GnRH pulse frequency-dependent stimulation of FSHβ transcription is mediated via activation of PKA and CREB . SS phages are genetically enginnered by replacing 2 N-terminal amino acids of the p8 coat protein of the fd phage . 
AGE and zeta potential measurements show that SS phages carry at least 1 / 4 less net negative surface charge than fd phages . 
Morphology and thickness of phages are studied at different counterion concentrations ( 10 ( -3 ) , 10 ( -2 ) and 10 ( -1 ) M ) by AFM , SEM and immunofluorescence analyses . 
Bundles induced by CoCl2 and CaCl2 are either metallized by chemical reduction or biomineralized for apatite-like material formation . 
EDX spectroscopy confirms the presence of Co , P and Ca peaks in mineralized samples . 
Such bottom-up manufactured phage scaffolds might be applied in bioengineering studies . Huge advances achieved recently in elucidating the role of NO in plants have been made possible by the application of NO donors . 
However , the application of NO to plants in various forms and doses should be subjected to detailed verification criteria . 
Not all metabolic responses induced by NO donors are reliable and reproducible in other experimental designs . 
The aim of the presented studies was to investigate the half-life of the most frequently applied donors ( SNP , SNAP and GSNO ) , the rate of NO release under the influence of light and reducing agents . 
At a comparable donor concentration ( 500 microM ) and under light conditions the highest rate of NO generation was found for SNAP , followed by GSNO and SNP . 
The measured half-life of the donor in the solution was 3 h for SNAP , 7 h for GSNO and 12 h for SNP . 
A temporary lack of light inhibited NO release from SNP , both in the solution and SNP-treated leaf tissue , which was measured by the electrochemical method . 
Also a NO , selective fluorescence indicator DAF-2DA in leaves supplied with different donors showed green fluorescence spots in the epidermal cells mainly in the light . 
SNP as a NO donor was the most photosensitive . 
The activity of PAL , which plays an important role in plant defence , was also activated by SNP in the light , not in the dark . 
S-nitrosothiols ( SNAP and GSNO ) also underwent photodegradation , although to a lesser degree than SNP . 
Additionally , NO generation capacity from S-nitrosothiols was shown in the presence of reducing agents , i . 
e . 
ascorbic acid and GSH , and the absence of light . 
The authors of this paper would like to polemicize with the commonly cited statement that "donors are compounds that spontaneously break down to release NO" and wish to point out the fact that the process of donor decomposition depends on the numerous external factors . 
It may be additionally stimulated or inhibited by live plant tissue , thus it is necessary to take into consideration these aspects and monitor the amount of NO released by the donor . Actions of nizatidine , a selective histamine H2-receptor antagonist , on gastric acid secretion in dogs , rats and frogs . Merit of quinacrine in the decrease of ingested sulfite-induced toxic action in rat brain . Soy isoflavonoids have many useful properties . 
However , they are metabolized in vivo , including in humans . 
The effect of the metabolism of soy isoflavonoids on their properties is not fully understood . 
We have isolated the bacterial strain SY8519 , which has been shown to metabolize daidzein to O-desmethylangolensin and to produce 2- ( 4-hydroxyphenyl ) propionic acid from genistein . 
According to chiral HPLC analysis , the 2- ( 4-hydroxyphenyl ) propionic acid obtained from the bacterium was optically active . 
To determine the absolute stereochemistry of the microbial product , we prepared ( S ) -2- ( 4-hydroxyphenyl ) propionic acid from ( S ) -2-phenylpropionic and concluded that the microbial product had an R-configuration by chiral HPLC analysis . 
We also applied the metabolite to mouse adipocytes and found that 2-HPPA was less effective at reducing leptin secretion than the parent compound genistein . 
Our results suggested that 'O-desmethylangolensin-production' attenuates the effect of soy isoflavonoids by reducing not only the activity of daidzein but also that of genistein . N3-substituted thymidine bioconjugates for cancer therapy and imaging . The herbicide 2 , 6-dichlorobenzonitrile ( DCBN ) is a potent nasal toxicant in rodents; however , it is not known whether DCBN causes similar nasal toxicity in humans . 
The tissue-selective toxicity of DCBN in mouse nasal mucosa is largely dependent on target tissue bioactivation by CYP2A5 . 
The human orthologues of CYP2A5 , CYP2A6 and CYP2A13 , are both expressed in nasal mucosa and are capable of activating DCBN . 
In this study , we directly determined the ability of human nasal mucosa to bioactivate DCBN . 
We also tested the suitability of a glutathione conjugate of DCBN ( GS-DCBN ) or its derivatives as biomarkers of DCBN exposure and nasal toxicity in mouse models . 
We found that human fetal nasal mucosa microsomes catalyze the formation of GS-DCBN , with a Km value comparable to that of adult mouse nasal mucosa microsomes . 
The activity of the human nasal mucosa microsomes was inhibited by 8-methoxypsoralen , a known CYP2A inhibitor . 
GS-DCBN and its metabolites were detected in the nasal mucosa and nasal-wash fluid obtained from DCBN-treated mice , in amounts that increased with escalations in DCBN dose , and they were all still detectable at 24 h after a DCBN treatment ( at 10 mg / kg ) . 
Further studies in Cyp2a5-null mice indicated that GS-DCBN and its metabolites in nasal-wash fluid were generated in the nasal mucosa , rather than in other organs . 
Thus , our data indicate for the first time that the human nasal mucosa is capable of bioactivating DCBN and that GS-DCBN and its metabolites in nasal-wash fluid may collectively serve as indicators of DCBN exposure and potential nasal toxicity in humans . The aim of this study was to investigate the antioxidant , anti-glucosidase and anti-amylase activities of total flavonoids ( TFs ) from Cichorium glandulosum seeds , and to analyse its chemical composition by HPLC-ESI / MS . 
In vitro study , radical scavenging IC50 values of TFs were 7 . 33±0 . 093 , 9 . 24±0 . 100 , 154 . 33±11 . 38 and 256 . 7±4 . 86μg / ml for DPPH , ABTS , hydroxyl radicals , and superoxide anion , respectively . 
In the 8-64mg / ml range , α-glucosidase and α-amylase were inhibited by TFs to a certain extent . 
In vivo , the treatment groups with TFs ( 100 , 200 , 400mg / kg ) showed a significant decrease in the malondialdehyde level , the superoxide dismutase and glutathione levels were restored to almost normal levels , and the catalase and glutathione peroxidase levels significantly increased compared to the CCl4-intoxicated group in rats . 
The present study suggests that C . 
glandulosum seeds should be given special attention because of their antioxidant and anti-glucosidase , anti-amylase activity . Estrogen receptor-alpha ( ER ) antagonists have been widely used for breast cancer therapy . 
Despite initial responsiveness , hormone-sensitive ER-positive cancer cells eventually develop resistance to ER antagonists . 
It has been shown that in most of these resistant tumor cells , the ER is expressed and continues to regulate tumor growth . 
Recent studies indicate that tamoxifen initially acts as an antagonist , but later functions as an ER agonist , promoting tumor growth . 
This suggests that targeted ER degradation may provide an effective therapeutic approach for breast cancers , even those that are resistant to conventional therapies . 
With this in mind , we previously demonstrated that proteolysis targeting chimeras ( PROTACs ) effectively induce degradation of the ER as a proof-of-concept experiment . 
Herein we further refined the PROTAC approach to target the ER for degradation . 
The ER-targeting PROTACs are composed of an estradiol on one end and a hypoxia-inducing factor 1alpha ( HIF-1alpha ) -derived synthetic pentapeptide on the other . 
The pentapeptide is recognized by an E3 ubiquitin ligase called the von Hippel Lindau tumor suppressor protein ( pVHL ) , thereby recruiting the ER to this E3 ligase for ubiquitination and degradation . 
Specifically , the pentapeptide is attached at three different locations on estradiol to generate three different PROTAC types . 
With the pentapeptide linked through the C7alpha position of estradiol , the resulting PROTAC shows the most effective ER degradation and highest affinity for the estrogen receptor . 
This result provides an opportunity to develop a novel type of ER antagonist that may overcome the resistance of breast tumors to conventional drugs such as tamoxifen and fulvestrant ( Faslodex ) . Silibinin , a flavonoid compound , has shown to be of chemopreventive potential against many cancers . 
However , its efficacy against gastric cancer has not been well elucidated . 
Here , we assessed the activity of Silibinin on apoptosis and cell-cycle arrest in human gastric cells culture system using SGC-7901 as the model . 
Silibinin treatment could inhibit the cell growth and cause a prominent G2 phase arrest and apoptosis in dose- and time-dependent manner . 
In mechanistic studies , Silibinin decreased the protein level of p34cdc2 , which might be the possible molecular mechanism of Silibinin efficacy on the growth inhibition in SGC-7901 cells . 
In addition , Silibinin caused an increase in p53 and p21 protein level as well as mRNA levels . 
Interestingly , Silibinin-induced apoptosis in SGC-7901 cells was independent of caspases activation . 
These results indicated that Silibinin is a cell-cycle regulator and apoptosis inducer in human gastric carcinoma SGC-7901 cells and might be used as a candidate chemopreventive agent for gastric carcinoma prevention and intervention . 
Copyright © 2012 John Wiley & Sons , Ltd . In the male brain , the medial preoptic nucleus ( POM ) is known to be a critical relay for the activation of sexual behaviour , with the aromatisation of testosterone into 17β-oestradiol ( E2 ) playing a key role . 
Acute stress has been shown to differentially modulate the aromatase enzyme in this and other brain nuclei in a sex-specific manner . 
In POM specifically , stress induces increases in aromatase activity ( AA ) that are both rapid and reversible . 
How the physiological processes initiated during an acute stress response mediate sex- and nuclei- specific changes in AA and which stress response hormones are involved remains to be determined . 
By examining the relative effects of corticosterone ( CORT ) , arginine vasotocin ( AVT , the avian homologue to arginine vasopressin ) and corticotrophin-releasing factor ( CRF ) , the present study aimed to define the hormone profile regulating stress-induced increases in AA in the POM . 
We found that CORT , AVT and CRF all appear to play some role in these changes in the male brain . 
In addition , these effects occur in a targeted manner , such that modulation of the enzyme by these hormones only occurs in the POM rather than in all aromatase-expressing nuclei . 
Similarly , in the female brain , the experimental effects were restricted to the POM but only CRF was capable of inducing the stress-like increases in AA . 
These data further demonstrate the high degree of specificity ( nuclei- , sex- and hormone-specific effects ) in this system , highlighting the complexity of the stress-aromatase link and suggesting modes through which the nongenomic modulation of this enzyme can result in targeted , rapid changes in local oestrogen concentrations . Stille cross-coupling of aryltriflates 10 and dienylstannane 11 , oxidation and Horner-Wadsworth-Emmons reaction afforded stereoselectively retinoates 15 . 
Saponification provided the carboxylic acids 8a and 8b , retinoids that incorporate a bulky hydrophobic ring while preserving the 9-cis-geometry of the parent system . 
In contrast to the pan-RAR / RXR agonistic profile of the lower homologue of 8a , compound 7 ( LG100567 ) , retinoids 8 showed selective binding and transactivation of RXR , devoid of significant RAR activation . 
In PLB985 leukemia cells that require RXR agonists for differentiation compounds 8 induced maturation in the presence of the RAR-selective pan-agonist TTNPB; this effect was blocked by an RXR-selective antagonist . Prostaglandins are key regulators of ion transport in the kidney . 
In MDCK cells , which model distal tubule cells , the transcription of the Na , K-ATPase beta1 subunit is regulated by PGE1 and PGE2 . 
To identify the EP receptors that mediate transcriptional regulation , transient transfection studies are conducted using the human beta1promoter / luciferase construct , pHbeta1-1141 Luc . 
The involvement of EP1 and EP2 receptors is indicated by studies with the EP1 selective agonist 17-phenyl trinor PGE2 , and the EP2 selective agonist butaprost ( which stimulate ) , as well as by studies with the antagonists SC-51089 ( EP1 specific ) and AH 6809 ( EP1 and EP2 specific ) . 
Consistent with the involvement of Gs coupled EP2 receptors , is that the PGE1 stimulation is inhibited by the PKAI expression vector ( encoding the protein kinase A ( PKA ) inhibitory protein ) , as well as by the myristolated PKA inhibitory peptide PKI . 
In addition to this evidence ( for the involvement of EP2 receptors ) , evidence for the involvement of EP1 receptors in the PGE1 mediated stimulation of Na , K-ATPase beta subunit gene transcription includes the stimulatory effect of 17-phenyl trinor PGE2 , as well as the inhibitory effects of SC-51089 . 
Also consistent with the involvement of Gq coupled EP1 receptors , the PGE1 stimulation is inhibited by the PKCI vector ( encoding the PKC inhibitory domain ) , the PKC inhibitor Go 6976 , thapsigargin , as well as the calmodulin antagonists W7 and W13 . Role of the inhibitory adrenergic alpha 2 and serotonergic 5-HT1A components of cocaine's actions on the DOI-induced head-twitch response in 5-HT2-receptor supersensitive mice . Morphine-6beta-glucuronide-induced hyperphagia : characterization of opioid action by selective antagonists and antisense mapping in rats . Thiocolchicoside suppresses osteoclastogenesis induced by RANKL and cancer cells through inhibition of inflammatory pathways : a new use for an old drug . Sulfated glucosamine inhibits MMP-2 and MMP-9 expressions in human fibrosarcoma cells . The putative JAK-STAT inhibitor AG490 exacerbates LPS-fever , reduces sickness behavior , and alters the expression of pro- and anti-inflammatory genes in the rat brain . Probing the structural changes in the light chain of human coagulation factor VIIa due to tissue factor association . Aurora kinases play an essential role in mitotic progression and are potentially druggable targets in cancer therapy . 
We identified benzo [ e ] pyridoindoles ( BePI ) as powerful aurora kinase inhibitors . 
Their efficiency was demonstrated both in enzymatic inhibition studies and in cell culture assays . 
New BePI molecules were synthesized , and a structure-activity relationship study was conducted with the aim of improving the activity and solubility of the lead compound . 
Tetracyclic BePI derivatives are characterized by a particular curved shape , and the presence of an oxo group on the pyridine ring was found to be required for aurora kinase B inhibition . 
New hydrosoluble benzo [ e ] pyridoindolones were subsequently designed , and their efficacy was tested by a combination of cell-cycle analysis and time-lapse experiments in live cells . 
The most active BePI derivative , 13 b , inhibited the cell cycle , drove cells to polyploidy , and eventually induced apoptosis . 
It exhibited high antiproliferative activity in HeLa cells with an IC ( 50 ) value of 63 nM . 
Relative to compounds tested in clinical trials , this antiproliferative potency places 13 b among the top 10 aurora kinase inhibitors . 
Our results justify further in vivo evaluation in preclinical animal models of cancer . In vivo effects of amtolmetin guacyl on lipid peroxidation and antioxidant defence systems . 
Comparison with non-selective and COX-2 selective NSAIDs . Anti-inflammatory activity of patchouli alcohol in RAW264 . 7 and HT-29 cells . The vascular protective properties of kinsenoside isolated from Anoectochilus roxburghii under high glucose condition . Effect of thiazinotrienomycin B , an ansamycin antibiotic , on the function of epidermal growth factor receptor in human stomach tumor cells . To evaluate the significance of inborn metabolic disorders of the pyrimidine degradation pathway , 450 children with unspecific neurological symptoms were comprehensively studied; 200 healthy children were recruited as controls . 
Uracil and thymine as well as their degradation products in urine were determined with an improved method based on reversed-phase HPLC coupled with electrospray ionization tandem mass spectrometry and detection by multiple-reaction monitoring using stable-isotope-labelled reference compounds as internal standards . 
From the results of the control group we established age-related reference ranges of all pyrimidine degradation products . 
In the patient group , two children with dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( DPYD ) deficiency were identified; one of these was homozygous for the exon 14-skipping mutation of the DPYD gene . 
In addition , two patients with high uracil , dihydrouracil and beta-ureidopropionate were found to have ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency . 
In the urine of 9 patients , beta-alanine was markedly elevated owing to treatment with vigabatrin , an irreversible inhibitor of GABA transaminase , which interferes with beta-alanine breakdown . 
Four patients had exclusively high levels of beta-aminoisobutyrate ( beta-AIB ) due to a low activity of the D-beta-AIB-pyruvate aminotransferase , probably without clinical significance . 
In conclusion , quantitative investigation of pyrimidine metabolites in children with unexplained neurological symptoms , particularly epileptic seizures with or without psychomotor retardation , can be recommended as a helpful tool for diagnosis in clinical practice . 
Sensitive methods and age-related reference ranges enable the detection of partial enzyme deficiencies . Vertebrate ALDH2 genes encode mitochondrial enzymes capable of metabolizing acetaldehyde and other biological aldehydes in the body . 
Mammalian ALDH1B1 , another mitochondrial enzyme sharing 72% identity with ALDH2 , is also capable of metabolizing acetaldehyde but has a tissue distribution and pattern of activity distinct from that of ALDH2 . 
Bioinformatic analyses of several vertebrate genomes were undertaken using known ALDH2 and ALDH1B1 amino acid sequences . 
Phylogenetic analysis of many representative vertebrate species ( including fish , amphibians , birds and mammals ) indicated the presence of ALDH1B1 in many mammalian species and in frogs ( Xenopus tropicalis ) ; no evidence was found for ALDH1B1 in the genomes of birds , reptiles or fish . 
Predicted vertebrate ALDH2 and ALDH1B1 subunit sequences and structures were highly conserved , including residues previously shown to be involved in catalysis and coenzyme binding for human ALDH2 . 
Studies of ALDH1B1 sequences supported the hypothesis that the ALDH1B1 gene originated in early vertebrates from a retrotransposition of the vertebrate ALDH2 gene . 
Given the high degree of similarity between ALDH2 and ALDH1B1 , it is surprising that individuals with an inactivating mutation in ALDH2 ( ALDH2*2 ) do not exhibit a compensatory increase in ALDH1B1 activity . 
We hypothesized that the similarity between the two ALDHs would allow for dominant negative heterotetramerization between the inactive ALDH2 mutants and ALDH1B1 . 
Computational-based molecular modeling studies examining predicted protein-protein interactions indicated that heterotetramerization between ALDH2 and ALDH1B1 subunits was highly probable and may partially explain a lack of compensation by ALDH1B1 in ALDH2 ( ∗ ) 2 individuals . Mesenteric artery remodeling and effects of imidapril and irbesartan on it in spontaneously hypertensive rats . The herb of Hedyotis diffusa Willd ( H . 
diffusa Willd ) , an annual herb distributed in northeastern Asia , has been known as a traditional oriental medicine for the treatment of cancer . 
Recently , Chinese researchers have discovered that two anthraquinones isolated from a water extract of H . 
diffusa Willd showed apoptosis-inducing effects against cancer cells . 
However , the cellular and molecular mechanisms responsible for this phenomenon are poorly understood . 
The current study determines the role of mitogen-activated protein kinases ( MAPK ) in human leukemic U937 cells apoptosis induced by 2-hydroxy-3-methylanthraquinone from H . 
diffusa . 
Our results showed that 2-hydroxy-3-methylanthraquinone decreased phosphorylation-ERK1 / 2 ( p-ERK1 / 2 ) , and increased p-p38MAPK , but did not affect expressions of p-JNK1 / 2 in U937 cells . 
Moreover , treatment of U937 cells with 2-hydroxy-3-methylanthraquinone resulted in activation of caspase-3 . 
Furthermore , PD98059 ( ERK1 / 2 inhibitor ) significantly enhanced 2-hydroxy-3-methylanthraquinone-induced apoptosis in U937 cells , whereas caspase-3 inhibitor or SB203580 ( p-p38MAPK inhibitor ) , decreased apoptosis in U937 cells . 
Taken together , our study for the first time suggests that 2-hydroxy-3-methylanthraquinone is able to enhance apoptosis of U937 cells , at least in part , through activation of p-p38MAPK and downregulation of p-ERK1 / 2 . 
Moreover , the triggering of caspase-3 activation mediated apoptotic induction . AKT signalling and mitochondrial pathways are involved in mushroom polysaccharide-induced apoptosis and G1 or S phase arrest in human hepatoma cells . Sesamin ( a non-fat portion of sesame seed oil ) inhibits delta-5 desaturase activity resulting in an accumulation of dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid ( DGLA ) which can displace arachidonic acid ( AA ) and decrease the formation of pro-inflammatory mediators . 
We investigated the effects of consumption of diets containing 0 . 25wt% sesamin and 15 wt% safflower oil ( SO ) ( providing 12% of the added fat as linoleic acid ) or a 15 wt% 2 : 1 mixture of linseed oil and SO ( LOSO ) ( providing 6% alpha-linolenic acid and 6% linoleic acid ) for 3 weeks on the liver membrane fatty acid composition and on the production of prostaglandin ( PG ) E2 , TNF-alpha , IL-6 and IL10 in mice . 
Consumption of sesamin-supplemented SO and LOSO diets resulted in a significant increase in the levels of 20 : 3omega6 ( DGLA ) , suggesting that sesamin inhibited delta-5 desaturation of omega6 fatty acids . 
In animals fed LOSO diets , the levels of alpha-linolenic acid , eicosapentaenoic acid ( EPA ) and of docosahexaenoic acid ( DHA ) were elevated with a concomitant decrease of arachidonic acid ( AA ) in the liver membrane phospholipids . 
Further , in animals fed LOSO diets with or without sesamin , an increase in the circulating levels of TNF-alpha was associated with a concomitant decrease in PGE2 . 
Despite a lack of differences in the levels of AA , the PGE2 levels were significantly lower in mice fed sesamin-supplemented SO compared to those fed SO alone . 
Thus , these data suggest that irrespective of the availability of a specific fatty acid as a substrate , through regulating the PGE2 synthesis , the production of TNF-alpha could be modulated . The molecular events during nongenotoxic carcinogenesis and their temporal order are poorly understood but thought to include long-lasting perturbations of gene expression . 
Here , we have investigated the temporal sequence of molecular and pathological perturbations at early stages of phenobarbital ( PB ) mediated liver tumor promotion in vivo . 
Molecular profiling ( mRNA , microRNA [ miRNA ] , DNA methylation , and proteins ) of mouse liver during 13 weeks of PB treatment revealed progressive increases in hepatic expression of long noncoding RNAs and miRNAs originating from the Dlk1-Dio3 imprinted gene cluster , a locus that has recently been associated with stem cell pluripotency in mice and various neoplasms in humans . 
PB induction of the Dlk1-Dio3 cluster noncoding RNA ( ncRNA ) Meg3 was localized to glutamine synthetase-positive hypertrophic perivenous hepatocytes , suggesting a role for β-catenin signaling in the dysregulation of Dlk1-Dio3 ncRNAs . 
The carcinogenic relevance of Dlk1-Dio3 locus ncRNA induction was further supported by in vivo genetic dependence on constitutive androstane receptor and β-catenin pathways . 
Our data identify Dlk1-Dio3 ncRNAs as novel candidate early biomarkers for mouse liver tumor promotion and provide new opportunities for assessing the carcinogenic potential of novel compounds . SNAIL Induces Epithelial-to-Mesenchymal Transition and Cancer Stem Cell-like Properties in Aldehyde Dehydroghenase-Negative Thyroid Cancer Cells . No influence of moderate hepatic impairment on the pharmacokinetics of lumiracoxib , an oral COX-2 selective inhibitor . Use of bleomycin ( BLM ) and cyclophosphamide ( CP ) as chemotherapeutic drugs is associated with side effects including toxicity to respiratory system . 
Their co-administration may enhance lung toxicity which may subsequently progress to the lung fibrosis . 
Natural compounds have shown mitigating effects against toxicity of anticancer drugs . 
Ellagic acid ( EA ) , a polyphenolic compound present in many fruits and nuts in addition to walnut has shown promising protective effect against toxicity of drugs and chemicals . 
We studied the ameliorative effect of EA on lung toxicity in rats exposed to CP ( 150mg / kgb . 
w . 
, i . 
p . 
) and BLM ( 10U / kgb . 
w . 
, i . 
t . 
) . 
EA ( 15mg / kgb . 
w . 
, p . 
o . 
×14days ) treatment modulated enhanced hydroxyproline level , lipid peroxidation , myeloperoxidase activity , nitric oxide production and protein carbonyl formation in lungs of rats exposed to toxic anticancer drugs . 
There was a marked decrease in GSH content and activities of antioxidant enzymes as a result of BLM and CP treatment . 
Bronchoalveolar lavage fluid showed increased level of cytotoxicity markers in drug treated animals . 
Treatment with EA attenuated these changes . 
Histopathological findings also showed protective effects of EA . 
In conclusion , EA emerged as a natural protectant with an ability to protect lungs from onslaught of pulmonary toxicity of anticancer drugs . Low folate conditions may enhance the interaction of trifluorothymidine with antifolates in colon cancer cells . Oncogenic and anti-oncogenic effects of transient receptor potential channels . Hypoxic and VHL-deficient cells use glutamine to generate citrate and lipids through reductive carboxylation ( RC ) of α-ketoglutarate . 
To gain insights into the role of HIF and the molecular mechanisms underlying RC , we took advantage of a panel of disease-associated VHL mutants and showed that HIF expression is necessary and sufficient for the induction of RC in human renal cell carcinoma ( RCC ) cells . 
HIF expression drastically reduced intracellular citrate levels . 
Feeding VHL-deficient RCC cells with acetate or citrate or knocking down PDK-1 and ACLY restored citrate levels and suppressed RC . 
These data suggest that HIF-induced low intracellular citrate levels promote the reductive flux by mass action to maintain lipogenesis . 
Using [ ( 1-13 ) C ] glutamine , we demonstrated in vivo RC activity in VHL-deficient tumors growing as xenografts in mice . 
Lastly , HIF rendered VHL-deficient cells sensitive to glutamine deprivation in vitro , and systemic administration of glutaminase inhibitors suppressed the growth of RCC cells as mice xenografts . mTOR inhibition modulates epileptogenesis , seizures and depressive behavior in a genetic rat model of absence epilepsy . "5-HT1R" or 5-HT1D sites? Evidence for 5-HT1D binding sites in rabbit brain . Puerarin , the main isoflavone glycoside found in the Chinese herb radix of Pueraria lobata ( Willd . 
) Ohwi , has received increasing attention because of its possible role in the prevention of osteoporosis . 
Previously , we showed that puerarin could inhibit the bone absorption of osteoclasts and promote long bone growth in fetal mouse in vitro . 
Further study confirmed that puerarin stimulated proliferation and differentiation of osteoblasts in rat . 
However , the mechanisms underlying its actions on human bone cells have not been well defined . 
Here we show that puerarin increases proliferation and differentiation and opposes cisplatin-induced apoptosis in human osteoblastic MG-63 cells containing two estrogen receptor ( ER ) isoforms . 
Puerarin promotes proliferation by altering cell cycle distribution whereas puerarin-mediated survival may be associated with up-regulation of Bcl-xL expression . 
Treatment with the ER antagonist ICI 182 , 780 abolishes the above actions of puerarin on osteoblast-derived cells . 
Using small interfering double-stranded RNA technology , we further demonstrate that the effects of puerarin on proliferation , differentiation and survival are mediated by both ERα and ERβ . 
Moreover , we also demonstrate that puerarin functions at least partially through activation of MEK / ERK and PI3K / Akt signaling . 
This agent also shows much weaker effect on breast epithelial cell growth than that of estrogen . 
Therefore , puerarin will be a promising agent that prevents or retards osteoporosis . SCOPE : To evaluate curcumin loaded solid lipid nanoparticles ( C-SLNs ) in the experimental paradigm of cerebral ischemia ( BCCAO model ) in rats . 
METHODS AND RESULTS : Oral administration of free curcumin and C-SLNs ( 25 and 50mg / kg ) was started 5days prior and continued for 3days after BCCAO . 
Alleviation in behavioral , oxidative and nitrosative stress , acetylcholinesterase , mitochondrial enzyme complexes , and physiological parameters were assessed . 
Confirmation of effective brain delivery of C-SLNs ( p . 
o ) was done using biodistribution studies in mice and confocal microscopy of rat brain section . 
There was an improvement of 90% in cognition and 52% inhibition of acetylcholinesterase versus cerebral ischemic group ( I / R ) . 
Neurological scoring improved by 79% . 
Levels of superoxide dismutase , catalase , glutathione , and mitochondrial complex enzyme activities were significantly increased , while lipid peroxidation , nitrite , and acetylcholinesterase levels decreased ( p<0 . 05 ) after C-SLNs administration . 
It is noteworthy to report the restoration of SOD , GSH , catalase , and mitochondrial complex enzyme levels equivalent to sham control values . 
Gamma-scintigraphic studies show 16 . 4 and 30 times improvement in brain bioavailability ( AUC ) upon oral and i . 
v administration of C-SLNs versus solubilized curcumin ( C-S ) . 
CONCLUSIONS : Study indicates protective role of curcumin against cerebral ischemic insult; provided it is packaged suitably for improved brain delivery . The progesterone positive feedback effect in women after ovariectomy . Serotonin ( 5-HT ) is considered as a major mediator causing hyperalgesia and is involved in inflammatory reactions and irritable bowel syndrome . 
Alverine citrate may possess visceral antinociceptive properties in a rat model of rectal distension-induced abdominal contractions . 
This study was designed to evaluate the pharmacological properties of alverine citrate in a rat model of rectal hyperalgesia induced by 5-HTP ( 5-HT precursor ) and by a selective 5-HT1A agonist ( 8-OH-DPAT ) and to compare this activity with a reference 5-HT1A antagonist ( WAY 100635 ) . 
At 4 h after their administration , 5-HTP and 8-OH-DPAT increased the number of abdominal contractions in response to rectal distension at the lowest volume of distension ( 0 . 4 mL ) . 
When injected intraperitoneally before 8-OH-DPAT and 5-HTP , WAY 100635 ( 1 mg kg ( -1 ) ) blocked their nociceptive effect , but also reduced the response to the highest volume of distension ( 1 . 6 mL ) . 
Similarly , when injected intraperitoneally , alverine citrate ( 20 mg kg ( -1 ) ) suppressed the effect of 5-HTP , but not that of 8-OH-DPAT . 
However , when injected intracerebroventricularly ( 75 microg / rat ) alverine citrate reduced 8-OH-DPAT-induced enhancement of rectal distension-induced abdominal contractions . 
In-vitro binding studies revealed that alverine citrate had a high affinity for 5-HT1A receptors and a weak affinity for 5-HT3 and 5-HT4 subtypes . 
These results suggest that 5-HTP-induced rectal hypersensitivity involves 5-TH1A receptors and that alverine citrate acts as a selective antagonist at the 5-HT1A receptor subtype to block both 5-HTP and 8-OH-DPAT-induced rectal hypersensitivity . Increasing resistance of Plasmodium falciparum malaria parasites to chloroquine and the dihydrofolate reductase ( DHFR ) inhibitors pyrimethamine and cycloguanil have sparked renewed interest in the antimalarial drugs WR99210 and proguanil , the cycloguanil precursor . 
To investigate suggestions that WR99210 and proguanil act against a target other than the reductase moiety of the P . 
falciparum bifunctional DHFR-thymidylate synthase enzyme , we have transformed P . 
falciparum with a variant form of human DHFR selectable by methotrexate . 
Human DHFR was found to fully negate the antiparasitic effect of WR99210 , thus demonstrating that the only significant action of WR99210 is against parasite DHFR . 
Although the human enzyme also resulted in greater resistance to cycloguanil , no decrease was found in the level of susceptibility of transformed parasites to proguanil , thus providing evidence of intrinsic activity of this parent compound against a target other than DHFR . 
The transformation system described here has the advantage that P . 
falciparum drug-resistant lines are uniformly sensitive to methotrexate and will complement transformation with existing pyrimethamine-resistance markers in functional studies of P . 
falciparum genes . 
This system also provides an approach for screening and identifying novel DHFR inhibitors that will be important in combined chemotherapeutic formulations against malaria . Gamma-linolenic acid ( GLA , C18 : 3delta ( 6 , 9 , 12 ) is one of nutritionally important polyunsaturated fatty acids in human and animal diets . 
Vast majority oilseeds crops do not produce GLA . 
Delta6-fatty acid desaturase ( D6D ) is the rate-limiting enzyme , which catalyzes the conversion of linoleic acid ( LA ) and alpha-linolenic acid ( ALA ) to GLA and octadecatetraenoic acid ( OTA ) . 
In this study , a delta6-fatty acid desaturase gene isolated from Mortierella isabellina was transformed into some soybean cultivars Jilin 35 , Jilin 47 , Suinong 10 , Suinong 14 and Heinong 37 successfully by agrobacterium-mediated cotylendon node transformation system . 
The results of PCR analysis , Southern blotting and Northern blotting with transgenic plants indicated that target gene was integrated into transgenic soybean genome and expressed at the level of RNA . 
Meanwhile , total fatty acids were extracted from transgenic seeds and methyl-esterified . 
Analysis of gas chromatograph ( GC ) showed that a novel peak corresponding to the standard of GLA methyl ester was detected , the highest percentage of gamma-lenolenic acid to total fatty acids in transgenic seeds was 27 . 
067% , which indicated that Mortierella isabellina delta6-fatty acid desaturase gene was expressed in transgenic soybean . 
It is so far the first report on the expression of delta6-fatty acid desaturase gene in transgenic soybean in the world . Guava leaf tea ( GLT ) contains guava leaf polyphenol ( Gvpp ) , which regulates the absorption of dietary carbohydrate from the intestines . 
Borderline diabetics , who are at high risk of development of diabetes , take GLT to suppress a rapid increase of blood sugar level after meals . 
However , patients with diabetes in whom diabetic drugs or warfarin as a blood thinner are prescribed also take GLT with the expectation of glycemic control . 
Therefore , we studied whether GLT had potential for inhibition or induction of cytochrome P450 ( CYP ) and an influence on the action of warfarin . 
Extract of guava leaf ( GvEx ) consists of carbohydrate and polyphenols , which are Gvpp , quercetin , and ellagic acid . 
These polyphenols , but not GvEx , showed a certain level of inhibition of human-cDNA-expressed CYPs . 
In a comparison of GLT and grapefruit juice , GLT showed weaker inhibition of CYP activities and of midazolam 1'-hydroxylation than grapefruit juice . 
Furthermore , neither liver weight nor CYP3A expression in the liver was changed in rats that received GvEx for 90 days compared with the control group . 
When rats were concomitantly treated with GLT and warfarin , the prolongation of clotting time of blood by warfarin was not influenced . 
These data suggest that GLT is unlikely to interact with drugs . Design and application of anthracene derivative with aggregation-induced emission charateristics for visualization and monitoring of erythropoietin unfolding . CYP450 enzymes are key determinants in drug toxicities , reduced pharmacological effect and adverse drug reactions . 
Mitragynine , an euphoric compound was evaluated for its effects on the expression of mRNAs encoding CYP1A2 , CYP2D6 and CYP3A4 and protein expression and resultant enzymatic activity . 
The mRNA and protein expression of CYP450 isoforms were carried out using an optimized multiplex qRT-PCR assay and Western blot analysis . 
CYP1A2 and CYP3A4 enzyme activities were evaluated using P450-Glo™ assays . 
The effects of mitragynine on human CYP3A4 protein expression were determined using an optimized hCYP3A4-HepG2 cell-based assay . 
An in silico computational method to predict the binding conformation of mitragynine to the active site of the CYP3A4 enzyme was performed and further validated using in vitro CYP3A4 inhibition assays . 
Mitragynine was found to induce mRNA and protein expression of CYP1A2 . 
For the highest concentration of 25 μM , induction of mRNA was approximately 70% that of the positive control and was consistent with the increased CYP1A2 enzymatic activity . 
Thus , mitragynine is a significant in vitro CYP1A2 inducer . 
However , it appeared to be a weak CYP3A4 inducer at the transcriptional level and a weak CYP3A4 enzyme inhibitor . 
It is therefore , unlikely to have any significant clinical effects on CYP3A4 activity . Differential binding mode of diverse cyclooxygenase inhibitors . Analysis of tolerance and behavioral / physical dependence during chronic CB1 agonist treatment : effects of CB1 agonists , antagonists , and noncannabinoid drugs . Entacapone . Serotonin receptors of type 6 ( 5-HT6 ) : from neuroscience to clinical pharmacology . Human paraoxonase double mutants hydrolyze V and G class organophosphorus nerve agents . UNLABELLED : Abciximab ( Reopro ) is an antibody fragment that dose-dependently inhibits platelet aggregation and leucocyte adhesion by binding to the glycoprotein ( GP ) IIb / IIIa , vitronectin and Mac-1 receptors . 
Abciximab ( 0 . 25 mg / kg bolus plus infusion of 0 . 125 micro g / kg / min for 12 hours ) showed greater efficacy than tirofiban in reducing the 30-day composite endpoint of death , nonfatal myocardial infarction ( MI ) or urgent target-vessel revascularisation in the randomised , double-blind TARGET study in patients scheduled for stent placement . 
In addition , the beneficial effects of treatment with abciximab previously observed in the randomised , multicentre , placebo-controlled EPILOG and EPISTENT studies have been maintained to 1 year , with a significantly reduced incidence of ischaemic complications relative to placebo consistently observed across a range of subgroups including age , sex , bodyweight and indication for revascularisation . 
The incidence of the composite endpoint was reduced in patients presenting with acute MI of <48 hours' duration in comparison with either fibrinolytic therapy or stenting alone in the randomised STOPAMI and ADMIRAL trials , primarily because of a reduced requirement for urgent repeat revascularisation and reduced incidence of mortality . 
In the randomised , nonblind , multicentre CADILLAC trial in patients with acute myocardial infarction ( MI ) , stenting alone was superior to percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty ( PTCA ) and stenting alone was not inferior to PTCA plus abciximab . 
Recent large randomised , multicentre studies ( ASSENT-3 and GUSTO-V ) have shown higher efficacy ( on various ischaemic endpoints ) of abciximab in combination with either a reduced dose of tenecteplase or reteplase compared with the fibrinolytic drug alone . 
TIMI grade 3 flow rates at 60 and 90 minutes in the TIMI-14 and SPEED trials were higher in patients who received abciximab in combination with either alteplase or reteplase than abciximab alone and were similar to that seen with the full-dose fibrinolytic alone . 
In the randomised , multicentre GUSTO IV-ACS study , no significant differences in any of the ischaemic endpoints at either 7 or 30 days in patients with acute coronary syndromes who were not scheduled to undergo early revascularisation ( within 12 hours of end of infusion ) were apparent between those who received abciximab ( bolus and either 24- or 48-hour infusion ) and those who received placebo in addition to aspirin and heparin . 
The most common adverse events associated with the use of abciximab are bleeding complications and thrombocytopenia , although the risk of major bleeding can be limited through adhering to current administration protocols . 
Treatment costs are generally higher in both stent plus abciximab and angioplasty plus abciximab groups than stent plus placebo , primarily because of the acquisition cost of abciximab . 
Abciximab appeared most cost beneficial in high-risk patients undergoing elective percutaneous coronary revascularisation; among lower risk patients , abciximab therapy has been associated with higher total in-hospital and 6-month medical costs than eptifibatide . 
CONCLUSION : The GP IIb / IIIa receptor antagonist abciximab , when used with aspirin and heparin , has demonstrated efficacy in reducing the short- and long-term risk of ischaemic complications in patients with ischaemic heart disease undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention , when used with aspirin and heparin . 
High-risk patients ( including those with diabetes mellitus ) derive particular benefits from abciximab treatment . 
Abciximab remains an important therapeutic option for the prevention of complications in patients with ischaemic heart disease . BACKGROUND : c-Kit and platelet-derived growth factor receptor ( PDGFR ) are potential molecular targets in epithelial ovarian cancer ( EOC ) . 
Imatinib inhibits the kinase domain and subsequent downstream signaling of these receptor tyrosine kinases . 
The objective of this study was to investigate biochemical and biologic effects of imatinib on EOC . 
METHODS : Patients with recurrent EOC who had received no more than 4 prior regimens and who had good end-organ function were eligible . 
Imatinib was administered orally at a dose of 400 mg twice daily in continuous , 28-day cycles with reassessment imaging studies obtained every other cycle . 
Tumor core biopsies were obtained prior to and at 4 weeks into therapy; microdissected tumor and stroma were subjected to protein lysate array analysis . 
Blood samples were obtained monthly for cytokine measurements . 
RESULTS : Twenty-three patients were enrolled , including 16 patients who received imatinib 600 mg daily because of gastrointestinal ( GI ) toxicity and fluid accumulation at the starting dose . 
The median time to disease progression was 2 months ( range , 2-14 months ) . 
Common grade 3 toxicities included edema / ascites / pleural effusions in 11 patients ( 48% ) , GI complaints in 8 patients ( 35% ) , fatigue in 3 patients ( 13% ) , and grade 2 and 3 cytopenias in 10 patients and 3 patients ( 43% and 13% ) , respectively . 
Increased circulating levels of interleukin 6 were associated with grade > / = 2 fluid collection ( P = . 02 ) . 
A statistically significant trend was observed between pretreatment phosphorylated-kit levels in microdissected tumor and stroma and GI toxicity ( P < . 01 ) , between tumor levels of epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) and PDGFR with grade of fatigue ( P < / = . 005 ) , and EGFR and phosphorylated-AKT levels with grade of ascites and edema ( P < / = . 01 ) . 
CONCLUSIONS : The results of this study indicated imatinib had minimal activity as a single agent in EOC . 
Its ability to modulate its molecular targets suggests that it may be considered in combinatorial therapy . A prospective analysis of imatinib-induced c-KIT modulation in ovarian cancer : a phase II clinical study with proteomic profiling . A series of indazole arylsulfonamides were synthesized and examined as human CCR4 antagonists . 
Methoxy- or hydroxyl-containing groups were the more potent indazole C4 substituents . 
Only small groups were tolerated at C5 , C6 , or C7 , with the C6 analogues being preferred . 
The most potent N3-substituent was 5-chlorothiophene-2-sulfonamide . 
N1 meta-substituted benzyl groups possessing an α-amino-3- [ ( methylamino ) acyl ] -group were the most potent N1-substituents . 
Strongly basic amino groups had low oral absorption in vivo . 
Less basic analogues , such as morpholines , had good oral absorption; however , they also had high clearance . 
The most potent compound with high absorption in two species was analogue 6 ( GSK2239633A ) , which was selected for further development . 
Aryl sulfonamide antagonists bind to CCR4 at an intracellular allosteric site denoted site II . 
X-ray diffraction studies on two indazole sulfonamide fragments suggested the presence of an important intramolecular interaction in the active conformation . Induction of heparin-binding EGF-like growth factor and activation of EGF receptor in imatinib mesylate-treated squamous carcinoma cells . Antidepressant use and glycemic control . Fluorescent sensing layer for the determination of L-malic acid in wine . Group I mGlu receptor stimulation inhibits activation-induced cell death of human T lymphocytes . Effect of halothane on the guanosine 5' triphosphate binding activity of G-protein alphai subunits . In the mouse , neurotransmitter metabolism can be regulated by modulation of the synthesis of pyridoxal 5'-phosphate and failure to maintain pyridoxal phosphate ( PLP ) levels results in epilepsy . 
This study of five patients with neonatal epileptic encephalopathy suggests that the same is true in man . 
Cerebrospinal fluid and urine analyses indicated reduced activity of aromatic L-amino acid decarboxylase and other PLP-dependent enzymes . 
Seizures ceased with the administration of PLP , having been resistant to treatment with pyridoxine , suggesting a defect of pyridox ( am ) ine 5'-phosphate oxidase ( PNPO ) . 
Sequencing of the PNPO gene identified homozygous missense , splice site and stop codon mutations . 
Expression studies in Chinese hamster ovary cells showed that the splice site ( IVS3-1g>a ) and stop codon ( X262Q ) mutations were null activity mutations and that the missense mutation ( R229W ) markedly reduced pyridox ( am ) ine phosphate oxidase activity . 
Maintenance of optimal PLP levels in the brain may be important in many neurological disorders in which neurotransmitter metabolism is disturbed ( either as a primary or as a secondary phenomenon ) . The combinations of the endothelin-1 receptor antagonists bosentan or ambrisentan with the phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitors sildenafil or tadalafil are current standard therapies of advanced pulmonary arterial hypertension . 
However , these drugs have a number of drug interactions . 
Changes of bosentan pharmacokinetics by sildenafil are attributed to reduced hepatic uptake as a consequence of inhibition of organic anion transporting polypeptides . 
We therefore tested in vitro the hypothesis that sildenafil and tadalafil reduce the enzyme- and transporter-inducing effects of bosentan or ambrisentan by preventing cellular access . 
Although intracellular concentrations of bosentan and ambrisentan ( measured by high pressure liquid chromatography coupled with tandem mass-spectrometry ) after four days of incubation of LS180 cells were lower when sildenafil or tadalafil were present , quantification of mRNA expression in these cells by real-time reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction revealed that bosentan and ambrisentan-mediated induction was stable or even increased in combination with sildenafil or tadalafil . 
For the drug transporter P-glycoprotein this was confirmed at the protein and functional level with highly significant correlations between P-gp mRNA , protein , and function . 
Moreover , using a reporter gene assay in LS180 cells , our study demonstrates for the first time that tadalafil is a potent , ambrisentan a weak , and sildenafil no activator of pregnane X receptor . 
In conclusion , our study demonstrates that although sildenafil and tadalafil indeed reduce intracellular concentrations of bosentan and ambrisentan in LS180 cells , they do not mitigate the inducing effects of these endothelin-1 receptor antagonists . Characterization of 5-hydroxytryptamine1B receptors in rat spinal cord via [ 125I ] iodocyanopindolol binding and inhibition of [ 3H ] -5-hydroxytryptamine release . Heparin possesses antimetastatic effects that were related to various molecular mechanisms beyond anticoagulant activities . 
The ability of heparin to interfere with the function of adhesion receptors in the metastatic course appears as a promising therapeutic approach . 
This refers to numerous findings that heparin attenuates metastasis in a selectin-dependent manner . 
We recently demonstrated that heparin interferes with the integrin VLA-4 on murine melanoma cells binding to VCAM-1 . 
To confirm this activity and to obtain further insight into molecular recognition of heparin by VLA-4 , we investigated the inhibition of VLA-4 mediated binding of human melanoma MV3 cells to immobilised VCAM-1 by different heparins . 
The size of heparin has an important impact on inhibition . 
Unfractionated heparin ( UFH ) and tinzaparin , a low-molecular-weight heparin ( LMWH ) representing a mean of about 18-20 monomers , displayed high inhibitory activity . 
Fractionating tinzaparin to 14-18 monomers reduced inhibition slightly , while the pentasaccharide fondaparinux was without effects . 
To confirm molecular recognition of tinzaparin by VLA-4 , a surface acoustic wave-biosensor was applied . 
A VLA-4 containing membrane preparation of MV3 cells was immobilised at the sensors to allow for detection of kinetic binding constants of tinzaparin compared to VCAM-1 . 
Tinzaparin binds to VLA-4 with affinity in the low micromolar range ( 4 . 61 x 10 ( -6 ) M ) , which clearly indicates specific molecular recognition . 
Furthermore , tinzaparin displays a nearly identical k ( off ) compared to VCAM-1 ( 5 . 13 x 10 ( -3 ) s ( -1 ) versus 3 . 44 x 10 ( -3 ) s ( -1 ) ) which is evident for interference with the ligand binding . 
The data provide evidence for a direct confirmation of heparin binding to VLA-4 and thus , contribute to understand the antimetastatic activity of heparin . Enhancing Raman Scattering without Plasmons : Unprecedented Sensitivity Achieved by TiO2 Shell-Based Resonators . BACKGROUND : The mammalian target of rapamycin ( mTOR ) is a highly conserved serine / threonine kinase that controls cell growth and metabolism in response to nutrients , growth factors , cellular energy and stress , and has pleiotropic effects . 
Its blockade , by mTOR inhibitors ( mTOR-Is ) , such as sirolimus or everolimus , leads to antiproliferative effects . 
METHODS : We have reviewed the major studies that deal with the utilization of mTOR-Is after kidney transplant and the outcomes . 
RESULTS : Calcineurin-inhibitor ( CNI ) avoidance , under the umbrella of sirolimus-based immunosuppression in de novo kidney-transplant ( KT ) patients , is associated with worse results compared with those observed in patients receiving CNI-based immunosuppression . 
Conversely , using mTOR-Is in the context of CNI minimization and CNI-free protocols is safe and efficient when used after 3 months post-transplant . 
If cyclosporin A ( CsA ) is used in combination with mTOR-I , considerable dose reduction of both drugs is required . 
A better choice may be withdrawal of CsA from this combination after 3-12 months . 
Later withdrawal or conversion to an mTOR-I may not be beneficial . 
Kidney transplant recipients given mTOR-Is have reduced incidence of de novo posttransplant malignancies . 
Posttransplant Kaposi's sarcoma and nonmelanotic skin malignancies frequently undergo remission / regression after conversion to mTOR-I immunosuppression . 
The associated side effects of mTOR-Is are numerous and may lead to significant drug cessation . 
CONCLUSION : mTOR-Is could be more widely used in kidney transplant patients due to reduced nephrotoxicity and de novo cancer compared with CNIs . Eicosapentaenoic acid-induced apoptosis depends on acyl CoA-synthetase . Oxidation and S-nitrosylation of cysteines in human cytosolic and mitochondrial glutaredoxins : effects on structure and activity . Studies showed that nicotine has a positive influence on symptoms of ulcerative colitis . 
In the present study , we explored the effect of nicotine treatment using different routes of administration in the dextran sodium sulfate ( DSS ) colitis mouse model . 
We also investigated the effects of cotinine , a major metabolite of nicotine , in the model . 
C57BL6 adult male mice were given DSS solution freely in the drinking water for seven consecutive days , and tap water was given thereafter . 
Disease severity , length of the colon , colon tissue histology , and inflammatory markers , including colonic myeloperoxidase activity and colonic tumor necrosis factor-α levels , were evaluated . 
The effect of nicotine and cotinine treatments via various different routes of administration were examined the DSS model . 
In addition , we measured the plasma levels of nicotine and cotinine in our treatment protocols . 
Administration of low , but not high , doses of oral nicotine in DSS-treated mice resulted in a significant decrease in disease severity , histologic damage scores , as well as colonic level of tumor necrosis factor-α . 
However , the anti-inflammatory effect of nicotine was not seen after chronic s . 
c . 
or minipump infusion of the drug . 
Differences in plasma levels of nicotine and cotinine do not seem to account for this lack of effect . 
Finally , oral cotinine alone failed to show a significant effect in the DSS model of colitis . 
These results highlight that dose and route of administration play a critical role in the protective effect of nicotine in the DSS mouse colitis model . Molecular cloning and expression of the rat EAAT4 glutamate transporter subtype . Safrole-2' , 3'-oxide induces atherosclerotic plaque vulnerability in apolipoprotein E-knockout mice . Clinical and molecular heterogeneity in the Brugada syndrome : a novel gene locus on chromosome 3 . Mammals have three homologous genes encoding proteins with hyaluronan synthase activity ( Has1-3 ) , all producing an identical polymer from UDP-N-acetylglucosamine and UDP-glucuronic acid . 
To compare the properties of these isoenzymes , COS-1 cells , with minor endogenous hyaluronan synthesis , were transfected with human Has1-3 isoenzymes . 
HAS1 was almost unable to secrete hyaluronan or form a hyaluronan coat , in contrast to HAS2 and HAS3 . 
This failure of HAS1 to synthesize hyaluronan was compensated by increasing the cellular content of UDP-N-acetyl glucosamine by ∼10-fold with 1 mm glucosamine in the growth medium . 
Hyaluronan synthesis driven by HAS2 was less affected by glucosamine addition , and HAS3 was not affected at all . 
Glucose-free medium , leading to depletion of the UDP-sugars , markedly reduced hyaluronan synthesis by all HAS isoenzymes while raising its concentration from 5 to 25 mm had a moderate stimulatory effect . 
The results indicate that HAS1 is almost inactive in cells with low UDP-sugar supply , HAS2 activity increases with UDP-sugars , and HAS3 produces hyaluronan at high speed even with minimum substrate content . 
Transfected Has2 and particularly Has3 consumed enough UDP-sugars to reduce their content in COS-1 cells . 
Comparison of different human cell types revealed ∼50-fold differences in the content of UDP-N-acetylhexosamines and UDP-glucuronic acid , correlating with the expression level of Has1 , suggesting cellular coordination between Has1 expression and the content of UDP-sugars . Quetiapine fumarate ( Seroquel ) : a new atypical antipsychotic . Analysis of splice variants and site-directed mutants of the AMPA receptor GluR3 expressed in Xenopus oocytes has shown that lithium produces a large potentiation of the GluR3 flop splice variant and suggested that lithium might inhibit rapid desensitization , which is characteristic of this receptor ( Karkanias , N . 
and Papke , R . 
, Subtype-specific effects of lithium on glutamate receptor function . 
J . 
Neurophysiol . 
, 81 ( 1999 ) 1506-1512 ) . 
We now show that mutation of the 769R / G desensitization site ( Lomeli , H . 
M . 
J . 
, Melcher , T . 
, Hoger , T . 
, Geiger , J . 
R . 
, Kuner , T . 
, Monyer , H . 
, Higuchi , M . 
B . 
A . 
and Seeburg , P . 
H , Control of kinetic properties of AMPA receptor channels by nuclear RNA editing . 
Science , 9 ( 266 ) ( 1994 ) 1709-1713 ) greatly attenuates the lithium-induced potentiation of GluR3 . 
Additionally , experiments with the non-desensitizing site-directed mutant GluR3 ( L507Y ) ( Stern-Bach , Y . 
, Russo , S . 
, Neuman , M . 
and Rosenmund , C . 
, A point mutation in the glutamate binding site blocks desensitization of AMPA receptors . 
Neuron , 21 ( 1998 ) 907-918 ) further confirms that lithium enhances GluR3 responses by reducing desensitization , since lithium's effects are reversed in this mutant . 
Lithium's effects on GluR3 desensitization are distinct from the effects of aniracetam on desensitization . 
Specifically , aniracetam , which potentiates wild-type AMPA receptors , is ineffective on the non-desensitizing GluR3 ( L507Y ) mutant , but has synergistic effects with lithium on wild-type receptors . Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( ALS ) is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder characterised by the selective dysfunction and death of the upper and lower motor neurons . 
Median survival rates are between 3 and 5 years after diagnosis . 
Mutations in the gene encoding Cu / Zn superoxide dismutase ( SOD1 ) have been linked to a subset of familial forms of ALS ( fALS ) . 
Herein , we describe a fragment- based drug discovery ( FBDD ) approach for the investigation of small molecule binding sites in SOD1 . 
X-ray crystallography has been used as the primary screening method and has been shown to directly detect protein-ligand interactions which cannot be unambiguously identified using other biophysical methods . 
The structural requirements for effective binding at Trp32 are detailed for a series of quinazoline-containing compounds . 
The investigation of an additional site that binds a range of catecholamines and the use of computational modelling to assist fragment evolution is discussed . 
This study also highlights the importance of ligand solubility for successful Xray crystallographic campaigns in lead compound design . Dietary quercetin ameliorates nonalcoholic steatohepatitis induced by a high-fat diet in gerbils . Ellagitannins isolated from various plant sources as well as newly synthesized n-alkyl ( C ( 1 ) -C ( 18 ) ) esters of hexahydroxydiphenyl ( HHDP ) dicarboxylic acid were evaluated as enzyme inhibitors of recombinant rat squalene epoxidase , a rate-limiting enzyme of cholesterol biosynthesis . 
Among the ellagitannins tested , pedunculagin ( IC ( 50 ) = 2 . 0 microM ) and eugeniin ( IC ( 50 ) = 1 . 6 microM ) , both containing ( S ) -HHDP ester group ( s ) , showed remarkable inhibition , which was more potent than those of previously reported substrate analogue inhibitors . 
Furthermore , ellagic acid ( IC ( 50 ) = 2 . 0 microM ) , a bislactone formed by hydrolytic release of a HHDP group from ellagitannins , was also a good inhibitor of the enzyme . 
On the other hand , the synthetic HHDP esters with C ( 6 ) ( IC ( 50 ) = 0 . 93 microM ) and C ( 8 ) alkyl side chains ( IC ( 50 ) = 0 . 83 microM ) showed potent enzyme inhibition at the submicromolar concentration range , while esters with shorter chain lengths ( C ( 1 ) -C ( 4 ) ) and a C ( 18 ) ester exhibited moderate inhibition ( IC ( 50 ) = 8-47 microM ) . Beta 1- and beta 2-adrenoceptor binding and functional response in right and left atria of rat heart . Antioxidant activity-guided separation of coumarins and lignan from Melicope glabra ( Rutaceae ) . SC-52458 , an orally active angiotensin II-receptor antagonist : inhibition of blood pressure response to angiotensin II challenges and pharmacokinetics in normal volunteers . Trimethylamine-N-oxide , a metabolite associated with atherosclerosis , exhibits complex genetic and dietary regulation . Sulfonylurea and glinide drugs , commonly used for antidiabetes therapies , are known to stimulate insulin release from pancreatic beta-cells by closing ATP-sensitive K + channels . 
However , the specific actions of these drugs on insulin granule motion are largely unknown . 
Here , we used total internal reflection fluorescence ( TIRF ) microscopy to analyze the docking and fusion of single insulin granules in live beta-cells exposed to either the sulfonylurea drug glibenclamide or the glinide drug mitiglinide . 
TIRF images showed that both agents caused rapid fusion of newcomer insulin granules with the cell membrane in both control and diabetic Goto-Kakizaki ( GK ) rat pancreatic beta-cells . 
However , in the context of beta-cells from sulfonylurea receptor 1 ( SUR1 ) knockout mice , TIRF images showed that only mitiglinide , but not glibenclamide , caused fusion of newcomer insulin granules . 
Compositely , our data indicate that 1 ) the mechanism by which both sulfonylurea and glinide drugs promote insulin release entails the preferential fusion of newcomer , rather than previously docked , insulin granules , and that 2 ) mitiglinide can induce insulin release by a mechanism independent of mitiglinide binding to SUR1 . Cyclooxygenase ( COX ) -2 mRNA and protein expression were found to be frequently elevated in human pancreatic adenocarcinomas and cell lines derived from such tumors . 
Immunohistochemistry demonstrated cytoplasmic COX-2 expression in 14 of 21 ( 67% ) pancreatic carcinomas . 
The level of COX-2 mRNA was found to be elevated in carcinomas , relative to histologically normal pancreas from a healthy individual , as assessed by reverse transcription-PCR . 
COX-2 protein expression was detected by the Western blot assay in three of five pancreatic carcinoma cell lines ( BxPC-3 , Capan-1 , and MDAPanc-3 ) , whereas COX-1 protein was detected in two of the five cell lines ( BxPC-3 and Capan-1 ) . 
Increased levels of COX-2 mRNA were found in four of five cell lines , and only in PANC-1 cells was the low level of transcript comparable to that in the normal pancreas . 
The level of COX-2 mRNA was positively correlated with the differentiation status of the tumor of origin for each cell line , COX-2 protein expression was up-regulated by epidermal growth factor when the cells were grown in absence of serum . 
Finally , two nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs , sulindac sulfide and NS398 , produced a dose-dependent inhibition of cell proliferation in all pancreatic cell lines tested . 
No correlation was found between the level of COX-2 or COX-1 expression and the extent of growth inhibition . 
Treatment of BxPC-3 cells with sulindac sulfide and NS398 resulted in an induction of COX-2 expression . 
Our findings indicate that COX-2 up-regulation is a frequent event in pancreatic cancers and suggest that nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs may be useful in the chemoprevention and therapy of pancreatic carcinoma . Effects of serine / threonine protein phosphatase inhibitors on morphine-induced antinociception in the tail flick test in mice . Introduction : The pharmacological profile of eprosartan--implications for cerebrovascular and cardiovascular risk reduction . The mechanisms leading to airway hyper-responsiveness ( AHR ) in asthma are still not fully understood . 
AHR could be produced by hypersensitivity of the airway smooth muscle or hyperreactivity of the airways . 
This study was conducted to ascertain whether AHR in a murine model of asthma is produced by changes at the level of the airway smooth muscle . 
Airway smooth muscle responses were characterised in vitro in isolated trachea spirals from naive mice and from an acute ovalbumin ( OVA ) challenge model of allergic asthma . 
AHR was investigated in vivo in conscious , freely moving mice . 
Inflammatory cell influx into the lungs and antibody responses to the antigen were also measured . 
In vitro study of tracheal airway smooth muscle from naive mice demonstrated concentration-related contractions to methacholine and 5-HT , but no responses to histamine or adenosine or its stable analogue , 5'-N-ethyl-carboxamidoadenosine . 
The contractions to 5-HT were inhibited by ketanserin and alosetron indicating involvement of 5-HT ( 2A ) and 5-HT ( 3 ) receptors , respectively . 
In an acute model of allergic asthma , OVA-treated mice were shown to be atopic by inflammatory cell influx to the lungs after OVA challenge , increases in total IgE and OVA-specific IgG levels and contractions to OVA in isolated trachea . 
In the asthmatic model , AHR to methacholine was demonstrated in conscious , freely moving mice in vivo and in isolated trachea in vitro 24 and 72h after OVA challenge . 
No AHR in vitro was seen for 5-HT , histamine or adenosine . 
These results suggest that , in our mouse model of asthma , changes occur at the level of the muscarinic receptor transduction pathway of coupling to airway smooth muscle contraction . 
These changes are maintained when tissues are removed from the inflammatory environment and for at least 3 days . Bioimaging real-time PXR-dependent mdr1a gene regulation in mdr1a . 
fLUC reporter mice . Comparisons of beta-adrenergic blocking properties of S- and R-timolol in humans . The inhibition of cholera toxin-induced 5-HT release by the 5-HT ( 3 ) receptor antagonist , granisetron , in the rat . Effects of the serine / threonine kinase SGK1 on the epithelial Na ( + ) channel ( ENaC ) and CFTR : implications for cystic fibrosis . Tumor-associated macrophages ( TAMs ) are correlated with poor prognosis in many human cancers; however , the mechanism by which TAMs facilitate ovarian cancer cell migration and invasion remains unknown . 
This study was aimed to examine the function of adrenomedullin ( ADM ) in macrophage polarization and their further effects on the migration of ovarian cancer cells . 
Exogenous ADM antagonist and small interfering RNA ( siRNA ) specific for ADM expression were treated to macrophages and EOC cell line HO8910 , respectively . 
Then macrophages were cocultured with HO8910 cells without direct contact . 
Flow cytometry , Western blot and real-time PCR were used to detect macrophage phenotype and cytokine production . 
The migration ability and cytoskeleton rearrangement of ovarian cancer cells were determined by Transwell migration assay and phalloidin staining . 
Western blot was performed to evaluate the activity status of signaling molecules in the process of ovarian cancer cell migration . 
The results showed that ADM induced macrophage phenotype and cytokine production similar to TAMs . 
Macrophages polarized by ADM promoted the migration and cytoskeleton rearrangement of HO8910 cells . 
The expression of RhoA and its downstream effector , cofilin , were upregulated in macrophage-induced migration of HO8910 cells . 
In conclusion , ADM could polarize macrophages similar to TAMs , and then polarized macrophages promote the migration of ovarian cancer cells via activation of RhoA signaling pathway in vitro . OBJECTIVE : To assess the fatty acid pattern in plasma and synovial fluid ( SF ) in rheumatoid arthritis ( RA ) and to determine clinical factors related to possible abnormalities . 
METHODS : Thirty-nine patients with RA were included . 
SF samples were obtained from 9 patients . 
Disease activity was assessed using the Ritchie Articular Index and erythrocyte sedimentation rate . 
Fatty acids were assayed with gas liquid chromatography . 
RESULT : Decreased levels of eicosapentaenoic acid ( p < 0 . 0001 ) and total n3 polyunsaturated fatty acids ( p < 0 . 05 ) were observed in plasma and in joint fluid , respectively . 
An increase of the substrates of delta-5-desaturase ( C20 : 3n6 and C20 : 2n6 ) and decrease of their products ( C20 : 4n6 and C22 : 4n6 ) was observed in plasma total lipids and phospholipids . 
The long chain mono-unsaturated fatty acids ( C20 : 1n9 , C22 : 1n9 , C24 : ln9 ) were increased in the joint fluid and in plasma phospholipids . 
Patients with active disease showed a mild decrease of several saturated fatty acids , n3 , and n6 polyunsaturated fatty acids . 
Minor abnormalities or no changes in fatty acid profile were found related to use of steroids , nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs , and gold salts , or malnutrition . 
CONCLUSION : The fatty acid pattern found in RA ( decreased levels of n3 polyunsaturated fatty acids ) may explain the beneficial effect of fish oil . 
Changes in n6 polyunsaturated fatty acids suggest that delta-5 desaturation is decreased and this might facilitate the antiinflammatory effect of botanical lipids in RA . An investigation is detailed of the structure activity relationships ( SAR ) of two sulfone side chains of compound ( - ) -1a ( SCH 900229 ) , a potent , PS1-selective γ-secretase inhibitor and clinical candidate for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease . 
Specifically , 4-CF ( 3 ) and 4-Br substituted arylsulfone analogs , ( - ) -1b and ( - ) -1c , are equipotent to compound ( - ) -1a . 
On the right hand side chain , linker size and terminal substituents of the pendant sulfone group are also investigated . The aim of the present study was to assess the effect of two hydroxylated BDE-47 metabolites , 5-OH-BDE-47 and 6-OH-BDE-47 , on steroidogenesis in the ovary . 
Both metabolites failed to affect the production of androstenedione and testosterone but increased the secretion of estradiol at all concentrations tested . 
The increased secretion of estradiol was due to the stimulation of aromatase gene and protein expression . 
Direct assessment of aromatase activity by dibenzylfluorescein assay and indirect assessment of aromatase activity by measurement of the conversion of testosterone to estradiol confirmed that 5-OH-BDE-47 and 6-OH-BDE-47 stimulate aromatase activity . 
The aromatase inhibitor CGS 16949A abolished this stimulatory activity and reduced estradiol levels in the control and treatment groups . Urinary chemokine ( C-C motif ) ligand 2 ( monocyte chemotactic protein-1 ) as a tubular injury marker for early detection of cisplatin-induced nephrotoxicity . Atherosclerosis is associated with immune activation . 
Immunoglobulin is used for the treatment of immune-mediated diseases . 
The mechanisms and importance of the Fc portion of immunoglobulin upon experimental atherosclerosis in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice were examined . 
Experimental atherosclerosis was induced in mice fed a high-fat diet containing 0 . 3% cholesterol . 
Over 8 , 12 , and 16 wk , on alternate days , mice were treated with an intraperitoneal injection of either 1 g . 
kg-1 . 
day-1 of human intact immunoglobulin or F ( ab' ) 2 fragments of human immunoglobulin . 
Fatty streak formation and fibrofatty plaques were markedly suppressed in mice that received intact immunoglobulin for 8 , 12 , and 16 wk . 
In contrast , atherosclerotic lesions were not ameliorated in mice that received F ( ab' ) 2 fragments . 
Immunohistochemical analysis revealed that macrophage accumulation in the fatty streak lesions was suppressed in mice received intact immunoglobulin but not in those that received F ( ab' ) 2 fragments . 
In addition , the cytotoxic activities of splenocytes from immunoglobulin-treated mice , but not from F ( ab' ) 2 fragment-treated mice , were significantly suppressed compared with those from human serum albumin-treated mice . 
Differences in lesion area did not correlate with any significant alterations in serum lipid levels . 
Immunoglobulin therapy markedly suppressed atherosclerosis due to Fc receptor-mediated anti-inflammatory and immunomodulating actions . 
The antiatherosclerotic effects of immunoglobulin may be related to the suppression of cytotoxic activity of atherogenic T cells and the reduction of macrophage accumulation in the lesions . UNLABELLED : Therapeutic interventions that block the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system ( RAAS ) have an important role in slowing the progression of cardiovascular risk actors to established cardiovascular diseases . 
In recent years , angiotensin receptor blockers ( ARBs ) have emerged as effective and well-tolerated alternatives to an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor ( ACEi ) for RAAS blockade . 
The ARB candesartan was initially established as an effective once-daily antihypertensive treatment , providing 24-h blood pressure ( BP ) control with a trough : peak ratio close to 100% . 
SCOPE : A Medline literature search was undertaken to identify randomised , controlled trials that examined the efficacy and cardiovascular outcomes associated with candesartan cilexetil in hypertension and chronic heart failure ( CHF ) . 
FINDINGS : Compared with other ARBs , candesartan demonstrates the strongest binding affinity to the angiotensin II type 1 receptor . 
Clinical trials have demonstrated that candesartan is well tolerated in combination with diuretics or calcium channel blockers ( CCBs ) , making it a suitable treatment option for patients whose hypertension is not adequately controlled by monotherapy . 
Subsequently , candesartan became the only ARB licensed in the UK to treat patients with CHF and left ventricular ejection fraction < or = 40% as add-on therapy to an ACEi or when an ACEi is not tolerated . 
Studies in patients with symptomatic HF have indicated that candesartan treatment was associated with significant relative risk reductions in cardiovascular mortality and hospitalisation due to CHF . 
CONCLUSIONS : There are clear indications that the clinical benefits of candesartan may extend beyond its proven antihypertensive effects to a wider range of complications across the cardiovascular continuum , including diabetes , left ventricular hypertrophy , atherosclerosis and stroke . 
Such results suggest that candesartan treatment may offer significant patient benefits as well as practical advantages over conventional treatment . Mechanisms Underlying the Varied Mammary Carcinogenicity of the Environmental Pollutant 6-Nitrochrysene and Its Metabolites ( - ) - [ R , R ] - and ( + ) - [ S , S ] -1 , 2-Dihydroxy-1 , 2-dihydro-6-nitrochrysene in the Rat . Compared with in vitro conditions , the intracellular environment is highly crowded with biomolecules; this has numerous effects on protein functions , including enzymatic activity . 
We examined the effects of macromolecular crowding on glycan processing of N-glycoprotein in the endoplasmic reticulum as a model sequential metabolic pathway . 
Experiments with synthetic substrates of physiological glycan structure clearly showed that the first half of the pathway ( glucose trimming ) was accelerated , whereas the second ( mannose trimming ) was decelerated under molecular crowding conditions . 
Furthermore , calreticulin , a lectin-like molecular chaperone , bound more strongly to a glycan-processing intermediate under these conditions . 
This study demonstrates the diverse effects of molecular crowding on sequential enzymatic processing , and the importance of the effects of macromolecular crowding on in vitro assays for understanding sequential metabolic pathways . Preclinical pharmacokinetics and in vitro metabolism of dasatinib ( BMS-354825 ) : a potent oral multi-targeted kinase inhibitor against SRC and BCR-ABL . RATIONALE : 2- [ 4- ( 4-Chlorophenyl ) piperazin-1-ylmethyl ] pyrazolo [ 1 , 5-a ] pyridine ( FAUC 213 ) is a highly selective antagonist at the dopamine D ( 4 ) receptor subtype . 
It was designed as a derivative of two partial antagonists and has been proven to be a complete antagonist in mitogenesis assay . 
OBJECTIVES : In the present study , FAUC 213 was examined for antipsychotic properties in animal models of behavioural neurobiology and neurochemistry . 
METHODS : Different concentrations of FAUC 213 were screened for effects on spontaneous , as well as amphetamine-induced , locomotor activity and apomorphine-induced prepulse disruption . 
The liability of causing extrapyramidal side effects was investigated in models of catalepsy and by high-performance liquid chromatography ( HPLC ) detection of dopamine turnover in several brain regions . 
The application schedule was validated , and the bioavailability of the compound determined , by means of a HPLC-pharmacokinetic study . 
RESULTS : A significant effect in both the reduction of amphetamine-induced locomotor hyperactivity and the restoration of apomorphine-disrupted prepulse inhibition was found at 30 mg / kg . 
This dose proved not to be high enough to induce catalepsy or to increase dopamine turnover in the dorsal striatum , nucleus accumbens and medial prefrontal cortex . 
The selective D ( 4 ) antagonist FAUC 213 , therefore , is not believed to mediate the above-mentioned effects via D ( 2 ) receptor antagonism , but a partial involvement of 5-HT ( 2 ) - and alpha ( 1 ) -receptors cannot be ruled out at present . 
CONCLUSIONS : We have gathered evidence that FAUC 213 exhibits atypical antipsychotic characteristics . Hereditary hyperekplexia is a neuromotor disorder characterized by exaggerated startle reflexes and muscle stiffness in the neonate . 
The disease has been associated with mutations in the glycine receptor subunit genes GLRA1 and GLRB . 
Here , we describe mutations within the neuronal glycine transporter 2 gene ( GLYT2 , or SLC6A5 , ) of hyperekplexia patients , whose symptoms cannot be attributed to glycine receptor mutations . 
One of the GLYT2 mutations identified causes truncation of the transporter protein and a complete loss of transport function . 
Our results are consistent with GLYT2 being a disease gene in human hyperekplexia . In utero exposure to valproic acid ( VPA ) , a histone deacetylase ( HDAC ) inhibitor , causes neural tube , heart , and limb defects . 
Valpromide ( VPD ) , the amide derivative of VPA , does not inhibit HDAC activity and is a weak teratogen in vivo . 
The detailed mechanism of action of VPA as a teratogen is not known . 
The goal of this study was to test the hypothesis that VPA disrupts regulation of the expression of genes that are critical in chondrogenesis and osteogenesis during limb development . 
Murine gestation day-12 embryonic forelimbs were excised and exposed to VPA or VPD in a limb bud culture system . 
VPA caused a significant concentration- dependent increase in limb abnormalities , which was correlated with its HDAC inhibitory effect . 
The signaling of both Sox9 and Runx2 , key regulators of chondrogenesis , was downregulated by VPA . 
In contrast , VPD had little effect on limb morphology and no significant effect on HDAC activity or the expression of marker genes . 
Thus , VPA exposure dysregulated the expression of target genes directly involved in chondrogenesis and osteogenesis in the developing limb . 
Disturbances in these signaling pathways are likely to be a consequence of HDAC inhibition because VPD did not affect their expressions . Therapy of spondylarthropathy in inflammatory bowel disease . It has been previously reported that Bisphenol A ( BPA ) can disturb the development of mammary structure and increase the risk of breast cancer in experimental animals . 
In this study , an in vitro model of human embryonic stem cell ( hESC ) differentiation into mammary epithelial cells was applied to investigate the effect of low dose BPA on the early stages of mammogenesis . 
A newly established hESC line was directionally differentiated into mammary epithelial cells by a well-established three-dimensional ( 3D ) culture system . 
The differentiated mammary epithelial cells were characterized by immunofluorescence and western blotting assay , and were called induced differentiated mammary epithelial cells ( iDMECs ) based on these data . 
The hESCs were treated with low doses of BPA range 10 ( -9 ) -10 ( -6 ) M during the differentiation process , with DMSO as the solvent control and 17-β-estrodiol ( E2 ) as the estrogen-positive control . 
Our results showed that low dose BPA and E2 could influence the mammosphere area of iDMECs and upregulate the expression level of Oct4 and Nanog proteins , while only BPA could downregulate the expression of E-cadherin protein . 
Taken together , this study provides some insights into the effects of low dose BPA on the early differentiation stage of mammary epithelial cells and suggests an easier canceration status of iDMECs under the effect of low dose BPA during its early differentiation stage . The R-enantiomer of the nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug etodolac binds retinoid X receptor and induces tumor-selective apoptosis . RhoA and its downstream effector ROCK mediate stress fiber formation and cell contraction through their effects on the phosphorylation of myosin light chain ( MLC ) . 
Inhibition of the RhoA / ROCK pathway has proven to be a promising strategy for several indications such as cardiovascular disease , glaucoma , and inflammatory disease . 
In 2010 , our group reported urea-based ROCK inhibitors as potential antiglaucoma agents . 
These compounds showed potent IC50 values in enzymatic and cell-based assays and significant intraocular pressure ( IOP ) -lowering effects in rats ( ∼7 mmHg ) . 
( 22 ) To develop more advanced ROCK inhibitors targeting various potential applications ( such as myocardial infarction , erectile dysfunction , multiple sclerosis , etc . 
) in addition to glaucoma , a thorough SAR for this urea-based scaffold was studied . 
The detailed optimization process , counter-screening , and in vitro and in vivo DMPK studies are discussed . 
Potent and selective ROCK inhibitors with various in vivo pharmacokinetic properties were discovered . We reported previously that Ca ( 2 + ) influx through N-methly-d-aspartate-gated channels evokes ATP-sensitive K ( + ) ( K-ATP ) currents in rat subthalamic nucleus ( STN ) neurons . 
By using whole-cell patch clamp recordings in brain slices , we investigated the ability of ( RS ) -3 , 5-dihydroxyphenylglycine ( DHPG ) , a group I metabotropic glutamate receptor ( mGluR ) agonist , to evoke K-ATP currents . 
DHPG ( 20 µM ) evoked outward current at -70 mV and was associated with a positive slope conductance of 2 . 7 nS . 
The sulfonylurea agent tolbutamide ( 100 µM ) converted the positive slope to negative slope conductance , indicating mediation by K-ATP channels ( ATP-sensitive K + channels ) . 
Currents evoked by DHPG were significantly reduced by a combination of mGluR1 and mGluR5 negative allosteric modulators . 
DHPG-evoked outward current was blocked by cyclopiazonic acid and thapsigargin and mimicked by caffeine , suggesting mediation by release of intracellular Ca ( 2 + ) . 
DHPG outward current was also blocked by ryanodine and 2-aminoethoxydiphenylborane , suggesting mediation by ryanodine- and inositol 1 , 4 , 5-triphosphate-sensitive Ca ( 2 + ) release . 
The nitric oxide synthase inhibitor N ( G ) -nitro-l-arginine methyl ester and inhibitors of protein kinase G activity also suppressed DHPG-induced outward current . 
Voltage recordings showed that tolbutamide prolonged depolarizing plateau potentials and increased the spontaneous firing rate of STN neurons recorded in the presence of DHPG . 
These results show that group I mGluR stimulation generates K-ATP current by a nitric oxide- and protein kinase G-dependent process that is mediated by release of Ca ( 2 + ) from intracellular stores . 
Because burst firing is linked to symptoms of Parkinson's disease , we suggest that K-ATP channels might provide a physiologically important inhibitory influence on STN neuronal activity . CYP51 fulfills an essential requirement for all cells , by catalyzing three sequential mono-oxidations within the cholesterol biosynthesis cascade . 
Inhibition of fungal CYP51 is used as a therapy for treating fungal infections , whereas inhibition of human CYP51 has been considered as a pharmacological approach to treat dyslipidemia and some forms of cancer . 
To predict the interaction of inhibitors with the active site of human CYP51 , a three-dimensional quantitative structure-activity relationship model was constructed . 
This pharmacophore model of the common structural features of CYP51 inhibitors was built using the program Catalyst from multiple inhibitors ( n = 26 ) of recombinant human CYP51-mediated lanosterol 14alpha-demethylation . 
The pharmacophore , which consisted of one hydrophobe , one hydrogen bond acceptor , and two ring aromatic features , demonstrated a high correlation between observed and predicted IC ( 50 ) values ( r = 0 . 92 ) . 
Validation of this pharmacophore was performed by predicting the IC ( 50 ) of a test set of commercially available ( n = 19 ) and CP-320626-related ( n = 48 ) CYP51 inhibitors . 
Using predictions below 10 microM as a cutoff indicative of active inhibitors , 16 of 19 commercially available inhibitors ( 84% ) and 38 of 48 CP-320626-related inhibitors ( 79 . 2% ) were predicted correctly . 
To better understand how inhibitors fit into the enzyme , potent CYP51 inhibitors were used to build a Cerius ( 2 ) receptor surface model representing the volume of the active site . 
This study has demonstrated the potential for ligand-based computational pharmacophore modeling of human CYP51 and enables a high-throughput screening system for drug discovery and data base mining . Emerging role of tyrosine kinase inhibitors in the treatment of advanced renal cell cancer : a review . The number of new drug candidates that are cleared via non-cytochrome P450 ( P450 ) enzymes has increased . 
However , unlike oxidation by P450 , the roles of reductive enzymes are less understood . 
The metabolism in intestine is especially not well known . 
The purposes of this study were to investigate the significance of reductive metabolism in human intestine , and to establish a quantitative prediction method of intestinal first-pass metabolism by cytosolic reductive enzymes , using haloperidol , mebendazole , and ziprasidone . 
First , we estimated the metabolic activities for these compounds in intestine and liver using subcellular fractions . 
Metabolic activities were detected in human intestinal cytosol ( HIC ) for all three compounds , and the intrinsic clearance values were higher than those in human liver cytosol for haloperidol and mebendazole . 
These metabolic activities in HIC were NADPH- and / or NADH-dependent . 
Furthermore , the metabolic activities for all three compounds in HIC were largely inhibited by menadione , which has been used as a carbonyl reductase ( CBR ) -selective chemical inhibitor . 
Therefore , considering subcellular location , cofactor requirement , and chemical inhibition , these compounds might be metabolized by CBRs in human intestine . 
Subsequently , we tried to quantitatively predict intestinal availability ( Fg ) for these compounds using human intestinal S9 ( HIS9 ) . 
Our prediction model using apparent permeability of parallel artificial membrane permeability assay and metabolic activities in HIS9 could predict Fg in humans for the three compounds well . 
In conclusion , CBRs might have higher metabolic activities in human intestine than in human liver . 
Furthermore , our prediction method of human Fg using HIS9 is applicable to substrates of cytosolic reductive enzymes . Methyl transfer in glycine N-methyltransferase . 
A theoretical study . In silico identification of poly ( ADP-ribose ) polymerase-1 inhibitors and their chemosensitizing effects against cisplatin-resistant human gastric cancer cells . Effects of nitric oxide synthase inhibition in the dorsolateral periaqueductal gray matter on ethanol withdrawal-induced anxiety-like behavior in rats . We determined the effects of low-level prenatal MeHg exposure on neuronal migration in the developing rat cerebral cortex using in utero electroporation . 
We used offspring rats born to dams that had been exposed to saline or various doses of MeHg ( 0 . 01 mg / kg / day , 0 . 1 mg / kg / day , and 1 mg / kg / day ) from gestational day ( GD ) 11-21 . 
Immunohistochemical examination of the brains of the offspring was conducted on postnatal day ( PND ) 0 , PND3 , and PND7 . 
Our results showed that prenatal exposure to low levels of MeHg ( 0 . 1 mg / kg / day or 1 mg / kg / day ) during the critical stage in neuronal migration resulted in migration defects of the cerebrocortical neurons in offspring rats . 
Importantly , our data revealed that the abnormal neuronal distribution induced by MeHg was not caused by altered proliferation of neural progenitor cells ( NPCs ) , induction of apoptosis of NPCs and / or newborn neurons , abnormal differentiation of NPCs , and the morphological changes of radial glial scaffold , indicating that the defective neuronal positioning triggered by exposure to low-dose of MeHg is due to the impacts of MeHg on the process of neuronal migration itself . 
Moreover , we demonstrated that in utero exposure to low-level MeHg suppresses the expression of Rac1 , Cdc42 , and RhoA , which play key roles in the migration of cerebrocortical neurons during the early stage of brain development , suggesting that the MeHg-induced migratory disturbance of cerebrocortical neurons is likely associated with the Rho GTPases signal pathway . 
In conclusion , our results provide a novel perspective on clarifying the mechanisms underlying the impairment of neuronal migration induced by MeHg . The early molecular processes underlying the neurological manifestations of an animal model of Wilson's disease . Co-C bond activation in methylmalonyl-CoA mutase by stabilization of the post-homolysis product Co2 + cobalamin . Cys2-His2 zinc finger proteins ( ZFPs ) are the largest group of transcription factors in higher metazoans . 
A complete characterization of these ZFPs and their associated target sequences is pivotal to fully annotate transcriptional regulatory networks in metazoan genomes . 
As a first step in this process , we have characterized the DNA-binding specificities of 129 zinc finger sets from Drosophila using a bacterial one-hybrid system . 
This data set contains the DNA-binding specificities for at least one encoded ZFP from 70 unique genes and 23 alternate splice isoforms representing the largest set of characterized ZFPs from any organism described to date . 
These recognition motifs can be used to predict genomic binding sites for these factors within the fruit fly genome . 
Subsets of fingers from these ZFPs were characterized to define their orientation and register on their recognition sequences , thereby allowing us to define the recognition diversity within this finger set . 
We find that the characterized fingers can specify 47 of the 64 possible DNA triplets . 
To confirm the utility of our finger recognition models , we employed subsets of Drosophila fingers in combination with an existing archive of artificial zinc finger modules to create ZFPs with novel DNA-binding specificity . 
These hybrids of natural and artificial fingers can be used to create functional zinc finger nucleases for editing vertebrate genomes . Imiquimod , a Toll-like receptor-7 agonist , induces perforin in cytotoxic T lymphocytes in vitro . The M6P ( mannose 6-phosphate ) / IGF2R ( insulin-like growth factor II receptor ) interacts with a variety of factors that impinge on tumour invasion and metastasis . 
It has been shown that expression of wild-type M6P / IGF2R reduces the tumorigenic and invasive properties of receptor-deficient SCC-VII squamous cell carcinoma cells . 
We have now used mutant forms of M6P / IGF2R to assess the relevance of the different ligand-binding sites of the receptor for its biological activities in this cellular system . 
The results of the present study demonstrate that M6P / IGF2R does not require a functional binding site for insulin-like growth factor II for inhibition of anchorage-independent growth and matrix invasion by SCC-VII cells . 
In contrast , the simultaneous mutation of both M6P-binding sites is sufficient to impair all cellular functions of the receptor tested . 
These findings highlight that the interaction between M6P / IGF2R and M6P-modified ligands is not only important for intracellular accumulation of lysosomal enzymes and formation of dense lysosomes , but is also crucial for the ability of the receptor to suppress SCC-VII growth and invasion . 
The present study also shows that some of the biological activities of M6P / IGF2R in SCC-VII cells strongly depend on a functional M6P-binding site within domain 3 , thus providing further evidence for the non-redundant cellular functions of the individual carbohydrate-binding domains of the receptor . Susceptibility to abacavir hypersensitivity has been attributed to possession of the specific human leukocyte antigen allele HLA-B*57 : 01 . 
HLA-B*57 : 01-restricted activation of CD8 + T-cells provides a link between the genetic association and the iatrogenic disease . 
The objectives of this study were to characterize the functionality of drug-responsive CD8 + T-cell clones generated from HLA-B*57 : 01 + drug-naive subjects and to explore the relationship between abacavir accumulation in antigen presenting cells and the T-cell response . 
Seventy-four CD8 + clones expressing different Vβ receptors were shown to proliferate and kill target cells via different mechanisms when exposed to abacavir . 
Certain clones were activated with abacavir in the absence of antigen presenting cells . 
Analysis of the remaining clones revealed two pathways of drug-dependent T-cell activation . 
Overnight incubation of antigen presenting cells with abacavir , followed by repeated washing to remove soluble drug , activated approximately 50% of the clones , and the response was blocked by glutaraldehyde fixation . 
In contrast , a 1 h antigen presenting cell pulse did not activate any of the clones . 
Accumulation of abacavir in antigen presenting cells was rapid ( less than 1 h ) , and the intracellular concentrations were maintained for 16 h . 
However , intracellular abacavir was not detectable by mass spectrometry after pulsing . 
These data suggest that T-cells can be activated by abacavir through a direct interaction with surface and intracellular major histocompatibility complex ( MHC ) molecules . 
With the former , abacavir seemingly participates in the MHC T-cell receptor binding interaction . 
In contrast , the latter pathway likely involves MHC binding peptides displayed as a consequence of abacavir exposure , but not abacavir itself . Mefenamic acid ingestion , usually in excess and over prolonged period is known to produce interstitial nephritis , or less commonly papillary necrosis , with acute renal failure . 
However , it is not dose-dependent for the induction of tubulointerstitial damage . 
Excess iodine ingestion is known to produce toxicity and possible death , but acute renal failure is rare . 
There is evidence from clinical and experimental data that iodine has toxic effect on tubular epithelial cells . 
Iodine has not been documented to produce red cell hemolysis and hemoglobinuria . 
We present a unique case of acute renal failure from hemoglobinuric and acute interstitial nephritis secondary to suicidal ingestion of potassium iodide solution and also ingestion of a few mefenamic acid tablets . 
These agents led to potentiation of the renal injury from hemoglobinuric tubulopathy , probably from the iodine , and renal dysfunction from alteration of renal perfusion by selective COX-1 inhibition of prostaglandin production , and induction of acute interstitial nephritis from mefenamic acid , leading to acute renal failure which was reversible by hemodialysis and supportive therapy . BACKGROUND & AIMS : It has been variably suggested that nonselective NSAIDs and cyclooxygenase ( COX ) -2 selective inhibitors aggravate or ameliorate clinical disease activity in patients with inflammatory bowel disease . 
We assessed the effect of these drugs in patients with inflammatory bowel disease ( n = 209 ) and the possible mechanisms . 
METHODS : First , patients with quiescent Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis received the non-NSAID analgesic acetaminophen ( n = 26 ) and the conventional NSAIDs naproxen ( n = 32 ) , diclofenac ( n = 29 ) , and indomethacin ( n = 22 ) for 4 weeks . 
The Harvey-Bradshaw index was used to define relapse . 
Second , to assess the mechanism of relapse , intestinal inflammation was quantitated ( fecal calprotectin ) before and during treatment ( 20 patients / group ) with acetaminophen , naproxen ( topical effect , COX-1 and -2 inhibitor ) , nabumetone ( COX-1 and -2 inhibitor ) , nimesulide ( selective COX-2 inhibitor ) , and low-dose aspirin ( selective COX-1 inhibition ) . 
RESULTS : Nonselective NSAIDs were associated with a 17%-28% relapse rate within 9 days of ingestion . 
No patient had an early relapse on acetaminophen , nimesulide , or aspirin , whereas those on naproxen and nabumetone ( 20% ) experienced relapse . 
These clinical relapses were associated with escalating intestinal inflammatory activity . 
CONCLUSIONS : NSAID ingestion is associated with frequent and early clinical relapse of quiescent inflammatory bowel disease , and the mechanism appears to be due to dual inhibition of the COX enzymes . 
Selective COX-2 inhibition with nimesulide and COX-1 inhibition with low-dose aspirin appear to be well-tolerated in the short-term . All-trans retinoic acid protects hepatocellular carcinoma cells against serum-starvation-induced cell death by upregulating collagen 8A2 . Congenital adrenal hyperplasia ( CAH ) is among the most common genetic disorders . 
Deficiency of adrenal steroid 21-hydroxylase deficiency due to mutations in the CYP21A2 gene accounts for about 95% cases of CAH . 
This disorder manifests with androgen excess with or without salt wasting . 
It also is a potentially life threatening disorder; neonatal screening with 17-hydroxyprogesterone measurement can diagnose the condition in asymptomatic children . 
Carefully monitored therapy with glucocorticoid and mineralocorticoid supplementation will ensure optimal growth and development for children with CAH . 
Genital surgery may be required for girls with CAH . 
Continued care is required for individuals with CAH as adults to prevent long-term adverse consequences of the disease , including infertility , metabolic syndrome and osteoporosis . Aldehyde oxidase importance in vivo in xenobiotic metabolism : imidacloprid nitroreduction in mice . Cardiolipin-dependent reconstitution of respiratory supercomplexes from purified Saccharomyces cerevisiae complexes III and IV . Pyridoxine-dependent epilepsy ( PDE ) is a rare autosomal recessive disorder characterized by generalized seizures in the first hours of life and responding only to pyridoxine hydrochloride . 
The pathogenesis of PDE is unknown , but an alteration in the binding of pyridoxal 5-phosphate to glutamic acid decarboxylase ( GAD ) has been postulated in patients with PDE . 
Results are reported for genetic linkage analyses in four families with consanguineous parents and in one family with nonconsanguineous parents . 
The GAD1 ( 2q31 ) and GAD2 genes ( 10p23 ) were tested and excluded . 
A genomewide search was subsequently performed , using microsatellite markers at an average distance of 10 cM , and the search revealed linkage of the disease-causing gene to markers on chromosome 5q31 . 2-q31 . 3 ( maximum LOD score [ Z ( max ) ] 8 . 43 at recombination fraction [ theta ] 0 and Zmax = 7 . 58 at straight theta = 0 at loci D5S2017 and D5S1972 , respectively ) . 
A recombination event , between loci D5S638 and D5S463 , in one family defined the distal boundary , and a second recombination event between loci D5S2011 and D5S2017 in another family defined the proximal boundary of the genetic interval encompassing the PDE gene ( 5 . 1 cM ) . 
Ongoing studies may lead to the identification of the disease-causing gene . Full central neurokinin-1 receptor blockade is required for efficacy in depression : evidence from orvepitant clinical studies . Hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) mostly develops in patients with advanced fibrosis; however , the mechanisms of interaction between a genotoxic insult and fibrogenesis are not well understood . 
This study tested a hypothesis that fibrosis promotes HCC via a mechanism that involves activation of liver stem cells . 
First , B6C3F1 mice were administered diethylnitrosamine ( DEN; single ip injection of 1mg / kg at 14 days of age ) . 
Second , carbon tetrachloride ( CCl ( 4 ) ; 0 . 2ml / kg , 2 / week ip starting at 8 weeks of age ) was administered for 9 or 14 weeks to develop advanced liver fibrosis . 
In animals treated with DEN as neonates , presence of liver fibrosis led to more than doubling ( to 100% ) of the liver tumor incidence as early as 5 months of age . 
This effect was associated with activation of cells with progenitor features in noncancerous liver tissue , including markers of replicative senescence ( p16 ) , oncofetal transformation ( Afp , H19 , and Bex1 ) , and increased "stemness" ( Prom1 and Epcam ) . 
In contrast , the dose of DEN used did not modify the extent of liver inflammation , fibrogenesis , oxidative stress , proliferation , or apoptosis induced by subchronic CCl ( 4 ) administration . 
This study demonstrates the potential role of liver stem-like cells in the mechanisms of chemical-induced , fibrosis-promoted HCC . 
We posit that the combination of genotoxic and fibrogenic insults is a sensible approach to model liver carcinogenesis in experimental animals . 
These results may contribute to identification of cirrhotic patients predisposed to HCC by analyzing the expression of hepatic progenitor cell markers in the noncancerous liver tissue . Genetic polymorphisms in the cyclooxygenase-2 gene , use of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs , and breast cancer risk . Indomethacin is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug ( NSAID ) and cyclooxygenase inhibitor that is frequently used as a research tool to study the process of adipocyte differentiation . 
Treatment of various preadipocyte cell lines with micromolar concentrations of indomethacin in the presence of insulin promotes their terminal differentiation . 
However , the molecular basis for the adipogenic actions of indomethacin had remained unclear . 
In this report , we show that indomethacin binds and activates peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma ( PPARgamma ) , a ligand-activated transcription factor known to play a pivotal role in adipogenesis . 
The concentration of indomethacin required to activate PPARgamma is in good agreement with that required to induce the differentiation of C3H10T1 / 2 cells to adipocytes . 
We demonstrate that several other NSAIDs , including fenoprofen , ibuprofen , and flufenamic acid , are also PPARgamma ligands and induce adipocyte differentiation of C3H10T1 / 2 cells . 
Finally , we show that the same NSAIDs that activate PPARgamma are also efficacious activators of PPARalpha , a liver-enriched PPAR subtype that plays a key role in peroxisome proliferation . 
Interestingly , several NSAIDs have been reported to induce peroxisomal activity in hepatocytes both in vitro and in vivo . 
Our findings define a novel group of PPARgamma ligands and provide a molecular basis for the biological effects of these drugs on adipogenesis and peroxisome activity . Though long-term exposure to nicotine is highly addictive , one "beneficial" consequence of chronic tobacco use is a reduced risk for Parkinson's disease . 
Interestingly , these effects both reflect structural and functional plasticity of brain circuits controlling reward and motor behavior , and specifically recruitment of nicotinic acetylcholine receptors ( nAChR ) in mesencephalic dopaminergic neurons . 
Since the underlying cellular mechanisms are poorly understood , we addressed this issue employing primary cultures of mouse mesencephalic dopaminergic neurons . 
Exposure to nicotine ( 1-10 μM ) for 72 hr in vitro increased dendritic arborization and soma size in primary cultures . 
These effects were blocked by mecamylamine and dihydro-β-erythroidine , but not methyllycaconitine . 
The involvement of α4β2 nAChR was supported by the lack of nicotine-induced structural remodeling in neurons from α4 null mutant mice ( KO ) . 
Challenge with nicotine triggered phosphorylation of the extracellular signal-regulated kinase ( ERK ) and the thymoma viral proto-oncogene ( Akt ) followed by activation of the mTORC1-dependent p70 ribosomal S6 protein kinase . 
Upstream pathway blockade using the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase inhibitor LY294002 resulted in suppression of nicotine-induced phosphorylations and structural plasticity . 
These effects were dependent upon functional DA D3 receptor ( D3R ) since nicotine was inactive both in cultures from D3R KO mice and following pharmacologic blockade with D3R antagonist SB-277011-A ( 50 nM ) . 
Finally , exposure to nicotine in utero ( 5 mg / kg / day for 5 days ) resulted in increased soma area of DAergic neurons of newborn mice , effects not observed in D3KO mice . 
These findings indicate that nicotine-induced structural plasticity in mesencephalic dopaminergic neurons involves α4β2 nAChRs together with dopamine D3R-mediated recruitment of ERK / Akt-mTORC1 signaling . Synergistic GABA-Enhancing Therapy against Seizures in a Mouse Model of Dravet Syndrome . Pharmacological and genetic evidence for pre- and postsynaptic D2 receptor involvement in motor responses to nociceptin / orphanin FQ receptor ligands . GABA receptor activation in central nervous white matter may be protective during white matter hypoxia in the adult , and it may modify axonal conduction , especially in the developing brain . 
GABA uptake is important for the shaping of the GABA signal , but quantitative data are lacking for GABA uptake and GABA-metabolizing enzymes in central nervous white matter . 
We report that high-affinity uptake of GABA in adult pig corpus callosum , fimbria , subcortical pyramidal tracts , and occipital white matter is approximately 20% of that in temporal cortex gray matter . 
Tiagabine ( 0 . 1 microM ) , an antiepileptic drug that specifically inhibits the GAT-1 GABA transporter inhibited GABA uptake 50% in temporal cortex and 60-68% in white structures . 
This finding indicates that GAT-1 is an important GABA transporter in white matter and suggests that white matter GABA uptake is inhibited during tiagabine therapy . 
GABA transaminase activity in white structures was approximately 20% of neocortical values . 
Glutamate decarboxylase ( GAD ) activity in white structures was only 4% of that in neocortex ( 7-12 pmol / mg tissue x min ( -1 ) versus approximately 200 pmol / mg tissue x min ( -1 ) ) . 
Since white matter activity of citrate synthase of the tricarboxylic acid cycle was approximately 25% of neocortical values ( approximately 0 . 4 nmol / mg tissue x min ( -1 ) versus approximately 1 . 5 nmol / mg tissue x min ( -1 ) ) , the low GAD activity suggests a slower metabolic turnover of GABA in white than in gray matter . Aripiprazole acts as a selective dopamine D2 receptor partial agonist . Activation of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate ( reduced form ) oxidase by advanced glycation end products links oxidative stress to altered retinal vascular endothelial growth factor expression . Fabry disease is an X-linked , multisystemic lysosomal storage disorder due to alpha-galactosidase A deficiency . 
It is characterized by the accumulation of glycosphingolipids , mainly globotriaosylceramide ( Gb ( 3 ) ) , in biological fluids , vascular endothelium , heart , and kidneys . 
Treatment by enzyme replacement therapy has been shown to be beneficial in both males and females affected with the disease . 
In addition to Gb ( 3 ) , increased concentrations of globotriaosylsphingosine ( lyso-Gb ( 3 ) ) have recently been reported in urine and plasma of Fabry patients . 
The overall objective of this metabolomic study was to identify and characterize new potential plasma biomarkers in treated and untreated males and females affected with Fabry disease which might better reflect disease severity and progression . 
We employed a time-of-flight mass spectrometry metabolomic approach using plasma samples of Fabry patients compared to age-matched controls . 
We found three new lyso-Gb ( 3 ) analogs in Fabry patients presenting m / z ratios at 802 , 804 , and 820 . 
As previously detected by our group , we also found a m / z ratio of 784 corresponding to the lyso-Gb ( 3 ) molecule minus two hydrogen atoms . 
Using exact mass measurements and tandem mass spectrometry , we confirmed that these analogs result from modifications of the lyso-Gb ( 3 ) sphingosine moiety . 
We evaluated the relative plasma concentration by measuring area counts for each lyso-Gb ( 3 ) analog . 
None of these analogs was detected in the majority of healthy controls . 
The relative concentration of each analog was higher in males compared to female Fabry patients . 
We demonstrated that mass spectrometry combined to a metabolomic approach is a powerful tool to detect and identify new potential biomarkers . The novel phosphodiesterase 10A inhibitor THPP-1 has antipsychotic-like effects in rat and improves cognition in rat and rhesus monkey . Characterization of ochratoxin A transport by human organic anion transporters . Ambenonium ( 1 ) , an old AChE inhibitor , is endowed with an outstanding affinity and a peculiar mechanism of action that , taken together , make it a very promising pharmacological tool for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease ( AD ) . 
Unfortunately , the bisquaternary structure of 1 prevents its passage through the blood brain barrier . 
In a search of centrally active ambenonium derivatives , we planned to synthesize tertiary amines of 1 , such as 2 and 3 . 
In addition , to add new insights into the binding mechanism of the inhibitor , we designed constrained analogues of ambenonium by incorporating the diamine functions into cyclic moieties ( 4-12 ) . 
The biological evaluation of the new compounds has been assessed in vitro against human AChE and BChE . 
All tertiary amine derivatives resulted more than 1000-fold less potent than 1 and , unlike prototype , did not show any selectivity between the two enzymes . 
This result , because of recent findings concerning the role of BChE in AD , makes our compounds , endowed with a well-balanced profile of AChE / BChE inhibition , valuable candidates for further development . 
To better clarify the interactions that account for the high affinity of 1 , docking simulations and molecular dynamics studies on the AChE-1 complex were also carried out . In the present study , we aimed to examine the effect of blockade of L-type Ca ( 2 + ) channels ( LTCC ) and in addition the removal of extracellular Ca ( 2 + ) , on EFS-induced relaxations in rings of rat mesenteric artery . 
EFS applied to the tissues precontracted with phenylephrine caused relaxations which were markedly inhibited by nifedipine ( 10 ( -7 ) M ) and tetraethylammonium ( TEA ) ( 1mM ) . 
Addition of LTCC opener BAY K 8644 ( 10 ( -7 ) M ) failed to enhance the relaxations . 
Upon removal of Ca ( 2 + ) , EFS with the same stimulation parameters produced frequency-dependent transient contractions . 
Tetrodotoxin ( 10 ( -6 ) M ) , capsaicin ( 10 ( -5 ) M ) and removal of endothelium did not alter these contractions suggesting that they were not neural in origin and endothelium-derived contracting factors were unlikely to be involved . 
However , they were increased by nearly 40% in response to BAY K 8644 ( 10 ( -7 ) M ) and were inhibited by nifedipine ( 10 ( -7 ) M ) , indicating that activation of the LTCCs was essential . 
Inositol triphosphate ( InsP3 ) receptor antagonist 2-APB ( 10 ( -4 ) M ) significantly reduced , and high concentration of caffeine ( 20mM ) almost totally suppressed the contractions . 
These results suggest that in the absence of extracellular Ca ( 2 + ) EFS through membrane depolarization , evokes the opening of the LTCCs which subsequently leads to the release of Ca ( 2 + ) from internal stores via InsP3 receptors , a phenomenon known as Ca ( 2 + ) channel-induced Ca ( 2 + ) release ( CCICR ) , to trigger vasoconstriction . 
That activation of LTCCs causes arterial relaxation or contraction depending on the Ca ( 2 + ) status apparently exemplifies how the same messenger fulfils opposing physiological functions in a given cell . The effect of a peripheral block on inflammation-induced prostaglandin E2 and cyclooxygenase expression in rats . Biosynthesis of selenocysteine on its tRNA in eukaryotes . The phosphodiesterase enzymes , of at least 11 types , are ubiquitous throughout the body , and perform a variety of functions . 
Phosphodiesterase type 5 ( PDE5 ) is the predominant enzyme in the corpus cavernosum , and plays a crucial role in penile erection . 
Inhibitors of PDE5 are the most effective oral agents in the treatment of erectile dysfunction . 
Sildenafil , tadalafil , and vardenafil are all potent inhibitors of PDE5 and show the same mechanism of action , although they have some pharmacological differences that may translate into varying clinical effects . Organophosphorus nerve agents ( NA ) , potent irreversible cholinesterase inhibitors , could induce severe seizures , status epilepticus ( SE ) , seizure-related brain damage ( SRBD ) and lethality . 
Despite the lack of data in the case of NA , clinical evidences suggest that SE survivors could suffer from neurological / cognitive deficits and impairments such as spontaneous recurrent seizures ( epilepsy ) after a latent period of epileptogenesis . 
It is beyond doubt that an effective and quick management of the initial seizures and prevention of SRBD are critical to prevent these long-term consequences , explaining why most experimental data are focusing on the 5-40min post-exposure time frame . 
However , in field conditions , treatment may be delayed and with the exception of NMDA receptor antagonists , currently no drug provides protection ( against lethality , seizures , SRBD and neurological consequences ) when seizures are left unabated for one hour or more . 
Ketamine ( KET ) is the only NMDA antagonist licensed as an injectable drug in different countries and remains an anesthetic of choice in some difficult field conditions . 
In this short review paper , after a presentation of some of the key points of the pathophysiology of NA-induced SE and a quick survey of the potential therapeutic avenues in the context of delayed treatment of NA-induced SE , we will review the recent data we obtained showing that KET , in combination with atropine sulfate ( AS ) , with or without a benzodiazepine , considerably reduces soman-induced neuroinflammation , provides neuroprotection , histologically and functionally , and also positively modify soman-induced changes in brain metabolism . 
Finally , we will also mention some results from safety studies including those bringing evidence that , at difference with MK-801 , KET does not impair thermoregulation and even seems to reduce AS-induced heat stress . 
All in all , KET , in combination , appears a good candidate for the out-of-hospital treatment of severe NA-induced SE . A series of 4 , 5-diaryloxazole analogs were designed and the interaction between oxaprozin and cyclooxygenase-2 studied by the docking method to improve the biological activity and reduce the gastrointestinal side effects of oxaprozin . 
Finally , 3- ( 4- ( 4-fluorophenyl ) -5- ( 4-aminosulfonyl-3-fluorophenyl ) -oxazole-2-yl ) propanoic acid ( NC-2142 ) , the best candidate , was selected for synthesis and bioassay based on the screening result . 
NC-2142 could lower the tumefaction rates of back metatarsus in rats , as well as reduce the writhing times in mice . 
NC-2142 produced fewer gastric lesions than oxaprozin . 
After the aminosulfonyl group was introduced into the benzene ring of oxaprozin , its analgesic and anti-inflammatory activities remained unchanged , and it reduced the number of gastric lesions . 
This provided a feasible method for further structure modification and optimization of oxaprozin . Characterization of tyrosinase inhibitors in the twigs of Cudrania tricuspidata and their structure-activity relationship study . Cellular signaling crosstalk between multiple receptors for investigation of pathophysiology in multifactorial diseases--what is clinically-relevant Monoamine oxidase B ( MAO-B ) is an important drug target for the treatment of neurological disorders . 
A series of 6-nitrobenzothiazole-derived semicarbazones were designed , synthesized , and evaluated as inhibitors of the rat brain MAO-B isoenzyme . 
Most of the compounds were found to be potent inhibitors of MAO-B , with IC ( 50 ) values in the nanomolar to micromolar range . 
Molecular docking studies were performed with AutoDock 4 . 2 to deduce the affinity and binding mode of these inhibitors toward the MAO-B active site . 
The free energies of binding ( ΔG ) and inhibition constants ( K ( i ) ) of the docked compounds were calculated by the Lamarckian genetic algorithm ( LGA ) of AutoDock 4 . 2 . 
Good correlations between the calculated and experimental results were obtained . 
1- [ ( 4-Chlorophenyl ) ( phenyl ) methylene ] -4- ( 6-nitrobenzothiazol-2-yl ) semicarbazide emerged as the lead MAO-B inhibitor , with top ranking in both the experimental MAO-B assay ( IC ( 50 ) : 0 . 004±0 . 001 μM ) and in computational docking studies ( K ( i ) : 1 . 08 μM ) . 
Binding mode analysis of potent inhibitors suggests that these compounds are well accommodated by the MAO-B active site through stable hydrophobic and hydrogen bonding interactions . 
Interestingly , the 6-nitrobenzothiazole moiety is stabilized in the substrate cavity with the aryl or diaryl residues extending up into the entrance cavity of the active site . 
According to our results , docking experiments could be an interesting approach for predicting the activity and binding interactions of this class of semicarbazones against MAO-B . 
Thus , a binding site model consisting of three essential pharmacophoric features is proposed , and this can be used for the design of future MAO-B inhibitors . Meta-hydroxyephedrine ( HED ) comprises four stereoisomers consisting of two enantiomeric pairs related to ephedrine and pseudoephedrine . 
HED is transported into adrenergic neurons and radiolabeled HED has been employed in positron emission tomography ( PET ) to image adrenergic neurons in vivo . 
To extend structure-activity analyses of binding sites within monoamine transporters and to determine which stereoisomer displayed the best selectivity for PET imaging applications , we tested the HED compounds for their abilities to inhibit [ ( 3 ) H ] neurotransmitter uptake into platelets , transfected cells , and chromaffin vesicles . 
We hypothesized that the HED compounds would be most potent at the norepinephrine transporter ( NET ) compared to the serotonin or dopamine transporters and that the 1R diastereomers would be more effective than 1S diastereomers . 
Supporting the hypotheses , all stereoisomers were most potent at the NET and the 1R , 2S stereoisomer was the most potent inhibitor overall . 
However , the 1S , 2R isomer may be preferred for PET applications because of better selectivity among the transporters and reduced neuronal recycling . The adenosine A ( 2 ) receptors are known to mediate most of the anti-inflammatory activities of adenosine . 
In lipopolysaccharides ( LPS ) -stimulated macrophages adenosine strongly inhibits TNF-alpha release , but may also enhance PGE ( 2 ) generation . 
The aims of this study were to determine the relative contributions of the A ( 2A ) and A ( 2B ) receptor subclasses in these two effects and to determine whether the enhanced release of PGE ( 2 ) contributes to the inhibition of TNF-alpha release . 
In LPS-stimulated mouse macrophages , adenosine potently inhibited TNF-alpha production and also potentiated PGE ( 2 ) release , though less potently ( IC ( 50 ) = 250 nM vs EC ( 50 ) approximately 8 microM , respectively ) . 
The non-selective adenosine receptor agonist NECA , and the selective A ( 2A ) receptor agonist CGS21680 also inhibited TNF-alpha production even more potently ( IC ( 50 ) = 4 . 8 and 2 . 3 nM , respectively ) . 
NECA , but not CGS21680 , also enhanced PGE ( 2 ) production . 
The selective A ( 2A ) receptor antagonist ZM241385 ( 30 nM ) , but not the selective A ( 2B ) receptor antagonist MRS1754 ( 30 nM ) , blocked the inhibitory effect of NECA and CGS21680 on TNF-alpha release . 
On the other hand , MRS1754 , but not ZM241385 , abolished the PGE ( 2 ) potentiating effect of NECA . 
Pre-treatment with indomethacin ( 1 microM ) abolished adenosine-induced PGE ( 2 ) release enhancement but did not prevent the inhibition of TNF-alpha release . 
These results show that in this system , the inhibition of TNF-alpha release by adenosine is mediated by the A ( 2A ) receptors whereas the enhancement of PGE ( 2 ) release appears to be mediated by the A ( 2B ) receptors . 
The results also show that while exogenous PGE ( 2 ) is a potent inhibitor of TNF-alpha release , the enhanced PGE ( 2 ) release induced by adenosine does not appear to contribute to the inhibition of TNF-alpha release . Individuals with spinal cord injury ( SCI ) are highly susceptible to infection . 
This post-traumatic immune suppression is thought to occur via alterations in sympathetic nervous system ( SNS ) or hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal ( HPA ) axis function . 
Normally , the HPA axis and SNS help coordinate proper immune function . 
After SCI , the HPA axis becomes activated and descending input to sympathetic preganglionic neurons ( SPNs ) is impaired . 
Because lymphoid organs are innervated by SPNs distributed throughout the thoracolumbar spinal cord , we predicted level-dependent immune suppression after SCI due to activation of the HPA axis and loss of descending input to SPNs . 
We tested this hypothesis by measuring indices of HPA ( circulating corticosterone; CORT ) and SNS function ( norepinephrine ( NE ) in spleen ) as well as antigen-specific antibody synthesis against an exogenous non-self protein following high- or low-level SCI . 
Using a mid-thoracic ( T9 ) spinal contusion injury model , we found that CORT was elevated after SCI with aberrant patterns of diurnal CORT synthesis evident through at least the first 24 h post-injury . 
However , splenic NE and antibody synthesis were similar to uninjured controls . 
Injury severity did not change these parameters . 
Indeed , CORT , NE and antibody synthesis were similar after T9 contusion or transection SCI . 
In contrast , high-level SCI ( T3 ) caused sustained increases in CORT and splenic NE along with impaired antibody synthesis and elevated splenocyte apoptosis . 
The immunosuppressive effects of T3 SCI were caused by NE acting at beta2-adrenergic receptors ( beta2AR ) and could be reversed using beta2AR blockers . 
Interestingly , impaired antibody after T3 SCI could be mimicked after T9 SCI with a beta2AR agonist . 
These data illustrate the immunosuppressive effects of the SNS after high-level SCI and indicate that immune deficits may be overcome using beta-blockers . Photochemical activation of TRPA1 channels in neurons and animals . Effects of 2 , 3 , 7 , 8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin or 2 , 2' , 4 , 4' , 5 , 5'-hexachlorobiphenyl on vitamin K-dependent blood coagulation in male and female WAG / Rij-rats . The eye is innervated by numerous serotonergic nerves and serotonin ( 5-hydroxytryptamine; 5HT ) is present in the aqueous humor of animal and human eyes . 
In an effort to delineate the role of the serotonergic system in modulating intraocular pressure ( IOP ) within the anterior segment of the eye , extensive topical ocular dosing studies were conducted with a variety of 5HT ligands and in various animal species . 
Even though certain 5HT ( 1A ) agonists decreased IOP in rabbits , these compounds failed to affect IOP in normotensive or ocular hypertensive monkey eyes . 
In contrast , while 5HT ( 2 ) agonists induced significant IOP reductions in normotensive rat eyes and in eyes of ocular hypertensive Cynomolgus monkeys , these agents were inactive in ocular normotensive cats and rabbits . 
Additional studies indicated a strong involvement of 5HT ( 2A ) receptors in mediating IOP-lowering in conscious ocular hypertensive Cynomolgus monkeys . 
As a result of further structure-activity investigations , AL-34662 , a selective 5HT ( 2 ) agonist ( relative to other 5HT receptor types and sub-types ) with high affinity , potency and efficacy at 5HT ( 2A ) , 5HT ( 2B ) and 5HT ( 2C ) receptors was discovered that efficaciously lowered IOP in the monkey model of ocular hypertension ( 33 + / - 3 % reduction out to 6 hrs post with a 300 microg topical ocular dose ) . 
Due to unavailability of monkey ocular cells , extensive in vitro studies were conducted using relevant human ocular cells in order to correlate with and support the in vivo observations in the monkeys . 
RT-PCR and in situ hybridization studies revealed the presence of mRNAs for 5HT ( 2A-C ) receptor subtypes in human ocular tissues involved in IOP modulation . 
The relative distribution and density of these mRNAs were as follows : ciliary body ( CB ) ( 5HT ( 2A ) > 5HT ( 2B ) > 5HT ( 2C ) ) , ciliary epithelium ( CE ) ( 5HT ( 2A ) > 5HT ( 2B ) = 5HT ( 2C ) ) and trabecular meshwork ( TM ) ( 5HT ( 2A ) = 5HT ( 2B ) >> 5HT ( 2C ) ) . 
Furthermore , quantitative autoradiography revealed a relatively high specific binding of [ ( 3 ) H ] -5HT and [ ( 3 ) H ] -ketanserin to 5HT ( 2 ) receptors in human CE and longitudinal ciliary muscle ( CM ) . 
Second messenger studies revealed the presence of phospholipase C-coupled 5HT ( 2A ) receptors in h-CM and h-TM cells where they stimulated phosphoinositide ( PI ) hydrolysis and mobilized intracellular Ca ( 2 + ) when challenged with a variety of 5HT ( 2A-C ) receptor agonists ( e . 
g . 
alpha-methyl-5HT , ( R ) -DOI , alpha-methyl-5HT , BW-723C86 , MK-212 , mCPP , cabergoline , AL-34662 ) . 
These functional responses were blocked by selective 5HT ( 2 ) receptor antagonists with the 5HT ( 2A ) antagonist , M-100970 , exhibiting the highest potency . 
Thus , functional 5HT ( 2A ) receptors are present in human ocular cells involved in IOP reduction and this correlates with the ability of 5HT ( 2A ) agonists to lower IOP in Cynomolgus monkeys , a surrogate for human subjects . Cocaine- and amphetamine-regulated transcript peptide potentiates spinal glutamatergic sympathoexcitation in anesthetized rats . Mycobacterium tuberculosis ( Mtb ) protein tyrosine phosphatase B ( mPTPB ) is a virulence factor secreted by the pathogen and mediates mycobacterial survival in macrophages by targeting host cell immune responses . 
Consequently , mPTPB represents an exciting new target to combat tuberculosis ( TB ) infection . 
We describe a medicinal chemistry oriented approach that transforms a benzofuran salicylic acid scaffold into a highly potent ( IC ( 50 ) = 38 nM ) and selective mPTPB inhibitor ( >50 fold against a large panel of PTPs ) . 
Importantly , the inhibitor is capable of reversing the altered host immune responses induced by the bacterial phosphatase and restoring the macrophage's full capacity to secrete IL-6 and undergo apoptosis in response to interferon-γ stimulation , validating the concept that chemical inhibition of mPTPB may be therapeutically useful for novel TB treatment . 
The study further demonstrates that bicyclic salicylic acid pharmacophores can be used to deliver PTP inhibitors with high potency , selectivity , and cellular efficacy . 3 , 4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine ( MDMA or "Ecstasy" ) and 2 , 5-dimethoxy-4-iodoamphetamine hydrochloride ( DOI ) are hallucinogenic amphetamines with addictive properties . 
The hippocampus is involved in learning and memory and seems particularly vulnerable to amphetamine's neurotoxicity . 
We evaluated the neurotoxicity of DOI and MDMA in primary neuronal cultures of hippocampus obtained from Wistar rat embryos ( E-17 to E-19 ) . 
Mature neurons after 10 days in culture were exposed for 24 or 48 h either to MDMA ( 100-800 μM ) or DOI ( 10-100 μM ) . 
Both the lactate dehydrogenase ( LDH ) release and the tetrazolium-based ( MTT ) assays revealed a concentration- and time-dependent neuronal death and mitochondrial dysfunction after exposure to both drugs . 
Both drugs promoted a significant increase in caspase-8 and caspase-3 activities . 
At concentrations that produced similar levels of neuronal death , DOI promoted a higher increase in the activity of both caspases than MDMA . 
In the mitochondrial fraction of neurons exposed 24h to DOI or MDMA , we found a significant increase in the 67 kDa band of apoptosis inducing factor ( AIF ) by Western blot . 
Moreover , 24h exposure to DOI promoted an increase in cytochrome c in the cytoplasmatic fraction of neurons . 
Pre-treatment with an antibody raised against the 5-HT ( 2A ) -receptor ( an irreversible antagonist ) greatly attenuated neuronal death promoted by 48 h exposure to DOI or MDMA . 
In conclusion , hallucinogenic amphetamines promoted programmed neuronal death involving both the mitochondria machinery and the extrinsic cell death key regulators . 
Death was dependent , at least in part , on the stimulation of the 5-HT ( 2A ) -receptors . Studies on an ( S ) -2-amino-3- ( 3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolyl ) propionic acid ( AMPA ) receptor antagonist IKM-159 : asymmetric synthesis , neuroactivity , and structural characterization . Ghrelin is a stomach-derived orexigenic peptide . 
The goal of the study was to investigate the roles of mu and kappa opioid receptors in systemic ghrelin-mediated regulation of the mesolimbic dopamine system . 
To evaluate the interaction of systemic ghrelin with values of food reward , rats were exposed to food removal , regular food or palatable food after systemic ghrelin administration . 
Extracellular dopamine levels were quantified in the nucleus accumbens ( NAc ) and receptor-specific compounds were infused into the ventral tegmental area ( VTA ) using dual-probe microdialysis . 
Consumption of regular or palatable food without systemic ghrelin administration induced an increase in dopamine levels in the NAc via activation of mu opioid receptors in the VTA . 
Systemic ghrelin administration ( 3 nmol , i . 
v . 
) followed by no food induced a decrease in dopamine levels via activation of kappa opioid receptors in the VTA . 
Systemic ghrelin administration followed by consumption of regular food induced an increase in dopamine levels via preferential activation of mu opioid receptors , whereas systemic ghrelin administration followed by consumption of palatable food suppressed the increase in dopamine levels via preferential activation of kappa opioid receptors . 
Thus , natural food reward and systemic ghrelin activate mu and kappa opioid receptor pathways in the VTA , respectively , resulting in opposite influences on dopamine release in the NAc . 
Furthermore , systemic ghrelin induces switching of the dominant opioid receptor pathway for highly rewarding food from mu to kappa , resulting in suppression of the mesolimbic dopamine system . 
These novel findings might provide insights into the neural pathways involved in eating disorders . Characterization of a counterpart to Mammalian ornithine decarboxylase antizyme in prokaryotes . Recently identified trace amine receptors are potential direct targets for drugs of abuse , including amphetamine and 3 , 4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine ( MDMA ) . 
We cloned full-length rhesus monkey trace amine receptor 1 ( rhTA ( 1 ) ) that was 96% homologous to human TA ( 1 ) . 
The trace amines tyramine and beta-phenylethylamine ( PEA ) and the monoamine transporter substrates ( + / - ) -amphetamine and ( + / - ) -MDMA stimulated cAMP accumulation in rhTA ( 1 ) -expressing cell lines , as measured by a cAMP response element-luciferase assay . 
Cocaine did not stimulate cAMP accumulation in rhTA ( 1 ) cells , but it blocked [ ( 3 ) H ] PEA transport mediated by the dopamine transporter . 
Cotransfection with the human dopamine transporter enhanced PEA- , amphetamine- , and MDMA-mediated rhTA ( 1 ) receptor activation , but it diminished tyramine activation of rhTA ( 1 ) . 
Because TA ( 1 ) ( EGFP-rhTA ( 1 ) chimera ) was largely intracellular , conceivably the dopamine transporter can facilitate access of specific agonists to intracellular TA ( 1 ) . 
rhTA ( 1 ) mRNA expression was detected in rhesus monkey substantia nigra , implying that TA ( 1 ) may be colocalized with the dopamine transporter in dopamine neurons . 
In summary , primate TA ( 1 ) receptors are direct targets of trace amines , amphetamine , and MDMA . 
These receptors could also be indirect targets of amphetamine , MDMA , and cocaine through modification of monoamine transporter function . 
Conceivably , rhTA ( 1 ) receptors may be located on pre- or postsynaptic membranes . 
Interference with the carrier function of monoamine transporters with a consequent rise of extracellular levels of trace amines could activate these receptors . 
The cloning of a highly homologous TA ( 1 ) from rhesus monkey and demonstration that rhTA ( 1 ) receptors are activated by drugs of abuse , indicate that nonhuman primates may serve to model physiological and pharmacological TA ( 1 ) -mediated responses in humans . Cloning of rat interleukin 11 and interleukin 11 receptor alpha chain and analysis of their expression in rat uterus in the peri-implantation period . Three novel metabolites of the angiotensin-II ( A-II ) receptor antagonist tasosartan have been identified in humans , and the syntheses and pharmacologic profiling of these metabolites are reported . 
Each metabolite bound the human A-II receptor with IC ( 50 ) s between 20 and 45nM . 
The in vivo effects of these compounds in attenuating the pressor response to angiotensin-II challenge in anesthetized rats were also investigated . 
An unsaturated diol metabolite exhibited in vivo efficacy at intravenous doses of 1 and 3mg / kg , while the other metabolites , both carboxylic acids , had no significant effect at the same doses . Expression of L-type pyruvate kinase ( L-PK ) is upregulated in the liver by dietary carbohydrate . 
Previously , 3 carbohydrate / insulin response elements were identified in the 5'-flanking region of the L-PK gene up to bp -170 . 
Studies of the 5'-flanking region beyond bp -183 in transgenic mice suggested that other regulatory elements may be present upstream of bp -183 , but the positions of these elements were uncertain . 
In the present study , the existence of regulatory regions of the L-PK gene responding to stimulation by feeding was examined using in vivo hydrodynamics-based gene transfection ( HT ) in mouse liver . 
The firefly-luciferase ( FL ) gene , fused with various lengths of the 5'-flanking region of the L-PK gene , was introduced into mouse liver by HT . 
The mice had free access to a high-carbohydrate diet . 
In liver homogenate , luciferase activity of pL-PK ( -1467 ) -FL ( which included the 5'-flanking region from bp -1467 to + 17 ) , was markedly stimulated by feeding . 
5'-Deletion up to bp -1065 caused only minor changes in luciferase activity , but further deletion up to bp -690 and bp -203 caused significant , gradual decreases in activity . 
Further analyses utilizing 5'-deletion mutants indicated the existence of positive regulatory regions that respond to stimulation by feeding between bp -1065 and -945 , and between -300 and -203 on the L-PK gene . 
These results suggest that unidentified cis-acting DNA elements exist in the upstream region of the L-PK gene , and that HT is a useful approach for detecting regulatory regions of genes expressed in the liver . Kinetic parameters and regulatory properties of UDPGDH extracted from cultured human skin fibroblasts were determined and compared with those of UDPGDH from cornea and epiphysial-plate cartilage . 
Fibroblast enzyme showed an affinity for UDPG 7 times higher than cartilage enzyme and 42 times higher than cornea enzyme . 
UDP-xylose acted as a co-operative allosteric inhibitor , but under the same experimental conditions fibroblast enzyme was significantly less inhibited . 
These results were in agreement with the different GAG production of the cells we studied . 
Fibroblast UDPGDH activity was regulated by the NAD / NADH ratio and it was also affected by modifications of extracellular matrix composition . 
A significant increase of UDPGDH affinity for UDPG was observed after the treatment of the monolayers with Chase ABC . Blockade of the renin-angiotensin system is an important approach in managing high blood pressure , and has increasingly been shown to affect cardiovascular disease processes mediated by angiotensin II throughout the cardiovascular and renal continua . 
Telmisartan is an angiotensin II receptor blocker ( ARB ) displaying unique pharmacologic properties , including a longer half life than any other ARB , that result in large and sustained reductions of blood pressure . 
In patients with mild-to-moderate hypertension , telmisartan has proved superior to other antihypertensive agents ( valsartan , losartan , ramipril , perindopril , and atenolol ) in controlling blood pressure particularly towards the end of the dosing interval . 
There is also clinical evidence that telmisartan reduces left ventricular hypertrophy , reduces arterial stiffness and the recurrence of atrial fibrillation , and confers renoprotection . 
The ONgoing Telmisartan Alone and in combination with Ramipril Global Endpoint Trial ( ONTARGET ) study has demonstrated that telmisartan has similar cardiovascular protective effects to ramipril in a large , high-risk patient population but was better tolerated . 
The powerful and sustained blood pressure control apparent in clinical trials , together with cardiovascular protection and tolerability demonstrated in ONTARGET means that telmisartan may be a preferred option for patients with hypertension . Multiple endocrine neoplasia type 1 ( MEN1 ) is characterized by parathyroid , enteropancreatic endocrine and pituitary adenomas as well as germline mutation of the MEN1 gene . 
We describe 2 families with MEN1 with novel mutations in the MEN1 gene . 
One family was of Turkish origin , and the index patient had primary hyperparathyroidism ( PHPT ) plus a prolactinoma; three relatives had PHPT only . 
The index patient in the second family was a 46-yr-old woman of Chinese origin living in Taiwan . 
This patient presented with a complaint of epigastric pain and watery diarrhea over the past 3 months , and had undergone subtotal parathyroidectomy and enucleation of pancreatic islet cell tumor about 10 yr before . 
There was also a prolactinoma . 
Sequence analysis of the MEN1 gene from leukocyte genomic DNA revealed heterozygous mutations in both probands . 
The Turkish patient and her affected relatives all had a heterozygous A to G transition at codon 557 ( AAG-->GAG ) of exon 10 of MEN1 that results in a replacement of lysine by glutamic acid . 
The Chinese index patient and one of her siblings had a heterozygous mutation at codon 418 of exon 9 ( GAC-->TAT ) that results in a substitution of aspartic acid by tyrosine . 
In conclusion , we have identified 2 novel missense mutations in the MEN1 gene . Late in an adenovirus infection , the viral proteinase ( AVP ) becomes activated to process virion precursor proteins used in virus assembly . 
AVP is activated by two cofactors , the viral DNA and pVIc , an 11-amino acid peptide originating from the C terminus of the precursor protein pVI . 
There is a conundrum in the activation of AVP in that AVP and pVI are sequence-independent DNA-binding proteins with nm equilibrium dissociation constants such that in the virus particle , they are predicted to be essentially irreversibly bound to the viral DNA . 
Here , we resolve that conundrum by showing that activation of AVP takes place on the one-dimensional contour of DNA . 
In vitro , pVI , a substrate , slides on DNA via one-dimensional diffusion , D ( 1 ) = 1 . 45 × 10 ( 6 ) bp ( 2 ) / s , until it binds to AVP also on the same DNA molecule . 
AVP , partially activated by being bound to DNA , excises pVIc , which binds to the AVP molecule that cut it out . 
pVIc then forms a disulfide bond with AVP forming the fully active AVP-pVIc complex bound to DNA . 
In vivo , in heat-disrupted immature virus , AVP was also activated by pVI in DNA-dependent reactions . 
This activation mechanism illustrates a new paradigm for virion maturation and a new way , by sliding on DNA , for bimolecular complexes to form among proteins not involved in DNA metabolism . Correlating superlattice polymorphs to internanoparticle distance , packing density , and surface lattice in assemblies of PbS nanoparticles . 3D-QSAR-assisted drug design : identification of a potent quinazoline-based Aurora kinase inhibitor . High resolution ( 1 ) H NMR spectroscopy was proposed for the determination of the fatty acid chain profile of lipids in pork meat products during ripening . 
Two typical Mediterranean PDO salami produced in Calabria , a region in the Southern Italy , were chosen as a case of study . 
Quantitative NMR analysis provided the fatty acid chain profiles of total lipid extracts . 
The transesterification of total lipid extracts furnished FAME mixtures that enabled quantitation of fatty acid acyl chains in the acylglycerol and FFA portions . 
In all cases , oleyl chains were predominant , and high amounts of polyunsaturated fatty acid chains were observed . 
The proposed spectroscopic method allowed also the estimation of the most important nutritional parameters of dry fermented meat products . Ptaquiloside reduces NK cell activities by enhancing metallothionein expression , which is prevented by selenium . Role of human organic anion transporter 4 in the transport of ochratoxin A . Cardiac ischemia is a leading cause of death , especially in diabetic patients . 
The diabetic ischemic heart is resistant experimentally to established cardioprotective treatments . 
New pharmacological approaches to cardiac protection are warranted . 
The kallikrein-kinin system is involved in myocardial protection in ischemia . 
Respective role of B1 ( B1R ) and B2 ( B2R ) receptors remains controversial . 
We tested whether pharmacological activation of kinin receptors may have therapeutic effect in cardiac ischemia-reperfusion in non diabetic ( NDiab ) and diabetic ( Diab ) mice . 
We assessed effect on infarct size ( IS ) and signaling pathways involved in myocardial protection of potent selective pharmacological agonists of B1R or B2R given at reperfusion . 
In NDiab mice , a B2R agonist reduced significantly IS by 47% , similarly to ramiprilat or ischemic postconditioning , via activation of PI3K / Akt pathway leading to inhibition of GSK3β . 
B1R agonist has no effect on IS . 
In contrast , in Diab mice , the B2R agonist , ramiprilat or ischemic postconditioning failed to reduce IS but a B1R agonist significantly reduced IS by 44% via activation of PI3K / Akt and ERK1 / 2 , both leading to GSK3β inhibition . 
Differential effect of B2R or B1R agonists in NDiab and Diab mice can be linked to inactivation of B2R signaling and induction of B1R in heart of Diab mice . 
Thus , a pharmacological B2R agonist is cardioprotective in acute ischemia in non diabetic animals . 
B1R agonist overcomes resistance of diabetic heart to cardioprotective treatments . 
Pharmacological activation of B1R and B2R may become treatment for diabetic and non diabetic patients respectively in acute coronary syndromes . Malignant melanoma continues to be an extremely fatal cancer due to a lack of viable treatment options for patients . 
The calcium-binding protein S100B has long been used as a clinical biomarker , aiding in malignant melanoma staging and patient prognosis . 
However , the discovery of p53 as a S100B target and the consequent impact on cell apoptosis redirected research efforts towards the development of inhibitors of this S100B-p53 interaction . 
Several approaches , including computer-aided drug design , fluorescence polarization competition assays , NMR , x-ray crystallography and cell-based screens have been performed to identify compounds that block the S100B-p53 association , reactivate p53 transcriptional activities and induce cancer cell death . 
Eight promising compounds , including pentamidine , are presented in this review and the potential for future modifications is discussed . 
Synthesis of compound derivatives will likely exhibit increased S100B affinity and mimic important S100B-target dynamic properties that will result in high specificity . 4-{ [ ( 4-Cyanophenyl ) ( 4H-1 , 2 , 4-triazol-4-yl ) amino ] methyl}phenyl sulfamate and its ortho-halogenated ( F , Cl , Br ) derivatives are first-generation dual aromatase and sulfatase inhibitors ( DASIs ) . 
Structure-activity relationship studies were performed on these compounds , and various modifications were made to their structures involving relocation of the halogen atom , introduction of more halogen atoms , replacement of the halogen with another group , replacement of the methylene linker with a difluoromethylene linker , replacement of the para-cyanophenyl ring with other ring structures , and replacement of the triazolyl group with an imidazolyl group . 
The most potent in vitro DASI discovered is an imidazole derivative with IC50 values against aromatase and steroid sulfatase in a JEG-3 cell preparation of 0 . 2 and 2 . 5 nM , respectively . 
The parent phenol of this compound inhibits aromatase with an IC50 value of 0 . 028 nM in the same assay . The anti-inflammatory activity of corticosteroids has prompted the exploration of their use in the treatment of allergic rhinitis . 
The development of intranasal steroids has resulted in several agents with quick actions , localized effects , and great efficacy in the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis and the prophylactic management of perennial rhinitis . 
This article presents a concise review of the preclinical and clinical evidence with these new agents and provides data-based guidance for the selection of optimal agents . 
The survey reveals that mometasone furoate , a new inhaled steroid with topical activity , has the greatest binding affinity for the glucocorticoid receptor , followed by fluticasone propionate , budesonide , triamcinolone acetonide , and dexamethasone . 
Mometasone furoate also has strong anti-inflammatory activity , with IL-4 and IL-5 inhibition activities equivalent to those of fluticasone propionate . 
Clinically , both mometasone furoate and fluticasone propionate appear to be well tolerated , to have quick onsets of action , and to be equivalent in efficacy in the treatment of seasonal allergic and perennial rhinitis . 
Of the intranasal steroids currently available , mometasone furoate has been shown to have the least systemic availability and , consequently , is expected to have the fewest systemic side effects . 
Some suppression of overnight cortisol levels has been reported with fluticasone propionate ( indicative of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis suppression ) . Migraine is a common complex disorder , currently classified into two main subtypes , migraine with aura ( MA ) and migraine without aura ( MO ) . 
The strong preponderance of females to males suggests an X-linked genetic component . 
Recent studies have identified an X chromosomal susceptibility region ( Xq24-q28 ) in two typical migraine pedigrees . 
This region harbours a potential candidate gene for the disorder , the serotonin receptor 2C ( 5-HT ( 2C ) ) gene . 
This study involved a linkage and association approach to investigate two single nucleotide variants in the 5-HT ( 2C ) gene . 
In addition , exonic coding regions of the 5-HT ( 2C ) gene were also sequenced for mutations in X-linked migraine pedigrees . 
Results of this study did not detect any linkage or association , and no disease causing mutations were identified . 
Hence , results for this study do not support a significant role of the 5-HT ( 2C ) gene in migraine predisposition . Approximately 50% of melanomas depend on mutant B-RAF for proliferation , metastasis and survival . 
The inhibition of oncogenic B-RAF with highly targeted compounds has produced remarkable albeit short-lived clinical responses in B-RAF mutant melanoma patients . 
Reactivation of signaling downstream of B-RAF is frequently associated with acquired resistance to B-RAF inhibitors , and the identification of B-RAF targets may provide new strategies for managing melanoma . 
Oncogenic B-RAF ( V600E ) is known to promote the stabilizing phosphorylation of the anti-apoptotic protein Mcl-1 , implicated in melanoma survival and chemoresistance . 
We now show that B-RAF ( V600E ) signaling also induces the transcription of Mcl-1 in melanocytes and melanoma . 
We demonstrate that activation of STAT3 serine-727 and tyrosine-705 phosphorylations is promoted by B-RAF ( V600E ) activity and that the Mcl-1 promoter is dependent on a STAT consensus-site for B-RAF-mediated activation . 
Consequently , suppression of STAT3 activity disrupted B-RAF ( V600E ) -mediated induction of Mcl-1 and reduced melanoma cell survival . 
We propose that STAT3 has a central role in the survival and contributes to chemoresistance of B-RAF ( V600E ) melanoma . 
Oncogene advance online publication , 4 March 2013; doi : 10 . 1038 / onc . 2013 . 45 . Although interleukin 2 ( IL-2 ) and IL-15 signal through the common gamma chain ( gammac ) and through IL-2 receptor beta-chain ( CD122 ) subunits , they direct distinct physiologic and immunotherapeutic responses in T cells . 
The present study provides some insight into why IL-2 and IL-15 differentially regulate T-cell function by revealing that these cytokines are strikingly distinct in their ability to control protein synthesis and T-cell mass . 
IL-2 and IL-15 are shown to be equivalent mitogens for antigen-stimulated CD8 ( + ) T cells but not for equivalent growth factors . 
Antigen-primed T cells cannot autonomously maintain amino acid incorporation or de novo protein synthesis without exogenous cytokine stimulation . 
Both IL-2 and IL-15 induce amino acid uptake and protein synthesis in antigen-activated T cells; however , the IL-2 response is strikingly more potent than the IL-15 response . 
The differential action of IL-2 and IL-15 on amino acid uptake and protein synthesis is explained by temporal differences in signaling induced by these 2 cytokines . 
Hence , the present results show that cytokines that are equivalent mitogens can have different potency in terms of regulating protein synthesis and cell growth . Carbonic anhydrase inhibitors : aromatic and heterocyclic sulfonamides incorporating adamantyl moieties with strong anticonvulsant activity . Thiazolidinediones ( also referred to as glitazones ) , agonists for Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor gamma ( PPARγ ) , are used for treating type 2 diabetes mellitus , where they decrease insulin resistance and cardiovascular risk . 
Compounds bearing the thiazolidinedione structure have also been shown to inhibit phosphoinositide 3-kinase ( PI3K ) . 
Here we tried to elucidate the poorly defined role of PI3K / Akt in the physiology of vascular smooth muscle cell contraction and tested the hypothesis that thiazolidinediones , by affecting the PI3K / Akt pathway , may influence vascular physiology . 
Isolated rat femoral arteries segments were mounted in a wire myograph and challenged with 100mM KCl or phenylephrine ( PE ) , in the absence or presence of troglitazone , rosiglitazone , pioglitazone , LY294002 ( PI3K inhibitor ) and 10-DEBC ( Akt inhibitor ) . 
All these compounds dose-dependently inhibited vasoconstriction to KCl or PE; their effect was reversible ( after 60-120 min washout ) and not affected by GW9662 ( a PPARγ antagonist ) or by N ( G ) -nitro-L-arginine ( LNNA , an inhibitor of NO biosynthesis ) . 
Analysis of phospho-Akt ( ser 473 ) in lysates from rat arteries ( by immunoblot ) revealed that thiazolidinediones , LY294002 and 10-DEBC , at the same concentration and kinetics inhibiting vasoconstriction , produced a similar decrease of Akt phosphorylation . 
PI3K / Akt pathway therefore appears to be an important , fast acting , modulator of contraction of vascular smooth muscle . 
Thiazolidinediones decrease vasoconstriction of isolated vessels possibly by inhibiting PI3K / Akt pathway . 
Such an effect of glitazones , if occurring in vivo , may impact cardiovascular syndromes related to vasospasm in diabetic patients . Emodin-6-O-β-D-glucoside down-regulates endothelial protein C receptor shedding . Reduction of dimethylarsinic acid to the highly toxic dimethylarsinous acid by rats and rat liver cytosol . Clopidogrel is a potent antithrombotic drug that inhibits ADP-induced platelet aggregation . 
The results of large clinical trials have demonstrated an overall benefit of clopidogrel over aspirin in the prevention of vascular ischemic events ( myocardial infarction , stroke , vascular death ) in patients with a history of symptomatic atherosclerotic disease . 
The antiaggregating effect of clopidogrel is attributed to an irreversible inhibition of ADP binding to a purinergic receptor present at the platelet surface . 
Clopidogrel is not active in vitro and can be considered a precursor of an active metabolite formed in the liver . 
The chemical structure of this active metabolite and its biological activity have been described recently . 
Several purinergic receptors have been described on platelets; P2X ( 1 ) , a calcium channel , and P2Y1 a Gq-coupled seven-transmembrane domain receptor , have been found not to be antagonized by clopidogrel . 
Another Gi ( 2 ) -coupled receptor ( named P2Y12 ) has been recently cloned and stably expressed in CHO cells . 
These cells displayed a strong affinity for ( 33 ) P-2MeS-ADP , a stable analogue of ADP , the binding characteristics of which corresponded in all points to those observed on platelets . 
The binding of ( 33 ) P-2MeS-ADP to these cells was strongly inhibited by the active metabolite of clopidogrel with a potency that was consistent with that observed for this compound on platelets . 
In these transfected CHO cells , as in platelets , ADP and 2MeS-ADP induced adenylyl cyclase downregulation , an effect that was inhibited by the active metabolite of clopidogrel . 
These results demonstrate that this receptor corresponds to the previously called "P2t" platelet receptor and show that the active metabolite of clopidogrel binds in a covalent manner to this receptor , thus explaining how it blocks the aggregating effect of ADP on platelets . Antiproliferative effect of exemestane in lung cancer cells . Impaired cliff avoidance reaction in dopamine transporter knockout mice . The aim of the present study in rat spinal cord synaptosomes was to compare the pharmacological characteristics of the serotonin ( 5-HT ) 1B receptor defined by [ 125I ] iodocyanopindolol [ ( 125I ] ICYP ) binding and the 5-HT autoreceptor defined by inhibition of [ 3H ] -5-HT release . 
In Percoll gradient Fractions 3 and 4 of spinal cord synaptosomes , a single saturable binding site for [ 125I ] ICYP with a maximum binding of 70 and 134 fmol / mg , respectively , was demonstrated in the presence of 30 microM isoproterenol . 
The Kd of 0 . 16 nM did not vary between fractions . 
Competition for [ 125I ] ICYP binding by various 5-HT agonists and antagonists also indicated a single site model based on a Hill coefficient of approximately 1 . 0 . 
The most potent compounds at displacing [ 125I ] ICYP binding were RU 24969 ( 5-methoxy-3- [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 6-tetrahydropyridin-4-yl ] -1H-indole ) , 5-carboxyamidotryptamine HCl , 5-methoxytryptamine , 5-HT and CGS 12066B ( 7-trifluoromethyl-4 ( 4 methyl-1-pyrolo [ 1 , 2-a ] -quinoxaline malate ) . 
[ 125I ] ICYP binding was not altered by compounds with activity at 5-HT1A , 5-HT1C , 5-HT2 , 5-HT3 or alpha-2 receptor sites . 
Similar to the pharmacological characteristics of the 5HT1B site defined by [ 125I ] ICYP , compounds most active at inhibiting 15 mM K ( + ) -stimulated release of [ 3H ] -5-HT were RU24969 = 5-carboxyamidotryptamine HCl = CGS 12066B greater than 5-methoxytryptamine greater than 5-HT . 
Compounds with activity at 5-HT1A , 5-HT1C , 5-HT2 or 5-HT3 sites were inactive . 
A correlation analysis of selective 5-HT1B compounds comparing the pKD for displacement of [ 125I ] ICYP vs . 
the IC50 for inhibition of [ 3H ] -5-HT release demonstrated the pharmacological similarity of the presynaptic inhibitory 5-HT autoreceptor and the 5-HT receptor site defined by [ 125I ] ICYP binding in spinal cord synaptosomes ( r = 0 . 791 , P = . 0193 ) . 
Although [ 125I ] ICYP binding was unaltered , alpha-2 agonists such as clonidine , norepinephrine and UK 14304 [ 5-bromo-6- [ 2-imidazolin-2-ylamino ] -quinoxaline ) as well as the alpha-2 antagonists rauwolscine and yohimbine also decreased the K ( + ) -stimulated release of [ 3H ] -5-HT and phentolamine , an alpha-2 antagonist increased release . 
The action of these alpha-2 compounds to alter [ 3H ] -5-HT release suggests the presence of heteroreceptors localized on 5-HT terminals in the spinal cord . 
These results point out that [ 125I ] ICYP identifies the 5-HT1B receptor , and affinity of compounds for this site predicts action at the 5-HT1B autoreceptor . 
( ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS ) Chemopreventive effects of Ginkgo biloba extract in estrogen-negative human breast cancer cells . Increased responsiveness of rat colonic splanchnic afferents to 5-HT after inflammation and recovery . Cysteinyl leukotrienes are key mediators in inflammation and have an important role in acute and chronic inflammatory diseases of the cardiovascular and respiratory systems , in particular bronchial asthma . 
In the biosynthesis of cysteinyl leukotrienes , conversion of arachidonic acid forms the unstable epoxide leukotriene A4 ( LTA4 ) . 
This intermediate is conjugated with glutathione ( GSH ) to produce leukotriene C4 ( LTC4 ) in a reaction catalysed by LTC4 synthase : this reaction is the key step in cysteinyl leukotriene formation . 
Here we present the crystal structure of the human LTC4 synthase in its apo and GSH-complexed forms to 2 . 00 and 2 . 15 A resolution , respectively . 
The structure reveals a homotrimer , where each monomer is composed of four transmembrane segments . 
The structure of the enzyme in complex with substrate reveals that the active site enforces a horseshoe-shaped conformation on GSH , and effectively positions the thiol group for activation by a nearby arginine at the membrane-enzyme interface . 
In addition , the structure provides a model for how the omega-end of the lipophilic co-substrate is pinned at one end of a hydrophobic cleft , providing a molecular 'ruler' to align the reactive epoxide at the thiol of glutathione . 
This provides new structural insights into the mechanism of LTC4 formation , and also suggests that the observed binding and activation of GSH might be common for a family of homologous proteins important for inflammatory and detoxification responses . Antiherpes therapies are principally targeted at viral thymidine kinases and utilize nucleoside analogs , the triphosphates of which are inhibitors of viral DNA polymerase or result in toxic effects when incorporated into DNA . 
The most frequently used drug , aciclovir ( Zovirax ) , is a relatively poor substrate for thymidine kinase and high-resolution structural information on drugs and other molecules binding to the target is therefore important for the design of novel and more potent chemotherapy , both in antiherpes treatment and in gene therapy systems where thymidine kinase is expressed . 
Here , we report for the first time the binary complexes of HSV-1 thymidine kinase ( TK ) with the drug molecules aciclovir and penciclovir , determined by X-ray crystallography at 2 . 37 A resolution . 
Moreover , from new data at 2 . 14 A resolution , the refined structure of the complex of TK with its substrate deoxythymidine ( R = 0 . 209 for 96% of all data ) now reveals much detail concerning substrate and solvent interactions with the enzyme . 
Structures of the complexes of TK with four halogen-containing substrate analogs have also been solved , to resolutions better than 2 . 4 A . 
The various TK inhibitors broadly fall into three groups which together probe the space of the enzyme active site in a manner that no one molecule does alone , so giving a composite picture of active site interactions that can be exploited in the design of novel compounds . Phenethylisothiocyanate ( PEITC ) , a naturally occurring isothiocyanate and potent cancer chemopreventive agent , works by multiple mechanisms , including the inhibition of cytochrome P450 ( P450 ) enzymes , such as CYP2E1 , that are involved in the bioactivation of carcinogens . 
PEITC has been reported to be a mechanism-based inactivator of some P450s . 
We describe here the possible mechanism for the inactivation of human CYP2E1 by PEITC , as well as the putative intermediate that might be involved in the bioactivation of PEITC . 
PEITC inactivated recombinant CYP2E1 with a partition ratio of 12 , and the inactivation was not inhibited in the presence of glutathione ( GSH ) and not fully recovered by dialysis . 
The inactivation of CYP2E1 by PEITC is due to both heme destruction and protein modification , with the latter being the major pathway for inactivation . 
GSH-adducts of phenethyl isocyanate ( PIC ) and phenethylamine were detected during the metabolism by CYP2E1 , indicating formation of PIC as a reactive intermediate following P450-catalyzed desulfurization of PEITC . 
Surprisingly , PIC bound covalently to CYP2E1 to form protein adducts but did not inactivate the enzyme . 
Liquid chromatography mass spectroscopy analysis of the inactivated CYP2E1 apo-protein suggests that a reactive sulfur atom generated during desulfurization of PEITC is involved in the inactivation of CYP2E1 . 
Our data suggest that the metabolism of PEITC by CYP2E1 that results in the inactivation of CYP2E1 may occur by a mechanism similar to that observed with other sulfur-containing compounds , such as parathion . 
Digestion of the inactivated enzyme and analysis by SEQUEST showed that Cys 268 may be the residue modified by PIC . Synthesis and antiprogestational properties of novel 17-fluorinated steroids . Pyridoxal kinase ( PDXK ) catalyzes the phosphorylation of pyridoxal , pyridoxamine , and pyridoxine in the presence of ATP and Zn2 + . 
This constitutes an essential step in the synthesis of pyridoxal 5'-phosphate ( PLP ) , the active form of vitamin B6 , a cofactor for over 140 enzymes . 
( R ) -Roscovitine ( CYC202 , Seliciclib ) is a relatively selective inhibitor of cyclin-dependent kinases ( CDKs ) , currently evaluated for the treatment of cancers , neurodegenerative disorders , renal diseases , and several viral infections . 
Affinity chromatography investigations have shown that ( R ) -roscovitine also interacts with PDXK . 
To understand this interaction , we determined the crystal structure of PDXK in complex with ( R ) -roscovitine , N6-methyl- ( R ) -roscovitine , and O6- ( R ) -roscovitine , the two latter derivatives being designed to bind to PDXK but not to CDKs . 
Structural analysis revealed that these three roscovitines bind similarly in the pyridoxal-binding site of PDXK rather than in the anticipated ATP-binding site . 
The pyridoxal pocket has thus an unexpected ability to accommodate molecules different from and larger than pyridoxal . 
This work provides detailed structural information on the interactions between PDXK and roscovitine and analogs . 
It could also aid in the design of roscovitine derivatives displaying strict selectivity for either PDXK or CDKs . INTRODUCTION : The EuroTransplant "old to old" program establishes that patients older than 60 years can receive offers of organs from donors older than 60 years . 
The compromised function of these organs makes it a priority to preserve their initial kidney function . 
HYPOTHESIS : Calcineurin-sparing protocols using anti-IL-2 receptor ( IL-2R ) antibody induction ( Simulect ) may benefit initial kidney function in these patients , as assessed by the rates of delayed graft function and of rejection during the first month after transplant . 
PATIENTS AND METHODS : A cohort of 15 consecutive elderly patients were prospectively compared with 30 cadaveric kidney transplants in younger recipients . 
Study patients were induced with Simulect ( 20 mg , 30 minutes before reperfusion and 4 days after transplantation ) and steroids , delaying the introduction of CsA until the serum creatinine was below 3 mg / dL . 
The other cohort of patients were immunosuppressed with tacrolimus ( trough 8 to 12 ) , mycophenolats mofetil ( MMF , 1 g / d ) , and an identical taper of steroids . 
The analysis compared donor and recipient ages , mean cold ischemic time , incidence of initial kidney function ( diuresis in the first 24 h ) serum creatinine levels , glomerular filtration rate ( GFR ) , number of dialysis sessions , and rejection rate in the two groups . 
RESULTS : Except for the donor and recipient ages ( 72 vs 54 in donors , and 67 versus 52 years in recipients ) , no significant differences were observed between the groups among the rates of acute rejection ( 6 . 6% vs 13 . 2% ) , delayed graft function ( 13 . 2% required dialysis ) , or infection ( 6 . 6% ) . 
Within 1 month all 45 grafts showed primary function with equal creatinine levels ( mean 1 . 65 ) . 
CONCLUSIONS : Calcineurin-free protocols using IL-2 therapy as the initial suppression allow patients in the "old to old" ET program to display equal results to cadaveric kidney transplants with initial treatment with calcineurin antagonists . Novel insights on the effect of nicotine in a murine colitis model . Acetazolamide inhibits aquaporin-1 protein expression and angiogenesis . A series of arylglycine-based analogs was synthesized and tested for TRPM8 antagonism in a cell-based functional assay . 
Following structure-activity relationship studies in vitro , a number of compounds were identified as potent TRPM8 antagonists and were subsequently evaluated in an in vivo pharmacodynamic assay of icilin-induced 'wet-dog' shaking in which compound 12 was fully effective . 
TRPM8 antagonists of the type described here may be useful in treating pain conditions wherein cold hypersensitivity is a dominant feature . Apomorphine , the catechol-derived dopamine D1 / D2 receptor agonist , is currently in use as an antiparkinsonian drug . 
It has previously been reported that apomorphine was able to elicit expression of the enzyme tyrosine hydroxylase , a marker for DA neurons , in the fetal rat cerebrocortical cultures whilst in the presence of brain-derived neurotrophic factor . 
The present study demonstrated that treatment of fetal rat ventral mesencephalic cultures with apomorphine caused a marked increase in the number of dopaminergic neurons . 
The action of apomorphine can be mimicked by dopamine receptor ( D1 and D2 ) agonists or blocked by preincubation with D1 / D2 receptor antagonists . 
Incubation of recipient mesencephalic cultures with the conditioned medium derived from apomorphine-stimulated donor mesencephalic cultures elicited a 3 . 72-fold increase in the number of TH-positive neurons . 
Increased mRNA expression levels of brain-derived neurotrophic factor and glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor were also found in the apomorphine-treated mesencephalic cells along with concomitant protein expression increases in the conditioned medium . 
Moreover , the trophic activity observed could be partially neutralized by antibodies against either brain-derived neurotrophic factor or glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor . 
Cultured fetal striatal cells , but not hippocampal cells , also responded to apomorphine treatment . 
The membrane filtration studies revealed that both <30 kDa and >50 kDa fractions contained trophic activities . 
The latter characterization distinguishes them from most known neurotrophic factors . 
These results suggest that the apomorphine-modulated development of dopaminergic neurons may be mediated by activation of the dopamine receptor subtypes D1 and D2 thereby increasing the production of multiple growth factors . Calicheamicin-conjugated humanized anti-CD33 monoclonal antibody ( gemtuzumab zogamicin , CMA-676 ) shows cytocidal effect on CD33-positive leukemia cell lines , but is inactive on P-glycoprotein-expressing sublines . Drospirenone ( ZK 30595; 6 beta , 7 beta , 15 beta , 16 beta-dimethylen-3-oxo-17 alpha-pregn-4-ene-21 , 17-carbolactone ) is a novel progestogen under clinical development . 
Drospirenone is characterized by an innovative pharmacodynamic profile which is very closely related to that of progesterone . 
Potential applications include oral contraception , hormone replacement therapy and treatment of hormonal disorders . 
The pharmacological properties of drospirenone were investigated in vitro by receptor binding and transactivation experiments and in vivo in appropriate animal models . 
In qualitative agreement with progesterone , the compound binds strongly to the progesterone and the mineralocorticoid receptor and with lower affinity to androgen and glucocorticoid receptors . 
There is no detectable binding to the estrogen receptor . 
Steroid hormone agonistic and antagonistic activities of progesterone and drospirenone were compared in transactivation experiments . 
Individual steroid hormone receptors were artificially expressed together with a reporter gene in appropriate cell lines . 
Both hormones were unable to induce any androgen receptor-mediated agonistic activity . 
Rather , both progesterone and drospirenone distinctly antagonized androgen-stimulated transcriptional activation . 
Likewise , both compounds only very weakly activated the mineralocorticoid receptor but showed potent aldosterone antagonistic activity . 
Drospirenone did not induce glucocorticoid receptor-driven transactivation . 
Progesterone was a weak agonist in this respect . 
Drospirenone exerts potent progestogenic and antigonadotropic activity which was studied in various animal species . 
It efficiently promotes the maintenance of pregnancy in ovariectomized rats , inhibits ovulation in rats and mice and stimulates endometrial transformation in the rabbit . 
Furthermore , drospirenone shows potent antigonadotropic , i . 
e . 
, testosterone-lowering activity in male cynomolgus monkeys . 
The progestogenic potency of drospirenone was found to be in the range of that of norethisterone acetate . 
The majority of clinically used progestogens are androgenic . 
Drospirenone , like progesterone , has no androgenic but rather an antiandrogenic effect . 
This property was demonstrated in castrated , testosterone propionate substituted male rats by a dose-dependent inhibition of accessory sex organ growth ( seminal vesicles , prostate ) . 
In this model , the potency of drospirenone was about a third that of cyproterone acetate . 
Drospirenone , like progesterone , shows antimineralocorticoid activity , which causes moderately increased sodium and water excretion . 
This is an outstanding characteristic which has not been described for any other synthetic progestogen before . 
Drospirenone is eight to ten times more effective in this respect than spironolactone . 
The natriuretic effect was demonstrable for at least three weeks upon daily treatment of rats with a dose of 10 mg / animal . 
Drospirenone is devoid of any estrogenic , glucocorticoid or antiglucocorticoid activity . 
In summary , drospirenone , like progesterone , combines potent progestogenic with antimineralocorticoid and antiandrogenic activity in a similar dose range . 
( ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS ) Basic evidence for epidermal H2O2 / ONOO--mediated oxidation / nitration in segmental vitiligo is supported by repigmentation of skin and eyelashes after reduction of epidermal H2O2 with topical NB-UVB-activated pseudocatalase PC-KUS . Effect of the genistein metabolite on leptin secretion in murine adipocytes in vitro . The effect of etonogestrel on VEGF , oestrogen and progesterone receptor immunoreactivity and endothelial cell number in human endometrium . Silymarin has been known to exert antioxidant , anti-carcinogenic and anti-inflammatory effects . 
In this study , we examined the effect of silymarin on gastritis in rats . 
Oral administration of silymarin dose-dependently decreased gastric lesions in ethanol-induced gastritis model . 
Silymarin also significantly suppressed the development of gastric lesions in aspirin- or water immersion-restraint stress-induced gastritis models . 
Further study demonstrated that the gastroprotective effect of silymarin was blocked by nitric oxide ( NO ) synthase inhibitor l-NAME , SH blocker N-ethylmaleimide or TRPV1 antagonist capsazepine in ethanol-induced gastritis model . 
In addition , ex vivo analysis revealed that ethanol-induced decrease in gastric mucus and non-protein sulfhydryl ( NPSH ) groups was significantly reversed by silymarin treatment and lipid peroxidation was also suppressed by silymarin in ethanol-induced gastritis model . 
Taken together , these results suggest that silymarin exerts gastroprotective effects and the gastroprotective effects of silymarin might be related to the protection of gastric mucosal NO and NP-SH and the modulation of capsaicin-sensitive gastric sensory afferents . Evidence has accumulated in the last few years that the expression of the microsomal / peroxidase antigen ( M / TPO-Ag ) in thyroid cells is induced by TSH , through pathways which involve intracellular cAMP accumulation and protein synthesis . 
These data have been found true in any thyroid system studied so far , both in terms of immunologic and enzymatic activity of TPO . 
TSH and cAMP also increase the levels of the specific mRNA for TPO in thyroid cells from different species . 
Whether this phenomenon is due to a direct transcriptional regulation of the TPO gene , as shown in dog thyroid cells , or to posttranscriptional effects , as it would appear in FRTL-5 cells , remains to be clarified by future experiments . 
Thyroid stimulating antibody ( TSAb ) of Graves' disease also stimulates the expression of M / TPO-Ag . 
This finding gives further support to the relevance of TSAb in the pathogenesis of hyperthyroidism and explains the well known observation that the "microsomal" antigen is particularly abundant in glands of Graves' patients . 
The modulation of M / TPO-Ag surface expression by TSH can explain the decrease of circulating anti-MAb observed during L-thyroxine therapy in hypothyroid patients with Hashimoto's thyroiditis . 
Other agents , such as methimazole and sodium iodide , which influence thyroid cell function , do not directly interfere with the expression of M / TPO-Ag . 
Cytokines , such as gamma-interferon , interleukin-1 , and interleukin-6 have been shown to inhibit the TSH-induced increase of TPO mRNA , but further investigations are required to elucidate the exact role of cytokines in the regulation of M / TPO-Ag expression . Comparison of ligand binding affinities at human I1-imidazoline binding sites and the high affinity state of alpha-2 adrenoceptor subtypes . Global gene deletion studies in mice and humans have established the pivotal role of runt related transcription factor-2 ( Runx2 ) in both intramembranous and endochondral ossification processes during skeletogenesis . 
In this study , we for the first time generated mice carrying a conditional Runx2 allele with exon 4 , which encodes the Runt domain , flanked by loxP sites . 
These mice were crossed with α1 ( I ) -collagen-Cre or α1 ( II ) -collagen-Cre transgenic mice to obtain osteoblast- or chondrocyte-specific Runx2 deficient mice , respectively . 
As seen in Runx2 ( - / - ) mice , perinatal lethality was observed in α1 ( II ) -Cre;Runx2 ( flox / flox ) mice , but this was not the case in animals in which α1 ( I ) -collagen-Cre was used to delete Runx2 . 
When using double staining with Alizarin red for mineralized matrix and Alcian blue for cartilaginous matrix , we observed previously that mineralization was totally absent at embryonic day 15 . 5 throughout the body in Runx2 ( - / - ) mice , but was found in areas undergoing intramembranous ossification such as skull and clavicles in α1 ( II ) -Cre;Runx2 ( flox / flox ) mice . 
In newborn α1 ( II ) -Cre;Runx2 ( flox / flox ) mice , mineralization impairment was restricted to skeletal areas undergoing endochondral ossification including long bones and vertebrae . 
In contrast , no apparent skeletal abnormalities were seen in mutant embryo , newborn , and 3- to 6-week old-mice in which Runx2 had been deleted with the α1 ( I ) -collagen-Cre driver . 
These results suggest that Runx2 is absolutely required for endochondral ossification during embryonic and postnatal skeletogenesis , but that disrupting its expression in already committed osteoblasts as achieved here with the α1 ( I ) -collagen-Cre driver does not affect overtly intramembranous and endochondral ossification . 
The Runx2 floxed allele established here is undoubtedly useful for investigating the role of Runx2 in particular cells . 
© 2013 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research . Transcriptional effectors of white adipocyte-selective gene expression have not been described . 
Here we show that TLE3 is a white-selective cofactor that acts reciprocally with the brown-selective cofactor Prdm16 to specify lipid storage and thermogenic gene programs . 
Occupancy of TLE3 and Prdm16 on certain promoters is mutually exclusive , due to the ability of TLE3 to disrupt the physical interaction between Prdm16 and PPARγ . 
When expressed at elevated levels in brown fat , TLE3 counters Prdm16 , suppressing brown-selective genes and inducing white-selective genes , resulting in impaired fatty acid oxidation and thermogenesis . 
Conversely , mice lacking TLE3 in adipose tissue show enhanced thermogenesis in inguinal white adipose depots and are protected from age-dependent deterioration of brown adipose tissue function . 
Our results suggest that the establishment of distinct adipocyte phenotypes with different capacities for thermogenesis and lipid storage is accomplished in part through the cell-type-selective recruitment of TLE3 or Prdm16 to key adipocyte target genes . Ischemic and hemorrhagic strokes have different etiologies , but share some pathogenic mechanisms , including a pro-neurotoxic effect of endogenous tissue plasminogen activator ( tPA ) via N-methyl-d-Aspartate ( NMDA ) receptors . 
Thus , in a model of intracerebral hemorrhage in rats , we investigated the therapeutic value of a strategy of immunotherapy ( αATD-GluN1 antibody ) preventing the interaction of tPA with NMDA receptors . 
We found that a single intravenous injection of αATD-GluN1 reduced brain edema , neuronal death , microglial activation and functional deficits following intracerebral hemorrhage , without affecting the hematoma volume . Synthesis of C17-OH-north unit of ritterazine G via "Red-Ox" modifications of hecogenin acetate . Hydrogen sulfide ( H ( 2 ) S ) is the third endogenous signaling gasotransmitter , following nitric oxide and carbon monoxide . 
It is physiologically generated by cystathionine-γ-lyase , cystathionine-β-synthase , and 3-mercaptopyruvate sulfurtransferase . 
H ( 2 ) S has been gaining increasing attention as an important endogenous signaling molecule because of its significant effects on the cardiovascular and nervous systems . 
Substantial evidence shows that H ( 2 ) S is involved in aging by inhibiting free-radical reactions , activating SIRT1 , and probably interacting with the age-related gene Klotho . 
Moreover , H ( 2 ) S has been shown to have therapeutic potential in age-associated diseases . 
This article provides an overview of the physiological functions and effects of H ( 2 ) S in aging and age-associated diseases , and proposes the potential health and therapeutic benefits of H ( 2 ) S . Validation of an in vitro exposure system for toxicity assessment of air-delivered nanomaterials . Dynamics of NO rebinding to the heme domain of NO synthase-like proteins from bacterial pathogens . This study examined the consequences of surface carboxylation of multiwalled carbon nanotubes ( MWCNT ) on bioactivity . 
Since commercial raw MWCNT contain impurities that may affect their bioactivity , HCl refluxing was exploited to purify raw "as-received" MWCNT by removing the amorphous carbon layer on the MWCNT surface and reducing the metal impurities ( e . 
g . 
Ni ) . 
The removal of amorphous carbon layer was confirmed by Raman spectroscopy and thermogravimetric analysis . 
Furthermore , the HCl-purified MWCNT provided more available reaction sites , leading to enhanced sidewall functionalization . 
The sidewall of HCl-purified MWCNT was further functionalized with the -COOH moiety by HNO ( 3 ) oxidation . 
This process resulted in four distinct MWCNT : raw , purified , -COOH-terminated raw MWCNT , and -COOH-terminated purified MWCNT . 
Freshly isolated alveolar macrophages from C57Bl / 6 mice were exposed to these nanomaterials to determine the effects of the surface chemistry on the bioactivity in terms of cell viability and inflammasome activation . 
Inflammasome activation was confirmed using inhibitors of cathepsin B and Caspase-1 . 
Purification reduced the cell toxicity and inflammasome activation slightly compared to raw MWCNT . 
In contrast , functionalization of MWCNT with the -COOH group dramatically reduced the cytotoxicity and inflammasome activation . 
Similar results were seen using THP-1 cells supporting their potential use for high-throughput screening . 
This study demonstrated that the toxicity and bioactivity of MWCNT were diminished by removal of the Ni contamination and / or addition of -COOH groups to the sidewalls . We investigated whether HLA-A*24 typing complements screening for HLA-DQ and for antibodies ( Abs ) against insulin , GAD , IA-2 ( IA-2A ) , and zinc transporter-8 ( ZnT8A ) for prediction of rapid progression to type 1 diabetes ( T1D ) . 
Persistently Ab ( + ) siblings / offspring ( n = 288; aged 0-39 years ) of T1D patients were genotyped for HLA-DQA1-DQB1 and HLA-A*24 and monitored for development of diabetes within 5 years of first Ab ( + ) . 
HLA-A*24 ( P = 0 . 009 ) , HLA-DQ2 / DQ8 ( P = 0 . 001 ) , and positivity for IA-2A ± ZnT8A ( P < 0 . 001 ) were associated with development of T1D in multivariate analysis . 
The 5-year risk increased with the number of the above three markers present ( n = 0 : 6%; n = 1 : 18%; n = 2 : 46%; n = 3 : 100% ) . 
Positivity for one or more markers identified a subgroup of 171 ( 59% ) containing 88% of rapid progressors . 
The combined presence of HLA-A*24 and IA-2A ( + ) ± ZnT8A ( + ) defined a subgroup of 18 ( 6% ) with an 82% diabetes risk . 
Among IA-2A ( + ) ± ZnT8A ( + ) relatives , identification of HLA-A*24 carriers in addition to HLA-DQ2 / DQ8 carriers increased screening sensitivity for relatives at high Ab- and HLA-inferred risk ( 64% progression; P = 0 . 002 ) . 
In conclusion , HLA-A*24 independently predicts rapid progression to T1D in Ab ( + ) relatives and complements IA-2A , ZnT8A , and HLA-DQ2 / DQ8 for identifying participants in immunointervention trials . Endocrine disrupting effects of ochratoxin A at the level of nuclear receptor activation and steroidogenesis . Hormonal therapy of prostate cancer . OBJECTIVE : We evaluated prevalence and severity of angiographic coronary artery disease ( CAD ) according to groups by metabolically obese ( MO ) and / or weight status . 
MATERIAL / METHODS : Normal weight was defined as body mass index ( BMI , kg / m ( 2 ) ) <25 and obesity was defined as BMI≥25 . 
The MO was determined using the National Cholesterol Education Program-Adult Treatment Panel III classification with Korean-specific cutoffs for abdominal obesity . 
Therefore , a total of 856 subjects were categorized as follows : ( 1 ) metabolically healthy and normal weight ( MHNW ) ; ( 2 ) metabolically obese but normal weight ( MONW ) ; ( 3 ) metabolically healthy but obese ( MHO ) ; and ( 4 ) metabolically abnormally obese ( MAO ) . 
The presence of obstructive lesion≥50% of coronary artery was considered as an angiographic CAD and the Gensini scoring system was used for the severity . 
RESULTS : MONW or MO showed a higher prevalence of CAD than MHNW or non-MO after adjustment for age and sex , respectively ( MONW , odds ratio [ OR ] = 1 . 69 , 95% confidence interval [ CI ] : 1 . 13-2 . 51 and MO , OR = 1 . 44 , 95% CI : 1 . 09-1 . 91 ) . 
In subjects without diabetes mellitus ( DM ) , MONW or MO showed a marginally higher prevalence of CAD ( MONW , OR = 1 . 58 , 95% CI : 0 . 96-2 . 61 and MO , OR = 1 . 41 , 95% CI : 0 . 96-2 . 08 ) . 
MONW was independently associated with a higher severity of angiographic CAD than MHNW after age , sex , glomerular filtration rate , smoking status , high sensitive C-reactive protein , and use of anti-platelet and anti-angina drugs ( β = 0 . 118 , P = 0 . 005 ) . 
And MO was associated with a higher severity of angiographic CAD than non-MO after adjustment for age and sex ( β = 0 . 077 , P = 0 . 024 ) . 
The above associations were also consistent in subjects without DM ( MONW , β = 0 . 147 , P = 0 . 003 and MO , β = 0 . 129 , P = 0 . 005 ) . 
CONCLUSIONS : MONW or MO is associated with both the prevalence and severity of angiographic CAD after adjustment for age and sex and MONW is independently associated with the severity of angiographic CAD irrespective of DM . 
Therefore , subjects with MO but normal weight ( MONW ) should be carefully examined for angiographic CAD . Regucalcin ( RGN / SMP30 ) was originally discovered in 1978 as a unique calcium-binding protein that does not contain the EF-hand motif of calcium-binding domain . 
The regucalcin gene ( rgn ) is localized on the X chromosome and is identified in over 15 species consisting the regucalcin family . 
Regucalcin has been shown to play a multifunctional role in cell regulation; maintaining of intracellular calcium homeostasis and suppressing of signal transduction , translational protein synthesis , nuclear deoxyribonucleic acid ( DNA ) and ribonucleic acid ( RNA ) synthesis , proliferation , and apoptosis in many cell types . 
Moreover , regucalcin may play a pathophysiological role in metabolic disorder . 
The expression of regucalcin is stimulated through the action of insulin in liver cells in vitro and in vivo and it is decreased in the liver of rats with type I diabetes induced by streptozotocin administration in vivo . 
Overexpression of endogenous regucalcin stimulates glucose utilization and lipid production in liver cells with glucose supplementation in vitro . 
Regucalcin reveals insulin resistance in liver cells . 
Deficiency of regucalcin induces an impairment of glucose tolerance and lipid accumulation in the liver of mice in vivo . 
Overexpression of endogenous regucalcin has been shown to decrease triglyceride , total cholesterol and glycogen contents in the liver of rats , inducing hyperlipidemia . 
Leptin and adiponectin mRNA expressions in the liver tissues are decreased in regucalcin transgenic rats . 
Decrease in hepatic regucalcin is associated with the development and progression of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and fibrosis in human patients . 
Regucalcin may be a key molecule in lipid metabolic disorder and diabetes . Total synthesis of AMF-26 , an antitumor agent for inhibition of the Golgi system , targeting ADP-ribosylation factor 1 . Profiling of oxidized lipid products of marine fish under acute oxidative stress . Sulfur mustard ( SM ) is a vesicant chemical warfare and terrorism agent . 
Besides skin and eye injury , respiratory damage has been mainly responsible for morbidity and mortality after SM exposure . 
Previously , it was shown that suppressing the death receptor ( DR ) response by the dominant-negative Fas-associated death domain protein prior to SM exposure blocked apoptosis and microvesication in skin . 
Here , we studied whether antagonizing the Fas receptor ( FasR ) pathway by small-interfering RNA ( siRNA ) applied after SM exposure would prevent apoptosis and , thus , airway injury . 
Normal human bronchial / tracheal epithelial ( NHBE ) cells were used as an in vitro model with FasR siRNA , FasR agonistic antibody CH11 , and FasR antagonistic antibody ZB4 as investigative tools . 
In NHBE cells , both SM ( 300 µM ) and CH11 ( 100 ng / ml ) induced caspase-3 activation , which was inhibited by FasR siRNA and ZB4 , indicating that SM-induced apoptosis was via the Fas response . 
FasR siRNA inhibited SM-induced caspase-3 activation when added to NHBE cultures up to 8 hours after SM . 
Results using annexin V / propidium iodide-stained cells showed that both apoptosis and necrosis were involved in cell death due to SM; FasR siRNA decreased both apoptotic and necrotic cell populations . 
Bronchoalveolar lavage fluid ( BALF ) of rats exposed to SM ( 1 mg / kg , 50 minutes ) revealed a significant ( P < 0 . 05 ) increase in soluble Fas ligand and active caspase-3 in BALF cells . 
These findings suggest an intervention of Fas-mediated apoptosis as a postexposure therapeutic strategy with a therapeutic window for SM inhalation injury and possibly other respiratory diseases involving the Fas response . Abstract Vegetable-based diets have generally focused on their health benefits including negative associations with the serum cholesterol concentrations . 
The aim of this study was to investigate whether serum lipid concentrations are influenced by the amount of kimchi intake . 
For the study , 100 volunteers were assigned to 2 dietary groups , low ( 15 g / day , n = 50 ) and high ( 210 g / day , n = 50 ) kimchi intake , and were housed together in a dormitory for 7 days . 
Identical meals except with different amount of kimchi were provided and subjects were instructed to maintain their normal physical activity . 
Concentrations of fasting blood glucose ( FBG ) , total glucose , total cholesterol and low density lipoprotein ( LDL ) -C significantly decreased in both groups after 7 days of kimchi intake , but the effects were dose dependent . 
Lipid lowering effects of kimchi were more profound in the subjects with total cholesterol and LDL-C level over 190 and 130 mg / dL , respectively , in both groups . 
FBG was significantly decreased in the high kimchi intake as compared to the low intake group ( P = . 003 ) . 
In conclusion , greater consumption of kimchi improved FBG and serum total cholesterol in young healthy adults . Hypoxemia associated with cimetidine therapy in a newborn infant . Interspecies variation in the metabolism of zoniporide by aldehyde oxidase . Prokinetic effects of a new ghrelin receptor agonist TZP-101 in a rat model of postoperative ileus . 5-Hydroxytryptamine ( 5-HT ) activates colonic splanchnic afferents , a mechanism by which it has been implicated in generating symptoms in postinfectious and postinflammatory states in humans . 
Here we compared mechanisms of colonic afferent activation by 5-HT and mechanical stimuli in normal and inflamed rat colon , and after recovery from inflammation . 
Colonic inflammation was induced in rats by dextran sulphate sodium . 
Single-fibre recordings of colonic lumbar splanchnic afferents revealed that 58% of endings responded to 5-HT ( 10 ( -4 ) m ) in controls , 88% in acute inflammation ( P<0 . 05 ) and 75% after 21 days recovery ( P < 0 . 05 versus control ) . 
Maximal responses to 5-HT were also larger , and the estimated EC50 was reduced from 3 . 2 x 10 ( -6 ) to 8 x 10 ( -7 ) m in acute inflammation and recovered to 2 x 10 ( -6 ) m after recovery . 
Responsiveness to mechanical stimulation was unaffected . 
5-HT3 receptor antagonism with alosetron reduced responses to 5-HT in controls but not during inflammation . 
Responses to the mast cell degranulator 48 / 80 mimicked those to 5-HT in inflamed tissue but not in controls , and more 5-HT-containing mast cells were seen close to calcitonin gene-related peptide-containing fibres in inflamed serosa . 
We conclude that colonic serosal and mesenteric endings exhibit increased sensitivity to 5-HT in inflammation , with both an increase in proportion of responders and an increase in sensitivity , which is maintained after healing of inflammation . 
This is associated with alterations in the roles of 5-HT3 receptors and mast cells . Based on detailed , high level ab initio calculations on a number of halogenated compounds of second row , late p-block elements , the SFn , ClFn , PFn , SCln , and SFnCl families , we found that a new type of bond - the recoupled pair bond - accounts for the ability of these elements to form hypervalent , or hypercoordinated , compounds . 
Hypervalent molecules are formed when it is energetically favorable for the electrons in a lone pair orbital to be recoupled , allowing each of the electrons to form chemical bonds with ligands . 
In this paper , we characterize the structures and energetics of the ground and low-lying excited states of the ClFn ( + ) ( n = 1-6 ) ions , using high level ab initio methods [ MRCI , CCSD ( T ) / RCCSD ( T ) ] with large correlation consistent basis sets . 
We computed a number of quantities , including ClFn ( + ) structures , bond dissociation energies and ClFn ionization energies , and compare our results with the available experimental data . 
Both the bond dissociation energies and ionization energies oscillate , variations that are readily explained using the recoupled pair bonding model . 
Comparisons are drawn between the ClFn ( + ) cations and their counterparts in the isoelectronic SFn series , which possess many similarities . 
We found two significant differences between the ClFn ( + ) and SFn series : ( i ) the bond dissociation energies of ClFn ( + ) are much weaker than those of the corresponding SFn species , and ( ii ) there is no stable ( 3 ) A2 state in ClF2 ( + ) corresponding to the stable state found in SF2 . 
Examination of the Mulliken populations at the HF / AVTZ level for ClFn ( + ) and SFn species predicts that the F atom in the axial ( recoupled pair bonding ) position is more highly charged than the F atom in the equatorial ( covalent bonding ) position; there is also less change transfer to the F atoms in ClFn ( + ) than in SFn . 
The positive charge on Cl ( + ) makes it more difficult for an F atom to attract electrons from Cl ( + ) than from S and correspondingly less favorable to recouple the electrons in the lone pair orbitals in the ClFn ( + ) species . Bombesin receptor subtype-3 ( BRS-3 ) , a novel candidate as therapeutic molecular target in obesity and diabetes . Differential anti-ischemic efficacy and therapeutic time window of trans- and cis-hinokiresinols : Stereo-specific antioxidant and anti-inflammatory activities . Effects of insulin-like growth factor-1 on neurochemical phenotypes of cultured dorsal root ganglion neurons with excitotoxicity induced by glutamate . PF-04859989 as a template for structure-based drug design : identification of new pyrazole series of irreversible KAT II inhibitors with improved lipophilic efficiency . Loperamide , an opiate analog , differently modifies the adrenocorticotropin responses to corticotropin-releasing hormone and lysine vasopressin in patients with Addison's disease . Serotonergic neurotransmission is mediated by at least 14 subtypes of 5-HT receptors . 
Among these , the CNS serotonin receptor 7 ( 5-HTR7 ) is involved in diverse physiological processes . 
Here we show that treatment of murine striatal and cortical neuronal cultures with 5-HTR7 agonists ( 8-OH-DPAT and LP-211 ) significantly enhances neurite outgrowth . 
This effect is abolished by the selective 5-HTR7 antagonist SB-269970 , by the ERK inhibitor U0126 , by the cyclin-dependent kinase 5 ( Cdk5 ) inhibitor roscovitine , as well as by cycloheximide , an inhibitor of protein synthesis . 
These data indicate that 5-HTR7 activation stimulates extensive neurite elongation in CNS primary cultures , subserved by ERK and Cdk5 activation , and de novo protein synthesis . 
Two-dimensional ( 2D ) gel electrophoresis coupled to Western blot analyses reveals both qualitative and quantitative expression changes in selected cytoskeletal proteins , following treatment of striatal primary cultures with LP-211 . 
In particular , the 34 kDa isoform of MAP1B is selectively expressed in stimulated cultures , consistent with a role of this protein in tubulin polymerization and neurite elongation . 
In summary , our results show that agonist-dependent activation of the endogenous 5-HTR7 in CNS neuronal primary cultures stimulates ERK- and Cdk5-dependent neurite outgrowth , sustained by modifications of cytoskeletal proteins . 
These data support the hypothesis that the 5-HTR7 might play a crucial role in shaping neuronal morphology and behaviorally relevant neuronal networks , paving the way to new approaches able to modulate CNS connectivity . Failure of glycine site NMDA receptor antagonists to protect against L-2-chloropropionic acid-induced neurotoxicity highlights the uniqueness of cerebellar NMDA receptors . Fluvastatin ameliorates endotoxin induced multiple organ failure in conscious rats . Estradiol , the most potent endogenous estrogen , is biosynthesized from androgens by the cytochrome P450 enzyme complex called aromatase . 
Aromatase is present in breast tissue , and intratumoral aromatase is the source of local estrogen production in breast cancer tissues . 
Inhibition of aromatase is an important approach for reducing growth-stimulatory effects of estrogens in estrogen-dependent breast cancer . 
Steroidal inhibitors that have been developed to date build upon the basic androstenedione nucleus and incorporate chemical substituents at varying positions on the steroid . 
Nonsteroidal aromatase inhibitors can be divided into three classes : aminoglutethimide-like molecules , imidazole / triazole derivatives , and flavonoid analogs . 
Mechanism-based aromatase inhibitors are steroidal inhibitors that mimic the substrate , are converted by the enzyme to a reactive intermediate , and result in the inactivation of aromatase . 
Both steroidal and nonsteroidal aromatase inhibitors have shown clinical efficacy in the treatment of breast cancer . 
The potent and selective third-generation aromatase inhibitors , anastrozole , letrozole , and exemestane , were introduced into the market as endocrine therapy in postmenopausal patients failing antiestrogen therapy alone or multiple hormonal therapies . 
These agents are currently approved as first-line therapy for the treatment of postmenopausal women with metastatic estrogen-dependent breast cancer . 
Several clinical studies of aromatase inhibitors are currently focusing on the use of these agents in the adjuvant setting for the treatment of early breast cancer . 
Use of an aromatase inhibitor as initial therapy or after treatment with tamoxifen is now recommended as adjuvant hormonal therapy for a postmenopausal woman with hormone-dependent breast cancer . Potentiation of inhibitory gamma-aminobutyric acid subtype A ( GABA ( A ) ) receptor function is involved in the mechanisms of anesthetic action . 
The present study examined the immobilizing action of the volatile anesthetic isoflurane in mice with double knockout ( DKO ) of phospholipase C-related inactive protein ( PRIP ) -1 and -2 . 
Both of these proteins play important roles in the expression of GABA ( A ) receptors containing the gamma2 subunit on the neuronal cell surface . 
Immunohistochemistry for GABA ( A ) receptor subunits demonstrated reduced expression of gamma2 subunits in the spinal cord of the DKO mice . 
Immunohistochemistry also revealed up-regulation of the alpha1 and beta3 subunits even though there were no apparent differences in the immunoreactivities for the beta2 subunits between wild-type and DKO mice . 
The tail-clamp method was used to evaluate the anesthetic / immobilizing effect of isoflurane and the minimum alveolar concentration ( MAC ) was significantly lower in DKO mice compared with wild-type controls ( 1 . 07 + / -0 . 01% versus 1 . 36 + / -0 . 04% atm ) , indicating an increased sensitivity to isoflurane in DKO mice . 
These immunohistochemical and pharmacological findings suggest that reduced expression of the GABA ( A ) receptor gamma2 subunit affects the composition and function of spinal GABA ( A ) receptors and potentiates the immobilizing action of isoflurane . Pro-inflammatory properties and neutrophil activation by Helicobacter pylori urease . Tocopherol-associated protein-1 accelerates apoptosis induced by alpha-tocopheryl succinate in mesothelioma cells . Botulinum toxin type A targets RhoB to inhibit lysophosphatidic acid-stimulated actin reorganization and acetylcholine release in nerve growth factor-treated PC12 cells . Discovery of liver-targeted inhibitors of stearoyl-CoA desaturase ( SCD1 ) . Inhibition of platelet receptors involved in neutrophil-platelet interaction in model cardiopulmonary bypass . Bicarbonate-dependent chloride secretion in Calu-3 epithelia in response to 7 , 8-benzoquinoline . A Distal Enhancer Controls Cytokine-dependent Human cPLA2α Gene Expression . Cysteamine and the endocrine pancreas : immunocytochemical , immunochemical , and functional aspects . Betaxolol , a beta ( 1 ) -adrenoceptor antagonist used for the treatment of glaucoma , is known to be neuroprotective in paradigms of ischaemia / excitotoxicity . 
In this study , we examined whether betaxolol and other beta-adrenoceptor antagonists interact directly with neurotoxin binding to sites 1 and 2 of the voltage-sensitive sodium channel ( Na ( + ) channel ) in rat cerebrocortical synaptosomes . 
Betaxolol inhibited specific [ ( 3 ) H ] -batrachotoxinin-A 20-alpha-benzoate ( [ ( 3 ) H ] -BTX-B ) binding to neurotoxin site 2 in a concentration-dependent manner with an IC ( 50 ) value of 9 . 8 microM . 
Comparison of all the beta-adrenoceptor antagonists tested revealed a potency order of propranolol>betaxolol approximately levobetaxolol>levobunolol approximately carteolol> / = timolol>atenolol . 
None of the drugs caused a significant inhibition of [ ( 3 ) H ] -saxitoxin binding to neurotoxin receptor site 1 , even at concentrations as high as 250 microM . 
Saturation experiments showed that betaxolol increased the K ( D ) of [ ( 3 ) H ] -BTX-B binding but had no effect on the B ( max ) . 
The association kinetics of [ ( 3 ) H ] -BTX-B were unaffected by betaxolol , but the drug significantly accelerated the dissociation rate of the radioligand . 
These findings argue for a competitive , indirect , allosteric mode of inhibition of [ ( 3 ) H ] -BTX-B binding by betaxolol . 
Betaxolol inhibited veratridine-stimulated Na ( + ) influx in rat cortical synaptosomes with an IC ( 50 ) value of 28 . 
3 microM . 
Carteolol , levobunolol , timolol and atenolol were significantly less effective than betaxolol at reducing veratridine-evoked Na ( + ) influx . 
The ability of betaxolol to interact with neurotoxin site 2 of the Na ( + ) channel and inhibit Na ( + ) influx may have a role in its neuroprotective action in paradigms of excitotoxicity / ischaemia and in its therapeutic effect in glaucoma . β-Galactosidase ( lacZ ) has bifunctional activity . 
It hydrolyzes lactose to galactose and glucose and catalyzes the intramolecular isomerization of lactose to allolactose , the lac operon inducer . 
β-Galactosidase promotes the isomerization by means of an acceptor site that binds glucose after its cleavage from lactose and thus delays its exit from the site . 
However , because of its relatively low affinity for glucose , details of this site have remained elusive . 
We present structural data mapping the glucose site based on a substituted enzyme ( G794A-β-galactosidase ) that traps allolactose . 
Various lines of evidence indicate that the glucose of the trapped allolactose is in the acceptor position . 
The evidence includes structures with Bis-Tris ( 2 , 2-bis ( hydroxymethyl ) -2 , 2' , 2″-nitrilotriethanol ) and l-ribose in the site and kinetic binding studies with substituted β-galactosidases . 
The site is composed of Asn-102 , His-418 , Lys-517 , Ser-796 , Glu-797 , and Trp-999 . 
Ser-796 and Glu-797 are part of a loop ( residues 795-803 ) that closes over the active site . 
This loop appears essential for the bifunctional nature of the enzyme because it helps form the glucose binding site . 
In addition , because the loop is mobile , glucose binding is transient , allowing the release of some glucose . 
Bioinformatics studies showed that the residues important for interacting with glucose are only conserved in a subset of related enzymes . 
Thus , intramolecular isomerization is not a universal feature of β-galactosidases . 
Genomic analyses indicated that lac repressors were co-selected only within the conserved subset . 
This shows that the glucose binding site of β-galactosidase played an important role in lac operon evolution . Epigenetic reactivation of Nrf2 in murine prostate cancer TRAMP C1 cells by natural phytochemicals Z-ligustilide and Radix angelica sinensis via promoter CpG demethylation . Two populations of glucocorticoid receptor-binding sites in the male rat hippocampal genome . Moderate elevations in blood pressure translate to significant increases in cardiovascular and cerebro vascular risk . 
Beneficially , this relationship allows small decreases in blood pressure to be associated with risk reduction . 
Both the renin-angiotensin system and the sympathetic nervous system are involved in hypertension , hence targeting these systems is likely to be of benefit in the treatment of hypertension . 
Angiotensin II type 1 receptor blockers ( ARBs ) are used for controlling blood pressure and treating heart failure in a broad range of patients , including those with diabetes and the elderly . 
Not only have ARBs shown good efficacy and tolerability , they also appear to have a protective effect that goes beyond that expected from the reduction of blood pressure . 
The ARB eprosartan is a nonbiphenyl nontetrazole angiotensin II type 1 receptor ( AT1 ) antagonist , which acts to decrease total peripheral resistance . 
Eprosartan acts at vascular AT1 receptors ( postsynaptically ) and at presynaptic AT1 receptors , where it inhibits noradrenaline release . 
In clinical studies , eprosartan has been shown to significantly reduce cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events , whilst avoiding the persistent cough that commonly occurs with the use of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors . 
Eprosartan can also be differentiated from other ARBs due to its noradrenergic effects , which other ARBs used at therapeutic doses do not possess . 
Eprosartan , therefore , represents a useful therapeutic option in the management of patients with hypertension , including those with a history of stroke or with co-morbid type 2 diabetes mellitus . Protein recognition of the S23906-1-DNA adduct by nuclear proteins : direct involvement of glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase ( GAPDH ) 1 . BACKGROUND : There have been many studies of the effect of high-dose supplementation of vitamin B6 on children and adults with autism , with all but one reporting benefits . 
OBJECTIVE : The aim of this study was to investigate the biochemical basis for vitamin B6 therapy by measuring the level of total vitamin B6 in the plasma of unsupplemented children with autism spectrum disorder compared to unsupplemented control subjects . 
PARTICIPANTS : Children with autism spectrum disorders ( n = 35 , age 3-9 years ) and unrelated typical children ( n = 11 , age 6-9 years ) , all from Arizona , were studied . 
( This includes the data from 24 children with autism from our previous study . 
) METHODOLOGY : A microbiologic assay was used to measure the level of total vitamin B6 ( including phosphorylated and unphosphorylated forms ) , in a blinded fashion . 
RESULTS : Children with autism had a 75% higher level of total vitamin B6 than the controls ( medians of 56 versus 32 ng / mL , respectively , p = 0 . 00002 ) . 
Most of the autistic children ( 77% ) had levels that were more than 2 standard deviations above the median value of the controls . 
The autistic girls ( n = 5 ) also had elevated levels ( mean of 54 . 6 ng / mL , median of 60 ng / mL ) . 
DISCUSSION : These results are consistent with previous studies that found that : ( 1 ) pyridoxal kinase had a very low activity in children with autism and ( 2 ) pyridoxal 5 phosphate ( PLP ) levels are unusually low in children with autism . 
Thus , it appears that the low conversion of pyridoxal and pyridoxine to PLP results in low levels of PLP , which is the active cofactor for 113 known enzymatic reactions , including the formation of many key neurotransmitters . 
CONCLUSIONS : Total vitamin B6 is abnormally high in autism , consistent with previous reports of an impaired pyridoxal kinase for the conversion of pyridoxine and pyridoxal to PLP . 
This may explain the many published studies of benefits of high-dose vitamin B6 supplementation in some children and adults with autism . Novel small molecules as apoptosis inducers : synthesis , preliminary structure-activity relationships , and in vitro biological evaluation . The psychopharmacology of ziprasidone : receptor-binding properties and real-world psychiatric practice . Lyprinol exhibits anti-inflammatory activity distinct from that of most NSAIDs , controlling chronic but not acute inflammation . 
Unlike Cox-1 inhibitors ( aspirin , meclofenamic acid ) it is not gastro-toxic . 
Predosing rats with Lyprinol can modify both ( i ) the spontaneous and ( ii ) the oxytocin-induced contractions of the uterus . 
In humans there is anecdotal evidence that Lyprinol can relieve dysmenorrhea . 
This report explores the concept that the uterotrophic actions of Lyprinol are conditioned by : the intrinsic profile of estrogenic hormones and progestagens and , certain extrinsic stimuli . 
Evidence from in vitro studies indicates that Lyprinol is not a smooth muscle relaxant and that its uterotrophic mechanism is not that of a cyclo-oxygenase inhibitor , but may mimic that of a leukotriene receptor antagonist . A search for sequences homologous to the neurotensin receptor cDNA in a rat hypothalamic library has identified a novel neurotensin receptor ( NTR-2 ) . 
The 1539 bp cDNA encodes a 416 amino acid protein and shows highest homology to the previously cloned neurotensin receptor ( NTR-1 ) ( 64% homology and 43% identity ) . 
Binding and pharmacological studies demonstrate that NTR-2 expressed in COS cells recognizes neurotensin ( NT ) with high affinity as well as several other agonists and antagonists . 
However , a fundamental difference was found; unlike NTR-1 , NTR-2 recognizes , with high affinity , levocabastine , a histamine H1 receptor antagonist previously shown to compete with NT for low-affinity binding sites in brain . Gallium and other main group metal compounds as antitumor agents . A Dual Enzyme Microgel with High Antioxidant Ability Based on Engineered Seleno-Ferritin and Artificial Superoxide Dismutase . The transcription factor cyclic AMP responsive element binding protein ( CREB ) and activating transcription factors ( ATFs ) are downstream components of the insulin / IGF cascade , playing crucial roles in maintaining cell viability and embryo survival . 
One of the CREB target genes is adiponectin which acts synergistically with insulin . 
We have studied the CREB-ATF-adiponectin network in rabbit preimplantation development in vivo and in vitro . 
From the blastocyst stage onwards CREB and ATF1 , 3 and 4 are present with increasing expression for CREB , ATF1 and 3 during gastrulation and with a dominant expression in the embryoblast ( EB ) . 
In vitro stimulation with insulin and IGF1 reduced CREB and ATF1 transcripts by approx . 
50% , while CREB phosphorylation was increased . 
Activation of CREB was accompanied by subsequent reduction in adiponectin and adiponectin receptor 1 ( adipoR1 ) expression . 
Under in vivo conditions of diabetes type 1 , maternal adiponectin levels were up-regulated in serum and endometrium . 
Embryonic CREB expression was altered in a cell lineage-specific pattern . 
While in EB cells CREB localization did not change , it was translocated from the nucleus into the cytosol in trophoblast ( TB ) cells . 
In TB adiponectin expression was increased [ diabetic 427 . 8±59 . 3 pg / ml versus normoinsulinaemic 143 . 9±26 . 5 pg / ml ] , while it was no longer measureable in the EB . 
Analysis of embryonic adiponectin receptors showed an increased expression of adipoR1 and no changes in adipoR2 transcription . 
We conclude that the transcription factors CREB and ATFs vitally participate in embryo-maternal crosstalk prior to implantation in a cell lineage-specific manner . 
Embryonic CREB / ATFs act as insulin / IGF sensors . 
Lack of insulin is compensated by a CREB-mediated adiponectin expression which may maintain glucose uptake in blastocysts grown in diabetic mothers . Modulation of TNF and GM-CSF release from dispersed human nasal polyp cells and human whole blood by inhibitors of different PDE isoenzymes and glucocorticoids . Maternal exposure to airborne particulate matter causes postnatal immunological dysfunction in mice offspring . Nicotinic-receptor potentiator drugs , huprine X and galantamine , increase ACh release by blocking AChE activity but not acting on nicotinic receptors . Assessing the Accuracy and Performance of Implicit Solvent Models for Drug Molecules : Conformational Ensemble Approaches . We characterised 62 non-diabetic , middle-aged , Caucasians with and without the T risk allele of rs7903146 in transcription factor 7-like 2 ( TCF7L2 ) with regard to secretion of insulin , glucagon , glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide ( GIP ) , glucagon-like peptide-1 ( GLP-1 ) as well as insulin sensitivity and endogenous glucose production . 
All participants had a 3-h oral glucose tolerance test ( OGTT ) , an intravenous glucose tolerance test and a euglycaemic , hyperinsulinaemic clamp . 
After adjustment for age and sex , risk T allele carriers had higher haemoglobin A1c levels ( p = 0 . 030 ) , reduced first-phase insulin response ( p = 0 . 048 ) , higher peripheral insulin sensitivity ( p = 0 . 050 ) and lower fasting GIP concentrations ( p = 0 . 003 ) than CC allele carriers . 
The latter was also reflected by lower total GIP secretion during the OGTT ( p = 0 . 018 ) . 
We found no significant differences in endogenous glucose production , hepatic insulin sensitivity or fasting concentrations of glucose , insulin , glucagon and GLP-1 between the groups . 
The findings suggest that the effect of TCF7L2 on diabetes risk may include reduced secretion of GIP . Two new C-15 enolic acyl phragmalin-type limonoids from Chukrasia tabularis var . 
velutina . Administration of a high-dose regimen of methamphetamine ( METH ) rapidly and profoundly decreases plasmalemmal and vesicular dopamine ( DA ) transport in the striatum , as assessed in synaptosomes and purified vesicles , respectively . 
To determine whether these responses were common to other amphetamines of abuse , effects of methylenedioxymethamphetamine ( MDMA ) on the plasmalemmal DA transporter ( DAT ) and vesicular monoamine transporter-2 ( VMAT-2 ) were assessed . 
Similar to effects of METH reported previously , multiple high-dose MDMA administrations rapidly ( within 1 h ) decreased plasmalemmal DA uptake , as assessed ex vivo in synaptosomes prepared from treated rats . 
Unlike effects of multiple METH injections , this deficit was reversed completely 24 h after drug treatment . 
Also in contrast to effects of multiple METH injections , 1 ) MDMA caused little or no decrease in binding of the DAT ligand WIN35428 , and 2 ) neither prevention of hyperthermia nor prior depletion of DA prevented the MDMA-induced reduction in plasmalemmal DA transport . 
However , a role for phosphorylation was suggested because pretreatment with protein kinase C inhibitors attenuated the deficit caused by MDMA in an in vitro model system . 
In addition to affecting DAT function , MDMA rapidly decreased vesicular DA transport as assessed in striatal vesicles prepared from treated rats . 
Unlike effects of multiple METH injections reported previously , this decrease partially recovered by 24 h after drug treatment . 
Taken together , these results reveal several differences between effects of MDMA and previously reported METH on DAT and VMAT-2; differences that may underlie the dissimilar neurotoxic profile of these agents . Involvement of riboflavin kinase expression in cellular sensitivity against cisplatin . Mimicking hybrid extracellular matrix is one of the main challenges for bone tissue engineering ( BTE ) . 
Biocompatible polycaprolactone / poly ( α , β ) -DL-aspartic acid / collagen nanofibrous scaffolds were fabricated by electrospinning and nanohydroxyapatite ( n-HA ) was deposited by calcium phosphate dipping method for BTE . 
Human mesenchymal stem cells ( hMSCs ) were cultured on these hybrid scaffolds to investigate the cell proliferation , osteogenic differentiation by alkaline phosphatase activity , mineralization , double immunofluorescent staining using CD90 and expression of osteocalcin . 
The present study indicated that the PCL / PAA / collagen / n-HA scaffolds promoted greater osteogenic differentiation of hMSCs , proving to be a potential hybrid scaffolds for BTE . Cooperative effects for CYP2E1 differ between styrene and its metabolites . Balancing societal needs and regulatory certainty : the case study of peramivir in Japan . ETHNOPHARMACOLOGICAL RELEVANCE : The YiQiFuMai injection ( YQFM ) is a traditional Chinese medicine for the treatment of chronic heart failure ( CHF ) . 
The present study not only evaluated the cardioprotective effect and anti-inflammatory mechanism of the YQFM injection in an experimental model of CHF but also investigated its bioactive constituents in vitro . 
MATERIALS AND METHODS : The left anterior descending coronary artery ( LAD ) in rats was ligated to make an animal model of CHF . 
From this , electrocardiographic parameters and exterior signs of rat hearts were recorded . 
Additionally , the histopathology of heart tissues was examined , and parameters of inflammatory stress were measured . 
Experiments were performed over two months in LAD-ligation rats treated with YQFM or vehicle . 
Treatment with Captopril was used as a positive control , which has previously been shown to prevent CHF , and rats without LAD-ligation were used as a negative control . 
Furthermore , we screened and identified potential anti-inflammatory constituents by ultra-performance liquid chromatography / quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry ( UPLC / Q-TOF-MS ) combined with NF-κB activity luciferase reporter assay systems . 
Further cytokine detection confirmed the anti-inflammatory effects of the potential NF-κB inhibitors from YQFM . 
RESULTS : The administration of YQFM significantly improved cardiac function and ameliorated the activity level of inflammatory mediators ( such as tumor necrosis factor-alpha , interleukin-6 , and interleukin-1β ) in CHF rats . 
Eight potential anti-inflammatory ingredients , ginsenosides Rb1 , Rg1 , Rf , Rh1 , Rc , Rb2 , Ro , and Rg3 , were characterized and confirmed . 
Among these compounds , ginsenoside Ro was revealed as a new NF-κB inhibitor . 
CONCLUSION : The results suggested that NF-κB inactivation and cytokine suppression might be one of the main mechanisms of YQFM that caused ameliorative effects in CHF rats , and the major constituents of ginsenosides were identified playing a key role in the treatment of CHF . The action of piperine ( the pungent component of pepper ) and its derivative SCT-66 ( ( 2E , 4E ) -5- ( 1 , 3-benzodioxol-5-yl ) ) -N , N-diisobutyl-2 , 4-pentadienamide ) on different gamma-aminobutyric acid ( GABA ) type A ( GABAA ) receptors , transient-receptor-potential-vanilloid-1 ( TRPV1 ) receptors and behavioral effects were investigated . 
GABAA receptor subtypes and TRPV1 receptors were expressed in Xenopus laevis oocytes . 
Modulation of GABA-induced chloride currents ( IGABA ) by piperine and SCT-66 and activation of TRPV1 was studied using the two-microelectrode-voltage-clamp technique and fast perfusion . 
Their effects on explorative behavior , thermoregulation and seizure threshold were analyzed in mice . 
Piperine acted with similar potency on all GABAA receptor subtypes ( EC50 range : 42 . 8±7 . 6μM ( α2β2 ) -59 . 6±12 . 3μM ( α3β2 ) ) . 
IGABA modulation by piperine did not require the presence of a γ2S-subunit , suggesting a binding site involving only α and β subunits . 
IGABA activation was slightly more efficacious on receptors formed from β2 / 3 subunits ( maximal IGABA stimulation through α1β3 receptors : 332±64% and α1β2 : 271±36% vs . 
α1β1 : 171±22% , p<0 . 05 ) and α3-subunits ( α3β2 : 375±51% vs . 
α5β2 : 136±22% , p<0 . 05 ) . 
Replacing the piperidine ring by a N-di-isobutyl residue ( SCT-66 ) prevents interactions with TRPV1 and simultaneously increases the potency and efficiency of GABAA receptor modulation . 
SCT-66 displayed greater efficacy on GABAA receptors than piperine , with different subunit-dependence . 
Both compounds induced anxiolytic , anticonvulsant effects and reduced locomotor activity; however , SCT-66 induced stronger anxiolysis without decreasing body temperature and without the proconvulsive effects of TRPV1 activation and thus may serve as a scaffold for the development of novel GABAA receptor modulators . Two subsets of HLA-DQA1 alleles mark phenotypic variation in levels of insulin autoantibodies in first degree relatives at risk for insulin-dependent diabetes . Adrenergic agonists suppress the proliferation of microglia through beta 2-adrenergic receptor . A cDNA that encodes a novel Na + -independent neutral amino acid transporter was isolated from FLC4 human hepatocarcinoma cells by expression cloning . 
When expressed in Xenopus oocytes , the encoded protein designated LAT3 ( L-type amino acid transporter 3 ) transported neutral amino acids such as l-leucine , l-isoleucine , l-valine , and l-phenylalanine . 
The LAT3-mediated transport was Na + -independent and inhibited by 2-aminobicyclo [ 2 . 2 . 1 ] heptane-2-carboxylic acid , consistent with the properties of system L . 
Distinct from already known system L transporters LAT1 and LAT2 , which form heterodimeric complex with 4F2 heavy chain , LAT3 was functional by itself in Xenopus oocytes . 
The deduced amino acid sequence of LAT3 was identical to the gene product of POV1 reported as a prostate cancer-up-regulated gene whose function was not determined , whereas it did not exhibit significant similarity to already identified transporters . 
The Eadie-Hofstee plots of LAT3-mediated transport were curvilinear , whereas the low affinity component is predominant at physiological plasma amino acid concentration . 
In addition to amino acid substrates , LAT3 recognized amino acid alcohols . 
The transport of l-leucine was electroneutral and mediated by a facilitated diffusion . 
In contrast , l-leucinol , l-valinol , and l-phenylalaninol , which have a net positive charge induced inward currents under voltage clamp , suggesting these compounds are transported by LAT3 . 
LAT3-mediated transport was inhibited by the pretreatment with N-ethylmaleimide , consistent with the property of system L2 originally characterized in hepatocyte primary culture . 
Based on the substrate selectivity , affinity , and N-ethylmaleimide sensitivity , LAT3 is proposed to be a transporter subserving system L2 . 
LAT3 should denote a new family of organic solute transporters . Previous studies demonstrated that the Group III mGlu receptor-selective orthosteric agonist , LSP1-2111 produced anxiolytic- but not antidepressant-like effects upon peripheral administration . 
Herein , we report the pharmacological actions of Lu AF21934 , a novel , selective , and brain-penetrant positive allosteric modulator ( PAM ) of the mGlu ( 4 ) receptor in the stress-induced hyperthermia ( SIH ) , four-plate , marble-burying and Vogel's conflict tests . 
In all models , except Vogel's conflict test , a dose-dependent anxiolytic-like effect was seen . 
The anti-hyperthermic effect of Lu AF21934 ( 5 mg / kg ) in the SIH test was inhibited by the benzodiazepine receptor antagonist flumazenil ( 10 mg / kg ) and was not serotonin-dependent , as it persisted in serotonin-deficient mice and upon blockade of either 5-HT ( 1A ) receptors by WAY100635 , or 5-HT ( 2A / 2C ) receptors by ritanserin . 
These results suggest that the GABAergic system , but not the serotonergic system , is involved in the mechanism of the anxiolytic-like phenotype of Lu AF21934 in rodents . 
Lu AF21934 did not produce antidepressant-like effects in the tail suspension test ( TST ) in mice; however , it decreased the basal locomotor activity of mice that were not habituated to activity cages . 
This article is part of a Special Issue entitled 'Metabotropic Glutamate Receptors' . Reduction of high-affinity beta2-adrenergic receptor binding by hyperforin and hyperoside on rat C6 glioblastoma cells measured by fluorescence correlation spectroscopy . The bioaccumulation of saxitoxins ( STX ) in the trophic chain , mainly in freshwater , are not completely known . 
This work aimed to elucidate the effects of STX on Hoplias malabaricus through trophic bioassay . 
The fish were fed once every five days with Astyanax sp . 
before being subjected to an intraperitoneal inoculation with the lysate of Cylindrospermopsis raciborskii culture containing 97% STX and 3% by neosaxitoxin and gonyautoxin during 20 days . 
The animal's liver was assessed using biomarkers as activities of superoxide dismutase ( SOD ) , catalase ( CAT ) , glutathione S-transferase ( GST ) , and glutathione peroxidase ( GPx ) , and concentrations of reduced glutathione ( GSH ) and lipoperoxidation ( LPO ) and protein carbonylation ( PCO ) . 
In the blood was analyzed the genotoxic and hematological parameters . 
The hepatosomatic index and the relative condition factor did not show a significant difference between the exposed and control groups . 
The values of mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration and mean corpuscular hemoglobin increased in the STX group . 
The hepatic tissue from both groups exhibited a typical pattern that have been already described for most teleost fish . 
The results suggested the generation of reactive oxygen species , with increased activity of GPx and concentrations of LPO and GSH; whereas the specific activity of SOD decreased . 
However , no changes were observed in the CAT , PCO , and DNA damage . 
Although the STX effects are known as neurotoxic , this cyanotoxin caused liver biochemical alterations that can be considered ecologically relevant . The presence of metabotropic glutamate receptors ( mGluRs ) of group II modulating glycine exocytosis from glycinergic nerve endings of mouse spinal cord was investigated . 
Purified synaptosomes were selectively prelabeled with [ ( 3 ) H ] glycine through the neuronal transporter GlyT2 and subsequently depolarized by superfusion with 12 mM KCl . 
The selective mGluR2 / 3 agonist LY379268 inhibited the K ( + ) -evoked overflow of [ ( 3 ) H ] glycine in a concentration-dependent manner ( EC ( 50 ) about 0 . 2 nM ) . 
The effect of LY379268 was prevented by the selective mGluR2 / 3 antagonist LY341495 ( IC ( 50 ) about 1 nM ) . 
N-acetylaspartylglutamate ( NAAG ) inhibited [ ( 3 ) H ] glycine overflow with extraordinary potency ( EC ( 50 ) about 50 fmol ) . 
In contrast , glutamate was ineffective up to 0 . 1 nM , excluding that glutamate contamination of commercial NAAG samples is responsible for the reported activity of NAAG at mGluR3 . 
LY341495 antagonized the NAAG inhibition of [ ( 3 ) H ] glycine release . 
The effect of a combination of maximally effective concentrations of LY379268 and NAAG exhibited no additivity . 
The non-hydrolysable NAAG analogue N-acetylaspartyl-β-linked glutamate ( β-NAAG ) antagonized NAAG and LY379268 . 
In conclusion , our results show that glycinergic nerve endings in spinal cord are endowed with group II mGluRs mediating inhibition of glycine exocytosis . 
NAAG can activate these presynaptic receptors with extremely high affinity and with characteristics compatible with the reported mGluR3 pharmacology . 
This article is part of a Special Issue entitled 'Metabotropic Glutamate Receptors' . Single-walled carbon nanotube surface control of complement recognition and activation . Threshold concentrations of endothelin-1 : the effects on contractions induced by 5-hydroxytryptamine in isolated rat cerebral and mesenteric arteries . Differential autophagic cell death under stress with ectopic cytoplasmic and mitochondrial-specific PPP2R2B in human neuroblastoma cells . Discovery of Thieno [ 3 , 2-d ] pyrimidine-6-carboxamides as Potent Inhibitors of SIRT1 , SIRT2 , and SIRT3 . Osteochondral tissue regeneration using a bilayered composite hydrogel with modulating dual growth factor release kinetics in a rabbit model . Immunosuppressive drugs have been traditionally developed to prevent acute rejection and to improve short-term kidney transplant outcomes . 
There is still a medical need to improve outcomes among subgroups of patients at higher risk for graft loss and to reduce cardiovascular , infectious and malignancy-associated morbidity and mortality , and improve long-term adherence . 
Several new immunosuppressive agents and formulations are undergoing clinical investigation and are discussed in this review . 
A modified release tacrolimus formulation ( MR4 ) for once-daily administration is undergoing phase III trials . 
It has been developed to be administered de novo or for maintenance using the same therapeutic target tacrolimus trough concentrations as for the original formulation . 
Belatacept ( LEA29Y ) , a second generation cytotoxic-T-lymphocyte-associated antigen immunoglobulin ( CTLA4-Ig ) , blocks the interaction between CD80 / 86 and CD28 costimulatory pathways . 
In phase II trials , belatacept was as effective as ciclosporin ( cyclosporine ) when administered in combination with basiliximab , mycophenolate mofetil ( MMF ) and corticosteroids . 
Currently , belatacept is undergoing phase III trials including one study in recipients of organs from expanded criteria donors . 
Inhibitors of the Janus protein tyrosine kinase ( JAK ) -3 show some selectivity for cells of the lymphoid lineage and have been shown to be effective in late preclinical transplant models . 
The most frequent adverse effects have been related to nonspecific binding to JAK2 kinases . 
CP-690550 , a JAK3 inhibitor is currently in phase II clinical trials . 
FK778 , is a synthetic malononitrilamide that targets the critical enzyme of the de novo pyrimidine synthesis , dihydroorotic acid dehydrogenase , and receptor-associated tyrosine kinases has completed phase II trials . 
FK778 also shows antiviral activities that have been tested in patients with polyomavirus nephropathy . 
Fingolimod ( FTY720 ) , a synthetic sphingosine phosphate receptor modulator that reduces the recirculation of lymphocytes to blood and peripheral tissues including inflammatory lesions and graft sites is undergoing phase III trials . 
Although the efficacy of fingolimod is similar to MMF in patients receiving full doses of ciclosporin , safety issues such as a negative chronotropic effect , macular oedema , pulmonary adverse reactions and graft function resulted in premature discontinuation of the development programme for kidney transplantation . 
Because there was no clear clinical benefit over treatment options , the clinical development programme of FK778 was discontinued . 
Finally , a new evolving strategy with powerful induction-induced prolonged T-cell depletion followed by low-dose immunosuppressive monotherapy is showing promising results . In many renal diseases , transforming growth factor β ( TGFβ ) -stimulated canonical Smad 3 and noncanonical mechanistic target of rapamycin ( mTOR ) promote increased protein synthesis and mesangial cell hypertrophy . 
The cellular underpinnings involving these signaling molecules to regulate mesangial cell hypertrophy are not fully understood . 
Deptor has recently been identified as an mTOR interacting protein and functions as an endogenous inhibitor of the kinase activity for both TORC1 and TORC2 . 
Prolonged incubation of mesangial cells with TGFβ reduced the levels of deptor concomitant with an increase in TORC1 and TORC2 activity . 
Sustained TGFβ activation was required to inhibit association of deptor with mTOR , whereas rapid activation had no effect . 
Using the mTOR inhibitor PP242 , we found that TGFβ-induced both early and sustained activation of TORC1 and TORC2 was necessary for deptor suppression . 
PP242-induced reversal of deptor suppression by TGFβ was associated with a significant inhibition of TGFβ-stimulated protein synthesis and hypertrophy . 
Interestingly , expression of siRNA against Smad 3 or Smad 7 , which blocks TGFβ receptor-specific Smad 3 signaling , prevented TGFβ-induced suppression of deptor abundance and TORC1 / 2 activities . 
Furthermore , overexpression of Smad 3 decreased deptor expression similar to TGFβ stimulation concomitant with increased TORC1 and TORC2 activities . 
Finally , knockdown of deptor reversed Smad 7-mediated inhibition of protein synthesis and mesangial cell hypertrophy induced by TGFβ . 
These data reveal the requirement of both early and late activation of mTOR for TGFβ-induced protein synthesis . 
Our results support that TGFβ-stimulated Smad 3 acts as a key node to instill a feedback loop between deptor down-regulation and TORC1 / 2 activation in driving mesangial cell hypertrophy . The emerging role of cannabinoid neuromodulators in symptom management . Brugada syndrome . Methylation-mediated silencing of genes is not altered by selenium treatment of prostate cancer cells . Alpha 2-adrenoceptors in the enteric nervous system : a study in alpha 2A-adrenoceptor-deficient mice . Protective effect of crocin on diazinon induced cardiotoxicity in rats in subchronic exposure . The endocrine pancreas in non-diabetic rats after short-term and long-term treatment with the long-acting GLP-1 derivative NN2211 . Stress-related gene expression in brain and adrenal gland of porcine fetuses and neonates . BACKGROUND : Airway remodeling and dysfunction are characteristic features of asthma thought to be caused by aberrant production of Th2 cytokines . 
Histamine H4 receptor ( H4R ) perturbation has previously been shown to modify acute inflammation and Th2 cytokine production in a murine model of asthma . 
We examined the ability of H4R antagonists to therapeutically modify the effects of Th2 cytokine production such as goblet cell hyperplasia ( GCH ) , and collagen deposition in a sub-chronic model of asthma . 
In addition , effects on Th2 mediated lung dysfunction were also determined . 
METHODS : Mice were sensitized to ovalbumin ( OVA ) followed by repeated airway challenge with OVA . 
After inflammation was established mice were dosed with the H4R antagonist , JNJ 7777120 , or anti-IL-13 antibody for comparison . 
Airway hyperreactivity ( AHR ) was measured , lungs lavaged and tissues collected for analysis . 
RESULTS : Therapeutic H4R antagonism inhibited T cell infiltration in to the lung and decreased Th2 cytokines IL-13 and IL-5 . 
IL-13 dependent remodeling parameters such as GCH and lung collagen were reduced . 
Intervention with H4R antagonist also improved measures of central and peripheral airway dysfunction . 
CONCLUSIONS : These data demonstrate that therapeutic H4R antagonism can significantly ameliorate allergen induced , Th2 cytokine driven pathologies such as lung remodeling and airway dysfunction . 
The ability of H4R antagonists to affect these key manifestations of asthma suggests their potential as novel human therapeutics . OBJECTIVE : To establish if serum levels of interleukin-10 ( IL-10 ) in subjects exposed to benzene are connected with age , working years , and employment age . 
METHODS : We evaluated serum levels of IL-10 in 51 employees working in oil refinery ( group A ) and in 16 office workers who resided in the same area ( group B ) . 
RESULTS : There was no statistically significant difference between serum concentrations of IL-10 in groups A and B . 
There was a statistically significant dependent relationship in group A between age , working years , and serum concentration of IL-10 . 
There was a statistically significant and positive dependent relationship in group A between serum concentration of IL-10 and employment age . 
CONCLUSIONS : The role played by IL-10 in benzene immune suppression may be relevant and attention should be directed toward assessment of age , working years , and employment age in benzene-exposed populations . The cellular action of steroid hormones is mediated by specific receptors . 
Recently , two different estrogen receptors ( ER ) , alpha and beta , have been cloned with a specific tissue distribution . 
Active estrogen as well as active progestin are compounds of oral hormonal contraceptives and hormone replacement therapy . 
To examine the regulation of ER-alpha and -beta activities after treatment with synthetic progestins and synthetic and natural estrogens , COS 7 cells were transfected with the vector expressing ER-alpha and -beta in combination with a luciferase reporter vector . 
ER-alpha activity was upregulated in the presence of synthetic progestins in a dose-dependent manner . 
Norethisterone , norethynodrel and desogestrel proved to be the most potent stimulatory agents of ER-alpha expression . 
On the other hand , not all progestins exhibited a stimulatory action on ER-beta activity . 
Only norgestrel , levonorgestrel , norethynodrel and norethisterone induced ER-beta-activating functions in a dose-dependent manner . 
Luciferase activity due to estrogen stimulation served as a positive control . 
Our results indicate that progestins have different effects on the activities of ER-alpha and -beta . BACKGROUND : Several cholinesterase inhibitors are either being utilized for symptomatic treatment of Alzheimer's disease or are in advanced clinical trials . 
E2020 , marketed as Aricept , is a member of a large family of N-benzylpiperidine-based acetylcholinesterase ( AChE ) inhibitors developed , synthesized and evaluated by the Eisai Company in Japan . 
These inhibitors were designed on the basis of QSAR studies , prior to elucidation of the three-dimensional structure of Torpedo californica AChE ( TcAChE ) . 
It significantly enhances performance in animal models of cholinergic hypofunction and has a high affinity for AChE , binding to both electric eel and mouse AChE in the nanomolar range . 
RESULTS : Our experimental structure of the E2020-TcAChE complex pinpoints specific interactions responsible for the high affinity and selectivity demonstrated previously . 
It shows that E2020 has a unique orientation along the active-site gorge , extending from the anionic subsite of the active site , at the bottom , to the peripheral anionic site , at the top , via aromatic stacking interactions with conserved aromatic acid residues . 
E2020 does not , however , interact directly with either the catalytic triad or the 'oxyanion hole' , but only indirectly via solvent molecules . 
CONCLUSIONS : Our study shows , a posteriori , that the design of E2020 took advantage of several important features of the active-site gorge of AChE to produce a drug with both high affinity for AChE and a high degree of selectivity for AChE versus butyrylcholinesterase ( BChE ) . 
It also delineates voids within the gorge that are not occupied by E2020 and could provide sites for potential modification of E2020 to produce drugs with improved pharmacological profiles . Dimethylfumarate attenuates renal fibrosis via NF-E2-related factor 2-mediated inhibition of transforming growth factor-beta / Smad signaling . Protein kinase C potentiates homologous desensitization of the beta2-adrenoceptor in bovine tracheal smooth muscle . OBJECTIVE : Although low serum testosterone ( T ) is associated with metabolic disorders , the mechanism of this association is unclear . 
The objective of the present study was to investigate the combined effects of T deficiency and a high-fat diet ( HFD ) on hepatic lipid homeostasis in mice . 
MATERIALS / METHODS : Orchiectomized ( ORX ) mice and sham-operated ( SHAM ) mice were randomly divided into five groups : SHAM mice fed a standard diet ( SD ) , SHAM mice fed HFD , ORX mice fed SD , ORX mice fed HFD , and ORX mice fed HFD with T supplementation . 
After 4weeks of treatment , we investigated the synthesis and secretion of lipids in the liver and detailed serum lipoprotein profiles in each group . 
RESULTS : ORX mice fed HFD showed increased hepatic steatosis , markedly decreased serum triglyceride ( TG ) and TG-VLDL content , and increased serum very small-LDL content . 
Gene expression analysis revealed that ORX mice fed HFD showed significantly decreased expression of microsomal triglyceride transfer protein , lipin-1 , peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor ( PPAR ) -α and PPAR-γ coactivator 1-α , and significantly increased sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1 , diacylglycerol acyltransferase-2 and fatty acid synthase . 
Reduction of hepatic AMPK phosphorylation was observed in ORX mice fed HFD . 
These perturbations in ORX mice fed HFD were normalized to the levels of SHAM mice fed HFD by T supplementation . 
CONCLUSION : T deficiency is associated with failure of lipid homeostasis mediated by altered expression of genes involved in hepatic assembly and secretion of lipids . The immunological adjuvant effect of silver nanoparticles ( AgNPs ) was investigated both in vitro and in vivo . 
The in vivo adjuvant effect of AgNPs was evaluated with model antigen ovalbumin ( OVA ) and bovine serum albumin ( BSA ) in mice by intraperitoneal and subcutaneous immunization . 
Serum antigen-specific IgG level significantly increased in AgNPs-treated mice comparing to the control group . 
AgNPs induced the increase of IgG1 / IgG2a ratio and antigen-specific IgE , indicating that AgNPs elicited Th2-biased immune responses . 
By in vitro assay , the mechanism of adjuvant effect was explored . 
After 48h treatment with AgNPs , both the number of leukocytes and levels of cytokines TNF-α and IFN-γ in abdominal lavage fluid of mice increased . 
The expression of the major histocompatibility complex class II molecule on the surface of peritoneal macrophages significantly increased . 
AgNPs can be easily phagocytosed by peritoneal macrophages , while do not affect antigen uptake by the cell . 
We therefore conclude that AgNPs have significant adjuvant effect and the mechanism of this effect is mainly ascribed to the recruitment and activation of local leukocytes and especially macrophages . 
For the first time we found the remarkable adjuvant effect of AgNPs , and the result is beneficial for the future applications , especially in biomedicine . Wired Enzyme Electrodes-A Retroperspective Story about an Exciting Time at University of Texas at Austin and Its Impact on My Scientific Career . Adipose subtype-selective recruitment of TLE3 or Prdm16 by PPARγ specifies lipid storage versus thermogenic gene programs . Rasagiline protects against alpha-synuclein induced sensitivity to oxidative stress in dopaminergic cells . Allopregnanolone is a neurosteroid which exhibits anxiolytic and anticonvulsant activities through potentiation of the GABA ( A ) receptor . 
The reduction of 5alpha-dihydroprogesterone ( 5alpha-DHP ) , the last step in allopregnanolone biosynthesis , is catalyzed by 3alpha-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenases ( 3alpha-HSDs ) . 
While the mechanism of action of allopregnanolone and the physiological and pharmacological modulation of allopregnanolone concentrations in vivo have been extensively studied , there has been little characterization of the kinetics of human 3alpha-HSD catalyzed allopregnanolone formation . 
We report here determination of the kinetic mechanism for 5alpha-DHP reduction catalyzed by human 3alpha-HSD type III by using steady-state kinetics studies and assessment of the ability of fluoxetine and various other small molecules to activate 3alpha-HSD type III catalyzed allopregnanolone formation . 
Enzyme-catalyzed 5alpha-DHP reduction yielded two products , allopregnanolone and 5alpha , 20alpha-tetrahydroprogesterone , as measured by using a radiometric thin-layer chromatography assay , while 5beta-DHP reduction yielded the neurosteroid pregnanolone as the only product . 
5Beta-DHP reduction proceeded with a catalytic efficiency 10 times higher than that of 5alpha-DHP reduction . 
Two-substrate kinetic analysis and dead-end inhibition studies for 5alpha-DHP reduction and allopregnanolone oxidation indicated that 3alpha-HSD type III utilized a ternary complex ( sequential ) kinetic mechanism , with nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide cofactor binding before steroid substrate and leaving after steroid product . 
Since previous reports suggested that fluoxetine and certain other small molecules increased allopregnanolone concentrations in vivo by activating 3alpha-HSD type III , we investigated whether these small molecules were able to activate human 3alpha-HSD type III . 
Our results showed that , at concentrations up to 50 microM , fluoxetine , paroxetine , sertraline , norfluoxetine , carbamazepine , clozapine , flurbiprofen , and sulfobromophthalein did not activate the enzyme . 
These results characterize the role of 3alpha-HSD type III in allopregnanolone formation and suggest that activation of this enzyme by fluoxetine is likely not the mechanism by which fluoxetine increases allopregnanolone concentrations . Murine prostaglandin endoperoxide ( PGH ) synthase-1 and PGH synthase-2 expressed in cos-1 cells were found to be differentially sensitive to inhibition by common nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( NSAIDs ) . 
Aspirin completely inhibited bis-oxygenation of arachidonate by PGH synthase-1; in contrast , aspirin-treated PGH synthase-2 metabolized arachidonate primarily to 15-hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid ( 15-HETE ) instead of PGH2 . 
ID50 values were determined for a panel of common NSAIDs by measuring instantaneous inhibition of cyclooxygenase activity using an oxygen electrode . 
Among common NSAIDs tested , indomethacin , sulindac sulfide , and piroxicam preferentially inhibited PGH synthase-1; ibuprofen , flurbiprofen , and meclofenamate inhibited both enzymes with comparable potencies; and 6-methoxy-2-naphthylacetic acid preferentially inhibited PGH synthase-2 . 
These results demonstrate that the two PGH synthases are pharmacologically distinct and indicate that it may be possible to develop isozyme-specific cyclooxygenase inhibitors useful both for anti-inflammatory therapy and for delineating between the biological roles of the PGH synthase isozymes . The sequential bond energies of Mg ( 2 + ) ( H2O ) x complexes , in which x = 2-10 , are measured by threshold collision-induced dissociation in a guided ion beam tandem mass spectrometer . 
From an electrospray ionization source that produces an initial distribution of Mg ( 2 + ) ( H2O ) x complexes in which x = 7-10 , complexes down to x = 3 are formed by using an in-source fragmentation technique . 
Complexes smaller than Mg ( 2 + ) ( H2O ) 3 cannot be formed in this source because charge separation into MgOH ( + ) ( H2O ) and H3O ( + ) is a lower-energy pathway than simple water loss from Mg ( 2 + ) ( H2O ) 3 . 
The kinetic energy dependent cross sections for dissociation of Mg ( 2 + ) ( H2O ) x complexes , in which x = 3-10 , are examined over a wide energy range to monitor all dissociation products and are modeled to obtain 0 and 298 K binding energies . 
Analysis of both primary and secondary water molecule losses from each sized complex provides thermochemistry for the sequential hydration energies of Mg ( 2 + ) for x = 2-10 and the first experimental values for x = 2-4 . 
Additionally , the thermodynamic onsets leading to the charge-separation products from Mg ( 2 + ) ( H2O ) 3 and Mg ( 2 + ) ( H2O ) 4 are determined for the first time . 
Our experimental results for x = 3-7 agree well with quantum chemical calculations performed here and previously calculated binding enthalpies , as well as previous measurements for x = 6 . 
The present values for x = 7-10 are slightly lower than previous experimental results and theory , but within experimental uncertainties . Lipid raft modulation by Rp1 reverses multidrug resistance via inactivating MDR-1 and Src inhibition . Apomorphine induces trophic factors that support fetal rat mesencephalic dopaminergic neurons in cultures . Effects of felodipine ( a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker ) and analogues on calmodulin-dependent enzymes . FOXO1 binds to the TAU5 motif and inhibits constitutively active androgen receptor splice variants . A small molecule inhibitor of fungal histone acetyltransferase Rtt109 . Native Americans have used Phytolacca americana to treat breast ailments , gastrointestinal disorders , rashes , and inflammation . 
Some anti-cancer and anti-viral research has been reported on this perennial herb , but none has been published concerning the effects of its extracts on cancer cell genes . 
In this study , changes in gene expression at the transcription level were evaluated in HCT-116 colon cancer cells after exposure to P . 
americana ethanol extract and its water fraction using the Human Cancer Pathway Finder PCR Array . 
Of the genes significantly affected in HCT-116 cells exposed to the ethanol extract at 3200 µg / ml , changes in expression of MYC , PLAU , and TEK may benefit the treatment of colon cancer . 
Exposing the cells to 1600 µg / ml of the water fraction resulted in several gene changes that may also be beneficial in the treatment of colon cancer : NME4 , TEK , and THBS1 . 
A few genes on this array that are known to play a specific role in colon cancer had activities changed in a way that may be detrimental in the treatment of colon cancer . 
Further studies should be performed to understand how these changes would impact colon cancer treatment . 
Copyright © 2013 John Wiley & Sons , Ltd . This study was conducted to investigate the potential of bambangan ( Mangifera pajang ) fruit extracts in the protection against oxidative damage caused by tert-butyl hydroperoxide in the human hepatocellular HepG2 cell line . 
Proteins which might be involved in the cytoprotective mechanism were investigated using western blotting technique . 
Quercetin was used as a positive control . 
The results showed that only the kernel extract of M . 
pajang and quercetin displayed cytoprotective activity in HepG2 cells , with EC ( 50 ) values of 1 . 2 and 5 . 3μg / ml , respectively . 
Expression of quinone reductase , glutathione reductase and methionine sulfoxide reductase A proteins were significantly up-regulated by quercetin , suggesting their involvement in the cytoprotective activity of quercetin . 
However , expressions of only glutathione reductase and methionine sulfoxide reductase A proteins were significantly up-regulated by the kernel extract , again suggesting their involvement in the cytoprotective activity of bambangan kernel extract . 
Future study is needed to investigate the involvement of other cytoprotective proteins in the cytoprotection mechanism . BACKGROUND : Activation of two receptors for adenosine diphosphate ( ADP ) , P2Y ( 1 ) and P2Y ( 12 ) , is necessary for ADP-induced platelet aggregation ( PA ) . 
It is generally believed that the antithrombotic effects of drugs inhibiting P2Y ( 12 ) , such as clopidogrel , are uniquely mediated by inhibition of P2Y ( 12 ) -dependent PA . 
However , as P2Y ( 12 ) is negatively coupled to adenylyl cyclase ( AC ) , its inhibition may also exert antithrombotic effects through the potentiation of prostacyclin ( PGI ( 2 ) ) , which inhibit PA by stimulating AC . 
OBJECTIVES : To test whether inhibition of P2Y ( 12 ) potentiates the antiplatelet effects of PGI ( 2 ) . 
METHODS : We measured the effects of PGI ( 2 ) ( 0 . 01-10 microm ) on PA of washed human platelets induced by thrombin ( 0 . 5 U mL ( -1 ) ) in the presence or absence of ARC69931MX ( anti-P2Y ( 12 ) ) or MRS2500 ( anti-P2Y ( 1 ) ) . 
RESULTS : PGI ( 2 ) inhibited PA in the presence of anti-P2Y ( 12 ) , but not in the presence of anti-P2Y ( 1 ) or in the absence of inhibitors . 
In contrast , dibutyryl-cyclicAMP inhibited PA both in the presence and absence of anti-P2Y ( 1 ) or anti-P2Y ( 12 ) . 
PGI ( 2 ) increased platelet cyclicAMP levels only in the absence of thrombin or in the presence of thrombin plus anti-P2Y ( 12 ) . 
CONCLUSIONS : PGI ( 2 ) did not inhibit PA induced by thrombin , because its effect on AC was prevented by released ADP interacting with P2Y ( 12 ) . 
Anti-P2Y ( 12 ) drugs , by rescuing AC activity , potentiate the antiplatelet effect of PGI ( 2 ) , which may contribute to their antithrombotic effect . Modulation of cytochrome P450 1 ( Cyp1 ) by vanadium in hepatic tissue and isolated hepatocyte of C57BL / 6 mice . Bifunctional electrophiles cross-link thioredoxins with redox relay partners in cells . The serotonin ( 5-HT ) type 7 receptor is expressed throughout the CNS including the hippocampus . 
Long-term ( 2-24 h ) activation of 5-HT7 receptors regulates growth factor receptor expression , including the expression of platelet-derived growth factor ( PDGF ) β receptors . 
Direct activation of PDGFβ receptors in primary hippocampal and cortical neurons inhibits NMDA receptor activity and attenuates NMDA receptor-induced neurotoxicity . 
Our objective was to investigate whether the 5-HT7 receptor-induced increase in PDGFβ receptor expression would be similarly neuroprotective . 
We demonstrate that 5-HT7 receptor agonist treatment in primary hippocampal neurons also increases the expression of phospholipase C ( PLC ) γ , a downstream effector of PDGFβ receptors associated with the inhibition of NMDA receptor activity . 
To determine if the up-regulation of PDGFβ receptors is neuroprotective , primary hippocampal neurons were incubated with the 5-HT7 receptor agonist , LP 12 , for 24 h . 
Indeed , LP 12 treatment prevented NMDA-induced neurotoxicity and this effect was dependent on PDGFβ receptor kinase activity . 
Treatment of primary neurons with LP 12 also differentially altered NMDA receptor subunit expression , reducing the expression of NR1 and NR2B , but not NR2A . 
These findings demonstrate the potential for providing growth factor receptor-dependent neuroprotective effects using small-molecule ligands of G protein-coupled receptors . A novel mechanism of action of tetracyclines : effects on nitric oxide synthases . 5-HT1B receptors , alpha2A / 2C- and , to a lesser extent , alpha1-adrenoceptors mediate the external carotid vasoconstriction to ergotamine in vagosympathectomised dogs . Addition of artificial salt bridge by Ile646Lys mutation in gp41 coiled-coil domain regulates 6-helical bundle formation . Insulin therapy is often required to achieve good glycemic control for the patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus ( T2DM ) , while protraction of glycemic control without insulin therapy may be preferable for patients . 
To determine the characteristics of and therapeutic regimen in outpatients with T2DM who were able to stop insulin therapy with satisfactory glycemic control in a real clinical practice setting in Japan by a case-control study . 
The present study was performed on 928 patients with T2DM who started insulin therapy in 2007 . 
Data regarding age , sex , body mass index , duration of diabetes , HbA1c , postprandial plasma glucose , plasma fasting C-peptide immunoreactivity and treatment modality were compared between patients who were able to stop insulin therapy and those who continued with insulin . 
Of the 928 patients , 37 had stopped insulin therapy within 1 year . 
In the patients who stopped insulin therapy , the duration of diabetes was significantly shorter and the daily insulin dosage at initiation and the prevalence of sulfonylurea pretreatment significantly lower compared with patients who continued on insulin . 
In conclusion , almost 4% of T2DM patients were able to stop insulin therapy with satisfactory glycemic control in a real clinical practice setting in Japan . 
Shorter duration of diabetes and disuse of sulfonylureas prior to insulin may associate with stopping insulin therapy as a near-normoglycemic remission in outpatients with T2DM in Japan . The amino acids glutamate ( Glu ) and glycine ( Gly ) trigger large , rapid rises in cytosolic Ca ( 2 + ) concentration and a concomitant rise in membrane potential ( depolarization ) in plants . 
The possibility that plant homologs of neuronal ionotropic glutamate receptors mediate these neuron-like ionic responses was tested in Arabidopsis ( Arabidopsis thaliana ) seedlings using a combination of Ca ( 2 + ) measurements , electrophysiology , and reverse genetics . 
The membrane depolarization triggered by Glu was greatly reduced or completely blocked in some conditions by mutations in GLR3 . 3 , one of the 20 GLR genes in Arabidopsis . 
The same mutations completely blocked the associated rise in cytosolic Ca ( 2 + ) . 
These results genetically demonstrate the participation of a glutamate receptor in the rapid ionic responses to an amino acid . 
The GLR3 . 3-independent component of the depolarization required Glu concentrations above 25 mum , did not display desensitization , and was strongly suppressed by increasing extracellular pH . 
It is suggested to result from H ( + ) -amino acid symport . 
Six amino acids commonly present in soils ( Glu , Gly , alanine , serine , asparagine , and cysteine ) as well as the tripeptide glutathione ( gamma-glutamyl-cysteinyl-Gly ) were found to be strong agonists of the GLR3 . 3-mediated responses . 
All other amino acids induced a small depolarization similar to the non-GLR , putative symporter component and in most cases evoked little or no Ca ( 2 + ) rise . 
From these results it may be concluded that sensing of six amino acids in the rhizosphere and perhaps extracellular peptides is coupled to Ca ( 2 + ) signaling through a GLR-dependent mechanism homologous to a fundamental component of neuronal signaling . Maternal cholestasis is usually a benign condition for the mother but induces profound placental damage and may be lethal for the fetus . 
The aim of this study was to investigate the protective effects in rat maternal and fetal livers as also the placenta of melatonin or silymarin against the oxidative stress and apoptosis induced by maternal obstructive cholestasis during the last third of pregnancy ( OCP ) . 
Melatonin or silymarin administration ( i . 
e . 
5 mg / 100 g bw / day after ligation of the maternal common bile duct on day 14 of pregnancy ) reduced OCP-induced lipid peroxidation , and prevented decreases in total glutathione levels . 
However , the protective effect on OCP-induced impairment in the GSH / GSSG ratio was mild in the placenta and fetal liver , while absent in maternal liver . 
Melatonin or silymarin also reduced OCP-induced signs of apoptosis ( increased caspase-3 activity and Bax-alpha upregulation ) in all the organs assayed . 
Moreover , melatonin ( but not silymarin ) upregulated several proteins involved in the cellular protection against the oxidative stress in rats with OCP . 
These included , biliverdin-IX alpha reductase and the sodium-dependent vitamin C transport proteins SVCT1 and SVCT2 , whose expression levels were enhanced in maternal and fetal liver by melatonin treatment . 
In contrast , in placenta only biliverdin-IX alpha reductase and SVCT2 were upregulated . 
These results indicate that whereas the treatment of cholestatic pregnant rats with melatonin or silymarin affords a direct protective antioxidant activity , only melatonin has dual beneficial effects against OCP-induced oxidative challenge in that it stimulates the expression of some components of the endogenous cellular antioxidant defense . Metabolite profiling reveals normal metabolic control in carriers of mutations in the glucokinase gene ( MODY2 ) . Genetic engineering has led to the development of fusion protein toxins , which are targeted effector molecules that combine a targeting ligand such as a growth factor with a cytocidal moiety such as a plant or bacterial toxin . 
The first genetically constructed family of fusion proteins used diphtheria toxin as the toxophore for receptor-binding domain substitution . 
Diphtheria toxin consists of three domains : an enzymatically active adenosine diphosphate ( ADP ) ribosyltransferase domain , a hydrophobic transmembrane domain , and a C-terminal receptor-binding domain . 
Introduction of the enzymatically active domain into the cytosol via receptor-mediated endocytosis results in inhibition of protein synthesis by ADP ribosylation of elongation-factor 2 . 
DAB ( 486 ) IL-2 , in which the native receptor-binding domain of diphtheria toxin was replaced with the full-length interleukin-2 ( IL-2 ) gene , was capable of intoxicating high-affinity IL-2 receptor-bearing cells in vitro with an IC ( 50 ) of 10 ( -10 ) M; whereas , cells lacking the full component of the high-affinity IL-2 receptor ( p55 , p75 , p64 ) were relatively resistant ( IC ( 50 ) of 10 ( -8 ) M ) . 
Because of a short in vivo half-life of DAB ( 486 ) IL-2 , efforts to reengineer the molecule were undertaken , leading to the DAB ( 389 ) IL-2 construct , which had a twofold to threefold higher Kd than DAB ( 486 ) IL-2 and a longer half-life , resulting in a tenfold increase in potency . 
Thus far , the clinical activity of both IL-2 chimeric fusion toxins has been similar , with the DAB ( 389 ) IL-2 molecule displaying more favorable pharmacokinetics . Beclomethasone , budesonide and fluticasone propionate inhibit human neutrophil apoptosis . p38 Mitogen Activated Protein Kinase Regulates the Nuclear Receptor CAR to Activate the CYP2B6 Gene . A comparison of bone quality at the distal radius between Asian and Caucasian adolescents and young adults : An HR-pQCT study . Ketamine is primarily metabolized to norketamine by hepatic cytochrome P450 ( CYP ) 2B6 and CYP3A4-mediated N-demethylation . 
However , the relative contribution from each enzyme remains controversial . 
The CYP2B6*6 allele is associated with reduced enzyme expression and activity that may lead to interindividual variability in ketamine metabolism . 
We examined the N-demethylation of individual ketamine enantiomers using human liver microsomes ( HLMs ) genotyped for the CYP2B6*6 allele , insect cell expressed recombinant CYP2B6 and CYP3A4 enzymes and COS-1 cell expressed recombinant CYP2B6 . 1 and CYP2B6 . 6 protein variant . 
Effects of CYP-selective inhibitors on norketamine formation were also determined in HLMs . 
The two-enzyme Michaelis-Menten model best fitted the HLM kinetic data . 
The Km value for the high affinity enzyme and the low affinity enzyme were similar to those for the expressed CYP2B6 and CYP3A4 , respectively . 
The intrinsic clearance for both ketamine enantiomers by the high affinity enzyme in HLMs with CYP2B6*1 / *1 genotype were at least 2-fold and 6-fold higher , respectively , than those for CYP2B6*1 / *6 genotype and CYP2B6*6 / *6 genotype . 
The Vmax and Km values for CYP2B6 . 1 were approximately 160% and 70% of those for CYP2B6 . 6 , respectively . 
ThioTEPA ( CYP2B6 inhibitor , 25 μM ) and the monoclonal antibody against CYP2B6 but not troleandomycin ( CYP3A4 inhibitor , 25 μM ) or the monoclonal antibody against CYP3A4 inhibited ketamine N-demethylation at clinically relevant concentrations . 
The degree of inhibition was significantly reduced in HLMs with the CYP2B6*6 allele ( gene-dose P<0 . 05 ) . 
These results indicate a major role of CYP2B6 in ketamine N-demethylation in vitro and a significant impact of the CYP2B6*6 allele on enzyme-ketamine binding and catalytic activity . Stimulatory effect of insulin on theca-interstitial cell proliferation and cell cycle regulatory proteins through MTORC1 dependent pathway . Graphene MEMS : AFM Probe Performance Improvement . The interactions between glutamate decarboxylase ( GAD ) and its cofactor pyridoxal phosphate ( PLP ) play a key role in the regulation of GAD activity . 
The enzyme has two isoforms , GAD65 and GAD67 . 
A comparison of binding constants , rate constants , and kinetic profiles for the formation of holoenzyme ( holoGAD65 and holoGAD67 ) revealed that the two isoforms interact distinctively with the cofactor . 
GAD67 exhibits a higher binding constant for PLP binding , making it more difficult to dissociate PLP from holoGAD67 than holoGAD65 . 
Meanwhile , PLP binding occurs at a much slower rate for GAD67 than GAD65 , as evidenced by lower rate constants and a slower initial rate of the holoenzyme formation . 
Job's plots revealed a stoichiometry of 1 : 1 for PLP binding to GAD65 before and after the saturation level of PLP , while 1 : 2 for PLP binding to GAD67 prior to the saturation of PLP and 1 : 1 at the saturation level of PLP . 
These results suggested that the two binding sites of GAD65 exhibit similar affinities for PLP . 
In contrast , one binding site of GAD67 exhibits a significantly higher affinity for PLP than the other binding site . 
Based on these findings , it was proposed that a slower PLP binding to GAD67 than GAD65 and a less ease to dissociate PLP from holoGAD67 than holoGAD65 are important underlying factors . 
This attributes to GAD67 being more highly saturated by PLP and GAD65 being less saturated by PLP . 
A larger conformation change constant for GAD67 than GAD65 supported a significant conformational change induced by the initial PLP binding to GAD67 , which affects the other binding site affinity of GAD67 . 
The present studies provided valuable insights into distinctive properties between the two isoforms of GAD . Estramustine is a novel anti-microtubule drug shown to bind MAP-1 and MAP-2 ( microtubule-associated proteins ) in vitro . 
In this paper we have shown that estramustine specifically binds MAP-1A in Du 145a cells , resulting in disruption of MAP-1A microtubules and inhibition of type IV collagenase secretion . 
Immunofluorescence studies revealed that at 30 microM levels estramustine blocked type IV collagenase secretion by partial disruption of the MAP-1A microtubule networks . 
Immunoprecipitation studies with polyclonal antibodies provided quantitative evidence that 30-60 microM estramustine blocked secretion of a 105 x 10 ( 3 ) Mr type IV collagenase . 
Pulse-labeling experiments confirmed that the effect was not a result of inhibition of either protein synthesis or altered rates of type IV collagenase turnover . 
Finally , drug uptake studies with [ 3H ] estramustine , scintillation counting and fluorography demonstrated that the principal target of the drug was MAP-1A . 
For the first time we have shown that the drug blocks secretion by binding MAP-1A and causing incomplete disruption of the microtubule networks . ETHNOPHARMACOLOGICAL RELEVANCE : Antrodia camphorata ( AC ) is well known in Taiwan as a traditional Chinese medicinal fungus . 
However , the anticancer activity of AC against human HER-2 / neu-overexpressing ovarian cancers is poorly understood . 
MATERIALS AND METHODS : The aim of this study is to investigate whether a submerged fermentation culture of AC can inhibit human ovarian carcinoma cell ( SKOV-3 ) proliferation by suppressing the HER-2 / neu signaling pathway . 
Cell viability , colony formation , DCFH-DA fluorescence microscopy , western blotting , HER-2 / neu immunofluorescence imaging , flow cytometry , and TUNEL assays were carried out to determine the anti-cancer effects of AC . 
RESULTS : MTT and colony formation assays showed that AC induced a dose-dependent reduction in SKOV-3 cell growth . 
Immunoblot analysis demonstrated that HER-2 / neu activity and tyrosine phosphorylation were significantly inhibited by AC . 
Furthermore , AC treatment significantly inhibited the activation of PI3K / Akt and their downstream effector β-catenin . 
We also observed that AC caused G2 / M arrest mediated by down-regulation of cyclin D1 , cyclin A , cyclin B1 , and Cdk1 and increased p27 expression . 
Notably , AC induced apoptosis , which was associated with DNA fragmentation , cytochrome c release , caspase-9 / -3 activation , PARP degradation , and Bcl-2 / Bax dysregulation . 
An increase in intracellular reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) was observed in AC-treated cells , whereas the antioxidant N-acetylcysteine ( NAC ) prevented AC-induced cell death , HER-2 / neu depletion , PI3K / Akt inactivation , and Bcl-2 / Bax dysregulation , indicating that AC-induced cell death was mediated by ROS generation . 
CONCLUSIONS : These results suggest that AC may exert anti-tumor activity against human ovarian carcinoma by suppressing HER-2 / neu signaling pathways . Protective effect of silymarin against ethanol-induced gastritis in rats : role of sulfhydryls , nitric oxide and gastric sensory afferents . Methylation damage to RNA induced in vivo in Escherichia coli is repaired by endogenous AlkB as part of the adaptive response . Bisphenol A ( BPA ) has been widely used in the manufacture of polycarbonate plastic , water bottles and food containers . 
Previous studies have established that BPA could cause developmental toxicity by inhibiting the proliferation and differentiation of rat embryonic midbrain ( MB ) cells in vitro . 
However , the underlying mechanisms have not been well studied yet . 
In the current study , we examined the proliferation and differentiation of MB cells treated with 10 ( -12 ) -10 ( -4 ) M BPA and found that only 10 ( -4 ) M BPA inhibited proliferation and differentiation . 
Then , we investigated the cell cycle progression and apoptosis of MB cells; 10 ( -4 ) M BPA caused an explicit S phase and G2 / M phase arrest in the cell cycle and increased the percentage of apoptotic cells . 
Moreover , the phosphorylation of mitogen-activated protein kinase ( MAPK ) and cyclic-AMP response binding protein ( CREB ) and the expression of some apoptotic regulatory genes were investigated . 
BPA ( 10 ( -4 ) M ) reduced the phosphorylation of C-Jun N-terminal kinase ( JNK ) and CREB , and increased the mRNA expression level of Bax and p53 . 
Our findings demonstrated that BPA could cause developmental toxicity through anti-proliferation and pro-apoptosis in MB cells . 
Multiple signaling pathways , such as the JNK , CREB and p53-mitochondrial apoptosis pathways , participate in these effects . Optogenetics is a powerful research tool because it enables high-resolution optical control of neuronal activity . 
However , current optogenetic approaches are limited to transgenic systems expressing microbial opsins and other exogenous photoreceptors . 
Here , we identify optovin , a small molecule that enables repeated photoactivation of motor behaviors in wild-type zebrafish and mice . 
To our surprise , optovin's behavioral effects are not visually mediated . 
Rather , photodetection is performed by sensory neurons expressing the cation channel TRPA1 . 
TRPA1 is both necessary and sufficient for the optovin response . 
Optovin activates human TRPA1 via structure-dependent photochemical reactions with redox-sensitive cysteine residues . 
In animals with severed spinal cords , optovin treatment enables control of motor activity in the paralyzed extremities by localized illumination . 
These studies identify a light-based strategy for controlling endogenous TRPA1 receptors in vivo , with potential clinical and research applications in nontransgenic animals , including humans . Although prostate cancer patients with metastatic lesion initially respond to androgen ablation therapy , almost patients develop to hormone-refractory states . 
The optimal treatment for men with hormone refractory prostate cancer ( HRPC ) has not been established . 
Docetaxel is a semisynthetic taxane that inhibit tumor growth by induction of microtubule stabilization and promotion of bcl-2 inactivation , which induce apoptosis . 
Docetaxel as single agent has significant anti-tumor effect in HRPC patients . 
Docetaxel combined with estramustine or other antimicrotubular agents have shown further significant cytotoxicity in HRPC patients . 
In the United States , Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) approved docetaxel , injection in combination with prednisone for the treatment of patients with advanced metastatic prostate cancer in 2004 . Mesalazine in inflammatory bowel disease : a trendy topic once Benzylparaben ( BzP ) , a type of parabens being used as a preservative agent in cosmetics , food , and pharmaceutical products , may be ingested by humans . 
In this study , we performed an immature uterotrophic assay using Sprague Dawley ( SD ) rats by intragastric administration to determine the estrogenic effects of BzP and found significant increases in uterine weight with doses of 0 . 16 mg / kg body weight and higher ( P<0 . 05 ) . 
The in vivo estrogenicity of BzP was supported by in vitro results from the human estrogen receptor α ( hERα ) -coactivator recruiting assay and in silico molecular docking analysis performed in this study . 
The in vitro estrogenic activity of BzP can be observed at concentrations of 1 . 0×10 ( -8 ) M and higher . 
Molecular docking analysis showed that BzP fits well into the agonist pocket of hERα . 
The lowest observed effect dose ( LOED ) ( 0 . 16 mg / kg / day ) of BzP is much lower than the documented LOEDs of other parabens . 
Actual risk may exist for people who consume a diet high in BzP or use BzP-laden cosmetics . 
In addition , we tested the sensitivity of Wistar rats to 17β-estradiol by immature uterotrophic assay , and no obvious uterotrophic response was observed in the rats given doses up to 100 μg / kg body weight . A review on the development in the field of NIDDM based thiazolidinedione PPARγ agonists . Cooperative binding of ATP and MgADP in the sulfonylurea receptor is modulated by glibenclamide . Transport by OATP1B1 and OATP1B3 enhances the cytotoxicity of epigallocatechin 3-O-gallate and several quercetin derivatives . Stabilisation of amorphous drugs under high humidity using pharmaceutical thin films . The impact of FANCD2 deficiency on formaldehyde-induced toxicity in human lymphoblastoid cell lines . 7-Dehydrocholesterol ( 7-DHC ) accumulates in tissues and fluids of patients with Smith-Lemli-Opitz syndrome ( SLOS ) , which is caused by mutations in the gene encoding 3β-hydroxysterol-Δ ( 7 ) -reductase ( DHCR7 ) . 
We recently reported that 7-DHC is the most reactive lipid molecule toward free radical oxidation ( lipid peroxidation ) and 14 oxysterols have been identified as products of oxidation of 7-DHC in solution . 
As the high oxidizability of 7-DHC may lead to systemic oxidative stress in SLOS patients , we report here lipid biomarkers of oxidative stress in a Dhcr7-KO mouse model of SLOS , including oxysterols , isoprostanes ( IsoPs ) , and neuroprostanes ( NeuroPs ) that are formed from the oxidation of 7-DHC , arachidonic acid and docosahexaenoic acid , respectively . 
In addition to a previously described oxysterol , 3β , 5α-dihydroxycholest-7-en-6-one ( DHCEO ) , we provide evidence for the chemical structures of three new oxysterols in the brain and / or liver tissue of Dhcr7-KO mice , two of which were quantified . 
We find that levels of IsoPs and NeuroPs are also elevated in brain and / or liver tissues of Dhcr7-KO mice relative to matching WT mice . 
While IsoPs and NeuroPs have been established as a reliable measurement of lipid peroxidation and oxidative stress in vivo , we show that in this genetic SLOS mouse model , 7-DHC-derived oxysterols are present at much higher levels than IsoPs and NeuroPs and thus are better markers of lipid oxidation and related oxidative stress . Insulin is synthesized in the pancreatic beta cell as a larger precursor molecule proinsulin which is converted to insulin and C-peptide by the concerted action of prohormone convertase 2 ( PC2 ) , prohormone convertase 3 ( PC3 ) and carboxypeptidase E ( CPE ) . 
One of the features of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus ( NIDDM ) is an elevation in the proinsulin level and / or proinsulin / insulin molar ratio suggesting that mutations in these three proinsulin processing enzymes might contribute to the development of NIDDM . 
The identification of a mutation in the CPE gene of the fat / fat mouse which leads to marked hyperproinsulinaemia and late-onset obesity and diabetes is consistent with a possible role for mutations in CPE in the development of diabetes and obesity in humans . 
In order to test this hypothesis , we have isolated and characterized the human CPE gene and screened it for mutations in a group of Japanese subjects with NIDDM and obesity . 
The human CPE gene consists of 9 exons spanning more than 60 kb . 
Primer extension analysis identified the transcriptional start site at -141 bp from the translational start site . 
Single strand conformational polymorphism analysis and nucleotide sequencing of the promoter and entire coding region of the CPE gene in 269 Japanese subjects with NIDDM , 28 nondiabetic obese subjects and 104 nonobese and nondiabetic controls revealed three nucleotide changes , a G-to-T substitution at nucleotide -53 , a G-to-A substitution at nucleotide -144 ( relative to start of transcription ) in the promoter region and a silent G-to-A substitution in codon 219 . 
None of the nucleotide substitutions were associated with NIDDM or obesity . 
Thus , genetic variation in the CPE gene does not appear to play a major role in the pathogenesis of NIDDM or obesity in Japanese subjects . The Overexpression of Hypomethylated miR-663 Induces Chemotherapy Resistance in Human Breast Cancer Cells by Targeting Heparin Sulfate Proteoglycan 2 ( HSPG2 ) . Cyprodinil as an activator of aryl hydrocarbon receptor . Ecological studies in Taiwan , Chile , Argentina , Bangladesh , and Mexico have confirmed significant dose-dependent associations between ingestion of arsenic-contaminated drinking water and the risk of various human malignancies . 
The FHIT and WWOX genes are active in common fragile sites FRA3B and FRA16D , respectively . 
Reduced expression of FHIT or WWOX is known to be an early indicator of carcinogen-induced cancers . 
However , the effect of arsenite on the expressions and molecular mechanisms of these markers is still unclear . 
The aims of this study were ( i ) to observe the expression of ATR , WWOX and FHIT proteins in urothelial carcinoma ( UC ) between endemic and non-endemic areas of blackfoot disease ( BFD ) by immunohistochemical analyses; ( ii ) to compare expression of these genes between arsenite-treated SV-HUC-1 human epithelial cells and rat uroepithelial cells; and ( iii ) to determine the role of DNMT and MEK inhibitors on expressions of WWOX and FHIT in response to arsenite in SV-HUC-1 . 
The experiments revealed that expressions of ATR , WWOX and FHIT in UC significantly differed between BFD areas and non-BFD areas ( p = 0 . 003 , 0 . 009 and 0 . 021 , respectively ) . 
In fact , the results for the arsenite-treated groups showed that ATR , WWOX and FHIT are downregulated by arsenite in SV-HUC-1 . 
However , the inhibitors suppressed the effects of arsenite on WWOX and FHIT proteins and mRNA expression . 
In conclusion , arsenite decreased expressions of ATR , WWOX and FHIT via ERK1 / 2 activation in SV-HUC-1 cells . 
These findings confirm that dysregulations of these markers may contribute to arsenite-induced carcinogenesis . Hydrogen sulfide as an allosteric modulator of ATP-sensitive potassium channels in colonic inflammation . Immunomodulatory properties of pentoxifylline are mediated via adenosine-dependent pathways . We have previously isolated from human hemofiltrate an N-terminally truncated form of the hemofiltrate CC chemokine 1 ( HCC-1 ) , and characterized HCC-1 [ 9-74 ] as a strong agonist of CCR1 , CCR5 , and to a lower extent CCR3 . 
In this study , we show that conditioned media from human tumor cell lines PC-3 and 143B contain proteolytic activities that convert HCC-1 into the [ 9-74 ] form . 
This activity was fully inhibited by inhibitors of urokinase-type plasminogen activator ( uPA ) , including PA inhibitor-1 , an anti-uPA mAb , and amiloride . 
Pure preparations of uPA processed HCC-1 with high efficiency , without further degrading HCC-1 [ 9-74 ] . 
Plasmin could also generate HCC-1 [ 9-74 ] , but degraded the active product as well . 
The kinetics of HCC-1 cleavage by uPA and plasmin ( Michaelis constant , K ( m ) , of 0 . 76 + / - 0 . 4 microM for uPA , and 0 . 096 + / - 0 . 05 microM for plasmin; catalytic rate constant , k ( cat ) : 3 . 36 + / - 0 . 96 s ( -1 ) for uPA and 6 + / - 3 . 6 s ( -1 ) for plasmin ) are fully compatible with a role in vivo . 
The activation of an abundant inactive precursor into a broad-spectrum chemokine by uPA and plasmin directly links the production of uPA by numerous tumors and their ability to recruit mononuclear leukocytes , without the need for the transcriptional activation of chemokine genes . Although osteoclasts incorporate bisphosphonates during bone resorption , the mechanism of this incorporation by osteoclasts is not known . 
We previously reported that bisphosphonates disrupt the actin rings ( clear zones ) formed in normal osteoclasts , but did not disrupt actin rings in osteoclasts derived from osteosclerotic oc / oc mice , which have a defect in the gene encoding vacuolar H ( + ) -ATPase ( V-ATPase ) . 
The present study showed that V-ATPase is directly involved in the incorporation of risedronate , a nitrogen containing bisphosphonate , into osteoclasts . 
Treatment of osteoclasts with risedronate disrupted actin rings and inhibited pit formation by osteoclasts on dentine slices . 
Bafilomycin A ( 1 ) , a V-ATPase inhibitor , inhibited the pit-forming activity of osteoclasts but did not disrupt actin rings . 
Risedronate failed to disrupt actin rings in the presence of bafilomycin A ( 1 ) . 
E-64 , a lysosomal cysteine proteinase inhibitor , showed no inhibitory effect on the demineralization of dentine by osteoclasts but inhibited the digestion of dentine matrix proteins without disrupting actin rings . 
Risedronate disrupted actin rings even in the presence of E-64 . 
Treatment of osteoclasts placed on plastic plates with risedronate also disrupted actin rings . 
Bafilomycin A ( 1 ) but not E64 prevented the disruption of actin rings in osteoclasts treated with risedronate on plastic plates . 
Inhibition of V-ATPase with bafilomycin A ( 1 ) also prevented disruption of actin rings by etidronate , a non-nitrogen-containing bisphosphonate . 
These results suggest that V-ATPase induced acidification beneath the ruffled borders of osteoclasts and subsequent bone demineralization triggers the incorporation of both nitrogen-containing and non-nitrogen-containing bisphosphonates into osteoclasts . Flecainide block of Na ( + ) current ( I ( Na ) ) was investigated in wild-type ( WT ) or the long QT syndrome 3 ( LQT3 ) sodium channel alpha subunit mutation with three amino acids deleted ( DeltaKPQ ) stably transfected into human embryonic kidney 293 cells using whole-cell , patch-clamp recordings . 
Flecainide ( 1-300 mM ) caused tonic and use-dependent block ( UDB ) of I ( Na ) in a concentration-dependent manner . 
Compared with WT , DeltaKPQ I ( Na ) was more sensitive to flecainide , and flecainide preferentially inhibited late I ( Na ) ( mean current between 20 and 23 . 5 ms after depolarization ) compared with peak I ( Na ) . 
The IC ( 50 ) value of peak and late I ( Na ) for WT was 127 + / - 6 and 44 + / - 2 microM ( n = 20 ) and for DeltaKPQ was 80 + / - 9 and 19 + / - 2 microM ( n = 31 ) respectively . 
UDB of peak I ( Na ) was greater and developed more slowly during pulse trains for DeltaKPQ than for WT . 
The IC ( 50 ) value for UDB of peak I ( Na ) for WT was 29 + / - 4 microM ( n = 20 ) and for DeltaKPQ was 11 + / - 1 microM ( n = 26 ) . 
For DeltaKPQ , UDB of late I ( Na ) was greater than for peak I ( Na ) . 
Recovery from block was slower for DeltaKPQ than for WT . 
We conclude that DeltaKPQ interacts differently with flecainide than with WT , leading to increased block and slowed recovery , especially for late I ( Na ) . 
These data provide insights into mechanisms for flecainide block and provide a rationale at the cellular and molecular level that open channel block may be a useful pharmacological property for treatment of LQT3 . Cholesterol is associated with the regulation of melanogenesis which is the major physiological defense against solar irradiation . 
The present study was designed to determine the effects of artemisinic acid on melanogenesis and its mechanisms of action in human epidermal melanocytes . 
In this study , we found that artemisinic acid inhibited melanin content . 
The mRNA levels of microphthalmia-associated transcription factor ( MITF ) and its downstream genes tyrosinase , tyrosinase-related protein ( TRP ) -1 , and TRP-2 were reduced by artemisinic acid treatment . 
Additionally , the mRNA levels of melanogenesis-related genes ( c-KIT , stem cell factor ( SCF ) , and macrophage migration inhibitory factor ( MIF ) ) were down-regulated by artemisinic acid . 
Furthermore , cAMP production and protein kinase A ( PKA ) activity were suppressed by artemisinic acid . 
Moreover , attempts to elucidate a possible mechanism underlying the artemisinic acid-mediated effects revealed that artemisinic acid regulated melanogenesis by inhibiting cholesterol synthesis through downregulation of the hydroxymethylglutaryl CoA ( HMG CoA ) reductase gene , which was mediated through reduced expression of the CCAAT / enhancer-binding protein ( C / EBP ) α gene . 
Taken together , these findings indicate that the inhibition of melanogenesis by artemisinic acid occurs through reduced expression of the HMG CoA reductase gene , which is mediated by C / EBP α inhibition and suggest that artemisinic acid may be useful as a hyperpigmentation inhibitor . Free radical products including reactive oxygen species are potent to oxidize lipids and reliable measurements have been established mostly in human and rodent . 
To date , robust biomarkers were not used to assess the peroxidation in marine fish . 
The changes of oxidized lipid products from polyunsaturated fatty acids and cholesterol were assessed after exposure of H ( 2 ) O ( 2 ) to fish ( medaka ) . 
Oxidized lipid products released by free radical reaction ( F ( 2 ) -isoprostanes and metabolites , F ( 3 ) -isoprostanes , neuroprostanes , 7-ketocholesterol , 7β-hydroxycholesterol ) , by lipoxygenase enzymes ( 5 ( S ) - , 8 ( S ) - , 12 ( S ) - and 15 ( S ) -HETE , and resolvin D1 ) and by cytochrome P450 ( 9 ( S ) - , 11 ( S ) - and 20-HETE , and 27-hydroxycholestrol ) were measured in fish muscle using LC / MS / MS . 
Arachidonate , docosahexaenoate , eicosapentaenoate and cholesterol levels , and antioxidant enzymes activity ( catalase , SOD and gluthathione reductase ) measurement were also determined . 
Activity of antioxidant enzymes especially catalase were elevated in presence of H ( 2 ) O ( 2 ) however longer exposure time suppressed the antioxidant activities . 
Arachidonate , docosahexaenoate , eicosapentaenoate and cholesterol levels were reduced in presence of H ( 2 ) O ( 2 ) and oxidized lipid products ( isoprostanes , neuroprostanes 5 ( S ) -HETE , 20-HETE , 7-ketocholesterol , 27-hydroxycholesterol and resolvin D1 ) were rapidly released in the fish muscle . 
This study validates oxidized lipid products , noticeably isoprostanes are measurable in marine fish muscle and should be considered when assessing oxidative stress especially due to exogenous factors . Estradiol ( E2 ) is the principal physiological estrogen in mammals . 
E2 and its active metabolites , estrone and estriol have a characteristic phenolic A ring , unlike progesterone , testosterone , cortisol and aldosterone , which have an A ring containing a C3-ketone , a Δ ( 4 ) bond and a C19 methyl group . 
Crystal structures of E2 in the estrogen receptor ( ER ) confirm the importance of the A ring in stabilizing E2 in the ER . 
However , other steroids , including Δ ( 5 ) -androstenediol , 5α-androstanediol and 27-hydroxycholesterol , which have a saturated A ring containing a 3β-hydroxyl and a C19 methyl group , also mediate physiological responses through binding to estrogen receptor-α ( ERα ) and ERβ . 
Moreover , selective estrogen response modulators ( SERMs ) with diverse structures also regulate transcription of ERα and ERβ . 
Our understanding of the physiological responses mediated by these "alternative" estrogens is in its infancy . 
Further studies of the role of these steroids and SERMs in regulating responses mediated by ERα and ERβ a variety of tissues , during different stages of development , are likely to uncover additional estrogenic activities . Adapalene , a new chemical entity with retinoid activity . Cyclooxygenase-1-coupled prostaglandin biosynthesis constitutes an essential prerequisite for skin repair . Pregnane X Receptor Mediates Dyslipidemia Induced by the HIV Protease Inhibitor Amprenavir in Mice . The purpose of this study was to compare the angiotensin II type 1 receptor antagonist candesartan cilexitil ( candesartan ) and the angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor cilazapril on cardiac function , assessed by Doppler echocardiography and cardiac gene expression associated with cardiac remodeling , in rats with myocardial infarction . 
Candesartan or cilazapril was administered after myocardial infarction . 
At 1 and 4 weeks after myocardial infarction , cardiac function and mRNA expression in noninfarcted myocardium were analyzed . 
Candesartan and cilazapril equally prevented increases in hypertrophy in noninfarcted myocardium , left ventricular dilatation , and ejection fraction at 4 weeks . 
The E-wave / A-wave velocity ratio and the rate of E-wave deceleration , measures of diastolic function , increased to 9 . 2 + / -0 . 6 and 26 . 3 + / -2 . 
6 m / s2 at 1 week after myocardial infarction . 
Candesartan and cilazapril , administered at a dose of 1 mg / kg per day , prevented increases in E-wave / A-wave velocity ratio and E-wave deceleration at 1 and 4 weeks . 
Candesartan and cilazapril significantly suppressed increased mRNA expression of beta-myosin heavy chain , alpha-skeletal actin , and atrial natriuretic peptide in noninfarcted ventricle at 1 and 4 weeks and expression of collagen I and III at 4 weeks to a similar extent . 
When given at a dose of 10 mg / kg per day , both candesartan and cilazapril prevented cardiac dysfunction and gene expression to the same extent as when given at 1 mg / kg per day . 
In conclusion , Doppler echocardiography showed that candesartan and cilazapril equally improved systolic and diastolic function and that ventricular remodeling accompanied modulation of cardiac gene expression . We have previously reported that glucose-stimulated insulin secretion ( GSIS ) is tightly correlated with pyruvate carboxylase ( PC ) -catalyzed anaplerotic flux into the tricarboxylic acid cycle and stimulation of pyruvate cycling activity . 
To further evaluate the role of PC in beta-cell function , we constructed a recombinant adenovirus containing a small interfering RNA ( siRNA ) specific to PC ( Ad-siPC ) . 
Ad-siPC reduced PC mRNA levels by 83 and 64% and PC protein by 56 and 35% in INS-1-derived 832 / 13 cells and primary rat islets , respectively . 
Surprisingly , this manipulation did not impair GSIS in rat islets . 
In Ad-siPC-treated 832 / 13 cells , GSIS was slightly increased , whereas glycolytic rate and glucose oxidation were unaffected . 
Flux through PC at high glucose was decreased by only 20% , suggesting an increase in PC-specific activity . 
Acetyl carnitine , a surrogate for acetyl-CoA , an allosteric activator of PC , was increased by 36% in Ad-siPC-treated cells , suggesting a mechanism by which PC enzymatic activity is maintained with suppressed PC protein levels . 
In addition , the NADPH : NADP ratio , a proposed coupling factor for GSIS , was unaffected in Ad-siPC-treated cells . 
We conclude that beta-cells activate compensatory mechanisms in response to suppression of PC expression that prevent impairment of anaplerosis , pyruvate cycling , NAPDH production , and GSIS . The effect of estramustine derivatives on microtubule assembly in vitro depends on the charge of the substituent . Glucagon-like peptide 1 ( GLP-1 ) and GLP-1 receptor agonists increase the beta-cell mass in rodent models of type 2 diabetes and enhance the proliferation rate of beta cells in vitro , while the long-term effect in vivo in non-diabetic animals is unknown . 
We studied the endocrine pancreas in non-diabetic Sprague-Dawley rats after short- and long-term treatment with NN2211 , an acetylated long-acting derivative of GLP-1 . 
Four groups of rats ( n = 6 for each group ) received two daily injections with either NN2211 or vehicle for 1 or 6 weeks . 
NN2211-treated rats displayed a 10% lower body weight after both 1 week ( p<0 . 001 ) and 6 weeks ( p<0 . 005 ) of treatment . 
The mean beta-cell mass in NN2211-treated rats was increased by 19% after 1 week of treatment ( p<0 . 05 ) , but normalized after 6 weeks of treatment . 
No difference in alpha-cell mass , volume-weighted mean islet volume , or pancreas mass was found after 1 or 6 weeks of treatment . 
We conclude that NN2211 treatment of non-diabetic rats induces a sustained lower body weight , and an only temporary increase in the beta-cell mass , while the alpha-cell mass and the volume-weighted mean islet volume are unaffected by the treatment . 1 , 25 ( OH ) ( 2 ) D ( 3 ) regulates calcium homeostasis through its actions in the intestine , bone , and kidney . 
These actions are mediated through the VDR . 
To determine if VDR's actions in the proximal small intestine can sufficiently restore calcium homeostasis , we generated transgenic mice expressing hVDR exclusively in the duodenum of mVDR-null mice by using the adenosine deaminase enhancer ( hVDR + / mVDR-null ) . 
Unlike wild-type mice , hVDR + / mVDR-null mice express hVDR and VDR target genes only in the proximal small intestine . 
Despite having functional hVDR in the proximal small intestine , hVDR + / mVDR-null mice were hypocalcaemic when fed a normal rodent diet at weaning , like mVDR-null mice fed the same diet . 
The hypocalcemia in these mice is prevented if they are given the rescue diet before weaning . 
However , when 90-day-old rachitic mice were fed a rescue diet , serum calcium improved in hVDR + / mVDR-null mice , but not in mVDR-null mice . 
In conclusion , transgenic hVDR in the proximal small intestine of hVDR + / mVDR-null mice was transcriptionally active and regulated calcium absorption , but VDR actions elsewhere in the intestine are probably necessary to support adequate calcium homeostasis . 
In addition , hVDR + / mVDR-null mice responded better to the late rescue diet suggesting that expression of VDR in the proximal small intestine protected the calcium absorbing machinery from age-dependent decline . Insulin replacement therapy corrects a core defect of diabetes pathophysiology . 
Since its introduction as a therapeutic modality almost 100 years ago , insulin therapy has undergone remarkable changes in purity and ability to provide more physiologic control of blood glucose levels . 
With glucose-lowering potential limited only by risks of hypoglycaemia , which remains the major limitation in our ability to achieve glycaemic goals , insulin replacement therapy remains a cornerstone of therapy . 
Major progress in reducing the risks of hypoglycemia has occurred with the development of insulin analogs . 
This review article briefly chronicles the evolution of insulin replacement strategies , highlighting both challenges in pharmaceutical development and patient acceptance , underscoring achievements , as well as denoting what improvements are still needed . Arsenic is one of the most hazardous substances in the environment known to cause toxicity in multiple organs . 
Cell adhesion , morphological alterations , cell proliferation , terminal deoxyuridine triphosphate nick-end labeling ( TUNEL ) and caspase-3 / CPP32 fluorometric protease assay were important biomarkers to assess apoptosis in cells . 
This study aimed to evaluate arsenic-induced apoptosis in the hepatocytes of rat and its protective efficacy with coadministration of ascorbic acid ( AA ) and Pleurotus florida lectin ( PFL ) individually . 
Results of the present study also showed that arsenic caused cytotoxicity by elevating morphological alterations , TUNEL-positive nuclei , caspase-3 activity and DNA damage and reducing cell adhesion and cell proliferation in a time-dependent manner . 
The apoptosis in hepatocytes was reverted to normal value after coadministration of mushroom lectin in arsenic-exposed rat . 
The study provided significant evidence that PFL has antiapoptotic property against arsenic-induced toxicity . 
The beneficial effect of PFL was proportional to its duration of exposure . 
Retard activities of superoxide dismutase and catalase , enhanced lipid peroxidation as well as protein carbonyl in erythrocytes caused by arsenic could also be maintained toward normalcy by supplementation of AA and PFL . 
These antioxidative effects were exhibited in a time-dependant manner . 
In rat , treatment with AA and PFL prevented alteration of plasma enzyme activities caused by arsenic . 
The results concluded that treatment with PFL has significant role in protecting animals from arsenic-induced erythrocytic damage . 
This finding might be of therapeutic benefit in people suffering from chronic exposure to arsenic from natural sources , a global problem especially relevant to millions of people on the Indian subcontinent . Two fan-shaped bile acid trimers have been synthesized via Cu ( I ) -catalyzed azide-alkyne cycloaddition ( CuAAC ) 'click chemistry' , and their extraction experiments of cresol red sodium ( CR ) and pyrene were investigated in the polar and non-polar solvents , respectively . 
The transmission electron microscopy ( TEM ) results showed that the homogenous hollow capsules formed with the diameter size range of 40-70 nm in a solution of water and acetone . 
Thus the amphiphilicity of fan-shaped bile acid trimers might be used as the promising candidate in biological and drug delivery applications . OBJECTIVE : Caspase-1 plays an important functional role mediating neuronal cell death and dysfunction after experimental traumatic brain injury ( TBI ) in mice . 
Minocycline , a derivative of the antibiotic tetracycline , inhibits caspase-1 expression . 
This study investigates whether minocycline can ameliorate TBI-mediated injury in mice . 
METHODS : Brains from mice subjected to traumatic brain injury underwent immunohistochemical analyses for caspase-1 , caspase-3 , and a neuronal specific marker ( NeuN ) . 
Minocycline- and saline-treated mice subjected to traumatic brain injury were compared with respect to neurological function , lesion volume , and interleukin-1beta production . 
RESULTS : Immunohistochemical analysis revealed that activated caspase-1 and caspase-3 are present in neurons 24 hours after TBI . 
Intraperitoneal administration of minocycline 12 hours before or 30 minutes after TBI in mice resulted in improved neurological function when compared with mice given saline control , as assessed by Rotarod performance 1 to 4 days after TBI . 
The lesion volume , assessed 4 days after trauma , was significantly decreased in mice treated with minocycline before or after trauma when compared with saline-treated mice . 
Caspase-1 activity , quantified by measuring mature interleukin-1beta production by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay , was considerably increased in mice that underwent TBI , and this increase was significantly diminished in minocycline-treated mice . 
CONCLUSION : We show for the first time that caspase-1 and caspase-3 activities localize specifically within neurons after experimental brain trauma . 
Further , these results indicate that minocycline is an effective pharmacological agent for reducing tissue injury and neurological deficits that result from experimental TBI , likely through a caspase-1-dependent mechanism . 
These results provide an experimental rationale for the evaluation of minocycline in human trauma patients . Kinetic studies of tetrameric recombinant human tyrosine hydroxylase isoform 1 ( hTH1 ) have revealed properties so far not reported for this enzyme . 
Firstly , with the natural cofactor ( 6R ) -Lerythro-5 , 6 , 7 , 8-tetrahydrobiopterin ( H4biopterin ) a time-dependent change ( burst ) in enzyme activity was observed , with a half-time of about 20 s for the kinetic transient . 
Secondly , nonhyperbolic saturation behaviour was found for H4biopterin with a pronounced negative cooperativity ( 0 . 39 < h < 0 . 58; [ S ] 0 . 5 = 24 + / - 4 microM ) . 
On phosphorylation of Ser40 by protein kinase A , the affinity for H4biopterin increased ( [ S ] 0 . 5 = 11 + / - 2 microM ) and the negative cooperativity was amplified ( h = 0 . 27 + / - 0 . 03 ) . 
The dimeric C-terminal deletion mutant ( Delta473-528 ) of hTH1 also showed negative cooperativity of H4biopterin binding ( h = 0 . 4 ) . 
Cooperativity was not observed with the cofactor analogues 6-methyl-5 , 6 , 7 , 8-tetrahydropterin ( h = 0 . 9 + / - 0 . 1; Km = 62 . 7 + / - 5 . 7 microM ) and 3-methyl-5 , 6 , 7 , 8-tetrahydropterin ( H43-methyl-pterin ) ( h = 1 . 0 + / - 0 . 1; Km = 687 + / - 50 microM ) . 
In the presence of 1 mM H43-methyl-pterin , used as a competitive cofactor analogue to BH4 , hyperbolic saturation curves were also found for H4biopterin ( h = 1 . 0 ) , thus confirming the genuine nature of the kinetic negative cooperativity . 
This cooperativity was confirmed by real-time biospecific interaction analysis by surface plasmon resonance detection . 
The equilibrium binding of H4biopterin to the immobilized iron-free apoenzyme results in a saturable positive resonance unit ( DeltaRU ) response with negative cooperativity ( h = 0 . 52-0 . 56 ) . 
Infrared spectroscopic studies revealed a reduced thermal stability both of the apo-and the holo-hTH1 on binding of H4biopterin and Lerythro-dihydrobiopterin ( H2biopterin ) . 
Moreover , the ligand-bound forms of the enzyme also showed a decreased resistance to limited tryptic proteolysis . 
These findings indicate that the binding of H4biopterin at the active site induces a destabilizing conformational change in the enzyme which could be related to the observed negative cooperativity . 
Thus , our studies provide new insight into the regulation of TH by the concentration of H4biopterin which may have significant implications for the physiological regulation of catecholamine biosynthesis in neuroendocrine cells . BACKGROUND : Nerve injury in animals increases alpha ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor expression in dorsal root ganglion cells and results in novel excitatory responses to their activation , perhaps leading to the phenomenon of sympathetically maintained pain . 
In contrast to this notion , peripheral alpha ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor stimulation fails to induce pain in patients with chronic pain . 
We hypothesized that alpha ( 2 ) adrenoceptors at the site of nerve injury play an inhibitory , not excitatory role . 
METHODS : Partial sciatic nerve ligation was performed on rats , resulting in a reduction in withdrawal threshold to tactile stimulation . 
Animals received perineural injection at the injury site of clonidine , saline , or clonidine plus an alpha ( 2 ) -adrenergic antagonist , and withdrawal threshold was monitored . 
Immunohistochemistry was performed on the sciatic nerve ipsi- and contralateral to injury and on the spinal cord . 
RESULTS : Clonidine reduced this hypersensitivity in a dose-dependent manner , and this was blocked by an alpha ( 2A ) -preferring antagonist . 
Perineural clonidine injection had a slow onset ( days ) and prolonged duration ( weeks ) . 
Systemic or intrathecal clonidine , or transient neural blockade with ropivacaine , had short lasting or no effect on hypersensitivity . 
alpha ( 2A ) -adrenoceptor immunostaining was increased near the site of peripheral nerve injury , both in neurons and in immune cells ( macrophages and T lymphocytes ) . 
Phosphorylated cAMP response element binding protein ( pCREB ) in lumbar spinal cord was increased ipsilateral to nerve injury , and this was reduced 1 week after perineural clonidine injection . 
CONCLUSIONS : These data suggest that peripheral alpha ( 2 ) adrenoceptors are concentrated at the site of peripheral nerve injury , and their activation receptors produce long-lasting reductions in abnormal spinal cord gene activation and mechanical hypersensitivity . Presynaptic CaMKIIα modulates dopamine D3 receptor activation in striatonigral terminals of the rat brain in a Ca ( 2 + ) dependent manner . Lysine 48-linked polyubiquitination of organic anion transporter-1 is essential for its protein kinase C-regulated endocytosis . Post-hoc analysis of two phase III clinical studies found that the phosphodiesterase 4 ( PDE4 ) inhibitor , roflumilast , reduced exacerbation frequency in patients with severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( COPD ) who were taking inhaled corticosteroids ( ICS ) concomitantly , whereas patients not taking ICS derived no such benefit . 
In contrast , in two different trials also performed in patients with severe COPD , roflumilast reduced exacerbation rates in the absence of ICS , indicating that PDE4 inhibition alone is sufficient for therapeutic activity to be realized . 
Given that roflumilast is recommended as an "add-on" medication to patients with severe disease who will inevitably be taking a long-acting β2-adrenoceptor agonist ( LABA ) / ICS combination therapy , we tested the hypothesis that roflumilast augments the ability of glucocorticoids to induce genes with anti-inflammatory activity . 
Using a glucocorticoid response element ( GRE ) luciferase reporter transfected into human airway epithelial cells [ both bronchial epithelium + adenovirus 12 - SV40 hybrid ( BEAS-2B ) cells and primary cultures ] , roflumilast enhanced fluticasone propionate-induced GRE-dependent transcription . 
Roflumilast also produced a sinistral displacement of the concentration-response curves that described the augmentation of GRE-dependent transcription by the LABA formoterol . 
In BEAS-2B cells and primary airway epithelia , roflumilast interacted with formoterol in a positive cooperative manner to enhance the expression of several glucocorticoid-inducible genes that have anti-inflammatory potential . 
We suggest that the ability of roflumilast and formoterol to interact in this way supports the concept that these drugs together may impart clinical benefit beyond that achievable by an ICS alone , a PDE4 inhibitor alone , or an ICS / LABA combination therapy . 
Roflumilast may , therefore , be especially effective in patients with severe COPD . Combining GLP-1 receptor agonists with insulin : therapeutic rationales and clinical findings . Mesoporous Silica Nanoparticles Act as a Self-Adjuvant for Ovalbumin Model Antigen in Mice . Identification of transporters associated with Etoposide sensitivity of stomach cancer cell lines and methotrexate sensitivity of breast cancer cell lines by quantitative targeted absolute proteomics . Exogenous C2-ceramide activates c-fos serum response element via Rac-dependent signalling pathway . Low Driving Voltage and High Mobility Ambipolar Field-Effect Transistors with PbS Colloidal Nanocrystals . Lithium treatment induces proteasomal degradation of over-expressed acetylcholinesterase ( AChE-S ) and inhibit GSK3β . [ Use of biosensors for detecting organophosphorus agents ] . Inhibitory effects of lysine analogues on t-PA induced whole blood clot lysis . A group of proteases , the matrix metalloproteinases ( MMPs ) are well known for their capacity to degrade extracellular matrix ( ECM ) proteins . 
Particularly MMP-2 and MMP-9 contribute to the degradation and reorganization of the ECM components and are involved in the pathophysiology of cardiovascular remodeling . 
Imbalanced MMP activity promotes vascular smooth muscle cells and migration and proliferation and endothelial dysfunction , thus resulting in increased cardiovascular stiffness and hypertrophy . 
Furthermore , MMP-2 cleaves non-ECM protein substrates including cellular receptors and intracellular proteins , thus causing cardiac and vascular dysfunction . 
It is now becoming clear that increased MMP activity promotes long-lasting cardiovascular structural and functional alterations in both experimental and clinical hypertension , and this alteration may contribute to sustained hypertension and its complications . 
Other pathogenic mechanisms including activation of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system and oxidative stress activate and upregulate MMPs . 
Therefore , MMP inhibition may prevent the deleterious consequences of hypertension to the cardiovascular system . 
This review article will focus on growing evidence supporting the relevance of MMPs in hypertension and the effects of MMP inhibitors . 
Particularly , the effects of doxycycline used as a non selective MMP inhibitor in experimental and clinical studies will be discussed . Reduced plasma oxytocin levels in female patients with borderline personality disorder . The 'vascular depression' hypothesis has recently attracted significant research attention , although the causal relationship between vascular-related injuries and depression has not been established . 
Here , we show that one episode of cerebral ischemia was sufficient to greatly increase the sensitivity of rats to potentially depressogenic events , evaluated at below-threshold intensities in the open space swim test . 
The induced 'ischemic depression' was lasting and sensitive to an acute administration of brain-derived neurotrophic factor or bryostatin-1 , a relatively selective activator of protein kinase Cε , during the induction phase . 
Chronic treatment with bryostatin-1 ( 5 weeks ) after the induction of depressive behavior reversed the depressive immobility and produced a lasting therapeutic effect , which remained effective 3 weeks after discontinuation of the treatment . 
Similar treatment with alaproclate , a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor , in contrast , produced temporary relief from the depressive symptoms , with the therapeutic effect disappearing soon after the end of the treatment . 
The results strongly suggest that cerebral ischemia has a direct role in shaping the sensitivity of an individual to depressogenic events and that bryostatin-1-like agents may be developed as therapeutics for treating ischemic depression in humans . Novel benzamide derivatives were synthesized and tested at in vitro assay by measuring fold increase of glucokinase activity at 5 . 0 mM glucose concentration . 
Among the prepared compounds , YH-GKA was found to be an active glucokinase activator with EC ( 50 ) of 70 nM . 
YH-GKA showed similar glucose AUC reduction of 29 . 6% ( 50 mg / kg ) in an OGTT study with C57BL / J6 mice compared to 29 . 9% for metformin ( 300 mg / kg ) . 
Acute treatment of the compound in C57BL / J6 and ob / ob mice elicited basal glucose lowering activity . 
In subchronic study with ob / ob mice , YH-GKA showed significant decrease in blood glucose levels and no adverse effects on serum lipids or body weight . 
In addition , YH-GKA exhibited high bioavailability and moderate elimination in preclinical species . New genetic associations in thiopurine-related bone marrow toxicity among inflammatory bowel disease patients . Combined cancer treatment via co-delivery of siRNAs and an anticancer drug can be a promising strategy due to the synergistic effect of simultaneously minimizing gene / drug administration . 
In this study , Bcl-xL siRNA and doxorubicin ( DOX ) are encapsulated into designed methoxy-poly ( ethylene glycol ) -block-poly ( D , L-lactic acid ) ( mPEG-b-PLA ) block copolymer polymersomes ( PSomes ) . 
A study of the cytotoxicity of Bcl-xL siRNA and DOX co-encapsulated PSomes ( CPSomes ) shows more inhibited proliferation of MKN-45 and MKN-28 human gastric cancer cell lines than only gene- and drug-loaded ones . 
Consequently , these results demonstrate that co-delivery of genes and drugs using PSomes results in a synergistic efficacy and indicates the potential of PSomes as efficient nanocarriers for combined cancer therapy . Inhibition of MCP-1 and MIP-2 transcription and translation by mimosine in muscle tissue infected with the parasite Trichinella spiralis . A new human weakly inward rectifying K + channel , TWIK-1 , has been isolated . 
This channel is 336 amino acids long and has four transmembrane domains . 
Unlike other mammalian K + channels , it contains two pore-forming regions called P domains . 
Genes encoding structural homologues are present in the genome of Caenorhabditis elegans . 
TWIK-1 currents expressed in Xenopus oocytes are time-independent and present a nearly linear I-V relationship that saturated for depolarizations positive to O mV in the presence of internal Mg2 + . 
This inward rectification is abolished in the absence of internal Mg2 + . 
TWIK-1 has a unitary conductance of 34 pS and a kinetic behaviour that is dependent on the membrane potential . 
In the presence of internal Mg2 + , the mean open times are 0 . 3 and 1 . 9 ms at -80 and + 80 mV , respectively . 
The channel activity is up-regulated by activation of protein kinase C and down-regulated by internal acidification . 
Both types of regulation are indirect . 
TWIK-1 channel activity is blocked by Ba2 + ( IC50 = 100 microM ) , quinine ( IC50 = 50 microM ) and quinidine ( IC50 = 95 microM ) . 
This channel is of particular interest because its mRNA is widely distributed in human tissues , and is particularly abundant in brain and heart . 
TWIK-1 channels are probably involved in the control of background K + membrane conductances . Low plasma fibrinolytic activity in association with increased plasma plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 ( PAI-1 ) levels has been linked to an increased risk of atherosclerosis in obesity and type 2 diabetes . 
We tested the hypothesis that troglitazone , which improves insulin sensitivity and lowers plasma insulin levels in insulin-resistant obese subjects and patients with type 2 diabetes , would also lower circulating PAI-1 antigen concentrations and activity . 
We assessed insulin sensitivity ( 5-h , 80 mU x m ( -2 ) x min ( -1 ) hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp ) and measured plasma PAI-1 antigen and activities and tissue plasminogen activator ( tPA ) in 14 patients with type 2 diabetes and 20 normal control subjects ( 10 lean , 10 obese ) before and after 3 months of treatment with troglitazone ( 600 mg / day ) . 
At baseline , plasma PAI-1 antigen levels after an overnight fast were significantly higher in the obese ( 33 . 5 + / - 4 . 7 microg / l ) and type 2 diabetic subjects ( 54 . 9 + / - 6 . 3 microg / l ) than in the lean control subjects ( 16 . 3 + / - 3 . 2 microg / l; P < 0 . 01 and P < 0 . 001 , respectively ) . 
Troglitazone decreased plasma PAI-1 antigen concentrations in the diabetic patients ( 36 . 8 + / - 5 . 0 microg / l; P < 0 . 001 vs . 
baseline ) , but the reduction in the obese subjects did not reach statistical significance ( baseline , 33 . 5 + / - 4 . 7; after troglitazone , 25 . 6 + / - 5 . 2 microg / l ) . 
Changes in plasma PAI-1 activity paralleled those of PAI-1 antigen . 
The extent of the reduction in plasma PAI-1 antigen concentrations in the diabetic patients after troglitazone correlated with the reductions in fasting plasma insulin ( r = 0 . 60 , P < 0 . 05 ) , nonesterified fatty acid ( r = 0 . 63 , P < 0 . 02 ) , and glucose concentrations ( r = 0 . 64 , P < 0 . 02 ) but not with the improvement in glucose disposal rates during the glucose clamps . 
Three nonresponders to troglitazone with respect to effects on insulin sensitivity and fasting glucose and insulin levels also had no reduction in circulating PAI-1 . 
In conclusion , troglitazone enhances fibrinolytic system activity in insulin-resistant type 2 diabetic patients . 
This effect appears to be intimately linked to its potential to lower plasma insulin levels and improve glycemic control through its peripheral tissue insulin-sensitizing effects . High expression of Cyr61 , an extracellular cysteine-rich heparin-binding protein , has been associated with a malignant cell phenotype and poor outcome in prostate cancers . 
Although Cyr61 was found by us to be overproduced in androgen-independent PC-3 cells treated with N-acetylcysteine ( NAC ) , its significance is still unclear . 
We therefore aimed to determine how and why Cyr61 protein is overexpressed in NAC-treated cells . 
Here , we found that Cyr61 protein level markedly increased in cells treated with NAC at high cell seeding density . 
Silencing of Cyr61 by siRNA induced enhanced activity of caspase-3 / 7 , upregulation of the proapototic Bok , BimL and BimS , cleavage of apoptosis hallmarkers such as Bax , PARP and caspase-3 , and downregulation of antiapoptotic Bcl2 , Bcl-xL and Mcl-1 proteins . 
NAC treatment caused a reduction of extracellular medium pH to acidic and an increase in Akt phosphorylation , after which the replacement with NAC-free medium returned them to control levels within 24h . 
Acid stimulation increased the levels of Cyr61 and p-Akt proteins , whereas it suppressed the induction of proapoptotic and antiapoptotic proteins . 
Overall , our data indicate that PC-3 cells overproduce Cyr61 protein via activation of the PI3K / Akt signaling as a part of the survival mechanisms under the conditions causing extracellular acidity and further cytotoxicity . Galanin attenuates cyclic AMP regulatory element-binding protein ( CREB ) phosphorylation induced by chronic morphine and naloxone challenge in Cath . 
a cells and primary striatal cultures . Involvement of μ-opioid receptors in antinociceptive action of botulinum toxin type A . Paeonia suffruticosa has been traditionally employed for vitalizing blood circulation and alleviating liver and inflammatory diseases . 
The pathways by which palbinone ( PB ) isolated from P . 
suffruticosa mediates heme oxygenase-1 ( HO-1 ) induction were investigated using the specific inhibitors for PI3K and mitogen activated protein kinases pathways . 
The effect of PB-treatment on Nrf2 translocalization and HO-1-antioxidant response element ( ARE ) regulation was examined employing Western blot and luciferase assays . 
PB induced HO-1 expression via the activation of Nrf2 in the hepatic cells , and ARE-dependent genes were stimulated via the PB-mediated Nrf2 activation . 
PB-mediated HO-1 expression could be involved with PI3K / Akt and ERK1 / 2 pathways . 
Our study suggests the mechanism by which PB induces HO-1 expression in the hepatic cells . 
This might substantiate the traditional applications of P . 
suffruticosa for the treatment of oxidative stress-related diseases including oxidant and inflammatory-mediated vascular and liver diseases . 
Copyright © 2013 John Wiley & Sons , Ltd . GluR5 kainate receptors , seizures , and the amygdala . Continuous infusions of 5-hydroxytryptamine ( 5-HT ) inhibit the tachycardiac responses to preganglionic ( C7-T1 ) sympathetic stimulation in pithed rats pretreated with desipramine . 
The present study identified the pharmacological profile of this inhibitory action of 5-HT . 
The inhibition induced by intravenous ( i . 
v . 
) continuous infusions of 5-HT ( 5 . 6 microg x kg-1x min-1 ) on sympathetically induced tachycardiac responses remained unaltered after i . 
v . 
treatment with saline or the antagonists GR 127935 ( 5-HT1B / 1D ) , the combination of WAY 100635 ( 5-HT1A ) plus GR 127935 , ritanserin ( 5-HT2 ) , tropisetron ( 5-HT3 / 4 ) , LY215840 ( 5-HT7 ) or a cocktail of antagonists / inhibitors consisting of yohimbine ( alpha2 ) , prazosin ( alpha1 ) , ritanserin , GR 127935 , WAY 100635 and indomethacin ( cyclooxygenase ) , but was abolished by methiothepin ( 5-HT1 / 2 / 6 / 7 and recombinant 5-ht5A / 5B ) . 
These drugs , used in doses high enough to block their respective receptors / mechanisms , did not modify the sympathetically induced tachycardiac responses per se . 
I . 
v . 
continuous infusions of the agonists 5-carboxamidotryptamine ( 5-CT; 5-HT1 / 7 and recombinant 5-ht5A / 5B ) , CP 93129 ( r5-HT1B ) , sumatriptan ( 5-HT1B / 1D ) , PNU-142633 ( 5-HT1D ) and ergotamine ( 5-HT1B / 1D and recombinant 5-ht5A / 5B ) mimicked the above sympatho-inhibition to 5-HT . 
In contrast , the agonists indorenate ( 5-HT1A ) and LY344864 ( 5-ht1F ) were inactive . 
Interestingly , 5-CT-induced cardiac sympatho-inhibition was abolished by methiothepin , the cocktail of antagonists / inhibitors , GR 127935 or the combination of SB224289 ( 5-HT1B ) plus BRL15572 ( 5-HT1D ) , but remained unchanged when SB224289 or BRL15572 were given separately . 
Therefore , 5-HT-induced cardiac sympatho-inhibition , being unrelated to 5-HT2 , 5-HT3 , 5-HT4 , 5-ht6 , 5-HT7 receptors , alpha1 / 2-adrenoceptor or prostaglandin synthesis , seems to be primarily mediated by ( i ) . 
5-HT1 ( probably 5-HT1B / 1D ) receptors and ( ii ) . 
a novel mechanism antagonized by methiothepin that , most likely , involves putative 5-ht5A / 5B receptors . Pharmacokinetic aspects of deprenyl effects . The neurotoxicity of hallucinogenic amphetamines in primary cultures of hippocampal neurons . Multiple protective effects of melatonin against maternal cholestasis-induced oxidative stress and apoptosis in the rat fetal liver-placenta-maternal liver trio . The main remethylation defects include disorders which all have defective methionine synthesis in common . 
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase deficiency impairs methyltetrahydrofolate synthesis , defects in cytosolic reduction of hydroxocobalamin ( CblC / D ) impair the synthesis of both methyl- and adenosyl cobalamin and deficiencies of methionine synthase ( CblE / G ) are associated with defective methyl cobalamin synthesis . 
The clinical presentation is characterized by acute neurological distress in early infancy . 
In childhood , patients present with progressive encephalopathy with an end-stage which has many signs in common with the adult onset form . 
In fact , both have more or less severe signs of subacute degeneration of the cord . 
Cobalamin defective patients must be treated with parenteral supplementation of hydroxocobalamin ( 1-2 mg per dose ) . 
Some methylenetetrahydrofolate patients could be folate responsive and must have a high-dosage folate trial . 
In addition , oral betaine supplementation ( 2-9 g per day depending on age ) appears an effective means to prevent further neurological deterioration . Zileuton prevents the activation of the leukotriene pathway and reduces sebaceous lipogenesis . Sitagliptin ( MK-0431 ) is an oral , potent , and selective dipeptidyl peptidase-IV ( DPP-4 ) inhibitor developed for the treatment of type 2 diabetes . 
This multicenter , randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled study examined the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic effects of sitagliptin in obese subjects . 
Middle-aged ( 45-63 years ) , nondiabetic , obese ( body mass index : 30-40 kg / m2 ) men and women were randomized to sitagliptin 200 mg bid ( n = 24 ) or placebo ( n = 8 ) for 28 days . 
Steady-state plasma concentrations of sitagliptin were achieved within 2 days of starting treatment , and >90% of the dose was excreted unchanged in urine . 
Sitagliptin treatment led to approximately 90% inhibition of plasma DPP-4 activity , increased active glucagon-like peptide-1 ( GLP-1 ) levels by 2 . 7-fold ( P < . 001 ) , and decreased post-oral glucose tolerance test glucose excursion by 35% ( P < . 050 ) compared to placebo . 
In nondiabetic obese subjects , treatment with sitagliptin 200 mg bid was generally well tolerated without associated hypoglycemia and led to maximal inhibition of plasma DPP-4 activity , increased active GLP-1 , and reduced glycemic excursion . OBJECTIVES : The purpose of this study was to determine whether continuous infusion of ritodrine could prevent preterm delivery in sheep . 
STUDY DESIGN : Sheep in preterm labor induced by RU 486 ( mifepristone ) received infusions of either ritodrine ( n = 5 ) or saline solution ( n = 5 ) , and the progress of labor was monitored . 
beta 2-Adrenergic receptor density and function ( agonist-induced cyclic adenosine monophosphate production ) was measured in myometrial samples from both groups . 
RESULTS : Ritodrine initially inhibited labor contractions . 
This inhibition was only maintained for 16 hours , after which both the amplitude and frequency of electromyographic bursts and contractions returned . 
The failure of the myometrium to respond to ritodrine ( desensitization ) was associated with significant reductions in agonist-induced cyclic adenosine monophosphate production and beta 2-adrenergic receptor concentration in myometrial tissue collected from these animals compared with the saline solution-treated controls . 
CONCLUSIONS : Continuous infusion of ritodrine to sheep in preterm labor produces only a transient inhibition of contractions . 
This desensitization is caused by a down-regulation of myometrial beta 2-adrenergic receptors . Pancreatic β-Cell Dysfunction and Risk of New-Onset Diabetes After Kidney Transplantation . In the present study , a quantitative dietary exposure assessment of mycotoxins and their masked forms was conducted on a national representative sample of the Belgian population using the contamination data of cereal-based foods . 
Cereal-based food products ( n = 174 ) were analysed for the occurrence of deoxynivalenol , 3-acetyldeoxynivalenol , 15-acetyldeoxynivalenol , zearalenone , α-zearalenol , β-zearalenol , T-2-toxin , HT-2-toxin , and their respective masked forms , including , deoxynivalenol-3-glucoside , zearalenone-4-glucoside , α-zearalenol-4-glucoside , β-zearalenol-4-glucoside and zearalenone-4-sulfate . 
Fibre-enriched bread , bran-enriched bread , breakfast cereals , popcorn and oatmeal were collected in Belgian supermarkets according to a structured sampling plan and analysed during the period from April 2010 to October 2011 . 
The habitual intake of these food groups was estimated from a national representative food intake survey . 
According to a probabilistic exposure analysis , the mean ( and P95 ) mycotoxin intake for the sum of the deoxynivalenol-equivalents , zearalenone-equivalents , and the sum of HT-2-and T-2-toxin for all cereal-based foods was 0 . 1162 ( 0 . 4047 , P95 ) , 0 . 0447 ( 0 . 1568 , P95 ) and 0 . 0258 ( 0 . 0924 , P95 ) μg kg ( -1 ) body weight day ( -1 ) , respectively . 
These values were below the tolerable daily intake ( TDI ) levels for deoxynivalenol , zearalenone and the sum of T-2 and HT-2 toxin ( 1 . 0 , 0 . 25 and 0 . 1 μg kg ( -1 ) body weight day ( -1 ) , respectively ) . 
The absolute level exceeding the TDI for all cereal-based foods was calculated , and recorded 0 . 85% , 2 . 75% and 4 . 11% of the Belgian population , respectively . Intravenous ( I . 
V . 
) cocaine ( 0 . 03-3 mg / kg ) produced dose-dependent , rapid , and brief increases in blood pressure ( BP ) in conscious rats pretreated with the dopamine receptor antagonist , SCH 23390 . 
Monoamine uptake inhibitors structurally analogous to cocaine ( cocaethylene , CFT , betaCIT , CPT , ( + ) -cocaine , norcocaine , and benztropine ) also produced this rapid pressor response , whereas structurally unrelated uptake inhibitors with diverse monoamine transporter selectivities ( BTCP , indatraline , GBR 12935 , mazindol , nomifensine , and zimeldine ) either did not produce a rapid pressor response or produced only a small pressor response . 
At nonconvulsant doses , the sodium channel blockers acetylprocainamide , dibucaine , dyclonine , prilocaine , proparacaine , quinidine , and tetracaine produced a small pressor response or no increase in BP . 
In rats implanted with telemetric devices , cocaine and its analog , CFT , produced a biphasic pharmacological response that consisted of an initial brief and abrupt behavioral arousal associated with a rapid , large increase in BP followed by prolonged , parallel increases in BP and locomotor activity . 
Pretreatment with SCH 23390 prevented the prolonged but not the initial rapid and brief pressor and activity responses to both cocaine and CFT administration . 
The present data suggest that the inhibition of dopamine , norepinephrine , or serotonin transporter functions , either alone or in combination , does not mediate the rapid pressor response to cocaine . 
The sodium channel-blocking action of cocaine per se does not appear to be involved in the rapid pressor response to cocaine . 
Finally , the present results confirm previous findings that dopaminergic mechanisms mediate the prolonged increases in BP and locomotor activity produced by cocaine . BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE : ATP-sensitive K + ( K ( ATP ) ) channels have been implicated in the mechanism of neuronal ischemic preconditioning . 
To evaluate the role of neuronal / beta-cell-type K ( ATP ) channels , SUR1 null ( Sur1KO ) mice lacking ( K ( IR ) 6 . 
x / SUR1 ) ( 4 ) K ( ATP ) channels were subjected to a preconditioning protocol with the use of double carotid occlusion . 
METHODS : Wild-type C57BL / 6 and Sur1KO mice were subjected to a double carotid block for 40 minutes with or without a 20-minute preconditioning block . 
After a 10-day reperfusion period , damage was assessed histologically in the hippocampal CA1 , CA2 , and CA3 areas and in the dentate gyrus . 
The neuroprotective effects of intracerebroventricular injections of diazoxide , which selectively affects mitochondria versus opening SUR1-type K ( ATP ) channels , and 5-hydroxydecanoate , a selective blocker of mitoK ( ATP ) channels , were evaluated with the same protocol . 
RESULTS : Neurons in the CA1 region of both Sur1KO and wild-type animals subjected to a 20-minute ischemic insult were protected equally from neuronal damage produced by a subsequent 40-minute ischemic period . 
Pretreatment with diazoxide protected both Sur1KO and wild-type neurons , while 5-hydroxydecanoate augmented neurodegeneration in both strains of animals when administered before a 20-minute bout of ischemia . 
CONCLUSIONS : SUR1-based K ( ATP ) channels are not obligatory for neuronal preconditioning or augmentation of neurodegeneration by 5-hydroxydecanoate . Sequence dependence of Alimta ( LY231514 , MTA ) combined with doxorubicin in ZR-75-1 human breast carcinoma cells . Mediation of noradrenaline-induced contractions of rat aorta by the alpha 1B-adrenoceptor subtype . Pharmacodynamics and pharmacokinetics of phenylbutazone in calves . The protective effects of taurine on experimental acute pancreatitis in a rat model . The polyamines spermidine , spermine , and their precursor putrescine are essential for cell growth and the regulation of the cell cycle . 
Recent studies suggest that excessive accumulation of polyamines favors either malignant transformation or apoptosis , depending on the cell type and the stimulus . 
This study examines the involvement of polyamines in the induction of apoptosis by the DNA topoisomerase I inhibitor , camptothecin . 
In IEC-6 cells , camptothecin induced apoptosis within 6 h , accompanied by detachment of cells . 
Detached cells showed DNA laddering and caspase 3 induction , characteristic features of apoptosis . 
Depletion of putrescine , spermidine , and spermine by DL-alpha-difluoromethylornithine ( DFMO ) , a specific inhibitor of ornithine decarboxylase ( ODC ) that is the first rate-limiting enzyme for polyamine biosynthesis , decreased the apoptotic index . 
Delayed apoptosis was accompanied by a decrease in caspase 3 activity in polyamine-depleted cells . 
Addition of putrescine restored the induction of apoptosis as indicated by an increase in the number of detached cells and caspase 3 activity . 
Polyamine depletion did not change the level of caspase 3 protein . 
Inhibition of S-adenosylmethionine decarboxylase by a specific inhibitor [ diethylglyoxal bis- ( guanylhydrazone ) ; DEGBG ] led to depletion of spermidine and spermine with a significant accumulation of putrescine and induction of ODC . 
The DEGBG-treated cells showed an increase in apoptosis , suggesting the importance of putrescine in the apoptotic process . 
Addition of putrescine to DFMO-treated cell extracts did not increase caspase 3 activity . 
The above results indicate that polyamine depletion delays the onset of apoptosis in IEC-6 cells and confers protection against DNA damaging agents , suggesting that polyamines might be involved in the caspase activating signal cascade . 17 beta- ( N-tert-butylcarbamoyl ) -4-aza-5 alpha-androstan-1-en-3-one ( finasteride ) , which has been approved for treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia , is shown here to be a slow time-dependent inhibitor of human steroid 5 alpha-reductase isozyme 1 . 
This inhibition is characterized by an initial , fast step where the inhibitor binds to the enzyme followed by a slow step that leads to a final enzyme-inhibitor complex ( EI* ) . 
No recovery of activity from this EI* complex was observed after dialysis for 3 days . 
The formation of EI* is diminished in the presence of a competitive , reversible inhibitor , indicating that the inhibition is active site-directed . 
At 37 degrees C and pH 7 . 0 , the rate constant for the second , slow inhibition step , k3 , is ( 1 . 40 + / - 0 . 04 ) x 10 ( -3 ) s-1 and the pseudo-bimolecular rate constant , k3 / Ki , is ( 4 . 0 + / - 0 . 3 ) x 10 ( 3 ) M-1 s-1 . 
This latter rate constant is less than the value of 2 . 7 x 10 ( 5 ) M-1 s-1 determined for the inhibition of 5 alpha-reductase 2 by finasteride [ Faller , B . 
, Farley , D . 
, & Nick , H . 
( 1993 ) Biochemistry 32 , 5705-5710 ] . 
( ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS ) Metformin and phenformin activate AMP-activated protein kinase in the heart by increasing cytosolic AMP concentration . Upregulation of nuclear factor of activated T-cells by nerve injury contributes to development of neuropathic pain . The protein tyrosine kinase ( PTK ) inhibitor piceatannol is also an inhibitor of the rat liver cyclic AMP-dependent protein kinase ( PKA ) catalytic subunit ( cAK ) , rat brain Ca ( 2 + ) - and phospholipid-dependent protein kinase C ( PKC ) , avian gizzard Ca ( 2 + ) -calmodulin-dependent myosin light chain kinae ( MLCK ) , and of wheat embryo Ca ( 2 + ) -dependent protein kinase ( CDPK ) ( IC50 values 3 , 8 , 12 , and 19 microM , respectively ) . 
However , a number of piceatannol-related compounds with fewer or no phenolic hydroxy substituents are inactive or very poor inhibitors of these serine / threonine protein kinases . 
Similarly , the PTK inhibitor ellagic acid is a potent inhibitor of cAK and of PKC ( IC50 values 2 and 8 microM , respectively ) , whereas the non-phenolic perylene is ineffective as a protein kinase inhibitor . 
Ellagic acid is a competitive inhibitor of both cAK and of PKC but piceatannol inhibits these enzymes in a fashion that is competitive and non-competitive , respectively . 
Interaction with calmodulin may contribute to the inhibition of MLCK and CDPK by piceatannol . Ras proteins are of importance in cell proliferation , and hence their mutated forms play causative roles in many kinds of cancer in different tissues . 
Inhibition of the Ras-depalmitoylating enzyme acyl protein thioesterases APT1 and -2 is a new approach to modulating the Ras cycle . 
Here we present boronic and borinic acid derivatives as a new class of potent and nontoxic APT inhibitors . 
These compounds were detected by extensive library screening using chemical arrays and turned out to inhibit human APT1 and -2 in a competitive mode . 
Furthermore , one of the molecules was demonstrated to inhibit Erk1 / 2 phosphorylation significantly . This study was designed to investigate the reproductive toxicity of aluminium sulphate and the therapeutic effects of administration of zinc sulphate and vitamin E individually or in combination against the toxic effect caused by aluminium ( Al ) in male albino rats . 
The animals were divided into five groups : group 1 received distilled water and served as control; group 2 received only aluminium sulphate ( 50 mg / kg body weight ( b . 
w . 
) ) ; group 3 received aluminium sulphate ( 50 mg / kg b . 
w . 
) plus zinc sulphate ( 50 mg / kg b . 
w . 
) ; group 4 received aluminium sulphate ( 50 mg / kg b . 
w . 
) and vitamin E ( 15 mg / kg b . 
w . 
) ; group 5 received aluminium sulphate plus a combination of zinc sulphate and vitamin E in similar doses as above . 
Doses were administered orally once daily for 45 consecutive days . 
The results revealed that aluminium sulphate induced significant decrease in body weight gain and testis weight and significant increase in Al level in both serum and testes of male rats . 
Biochemical analysis showed significant decrease in serum total protein and phospholipids levels , while serum total lipid was significantly elevated post Al treatment . 
In addition , significant decrease in total protein , phospholipids and cholesterol levels in the testes of Al-treated rats was recorded . 
The data also showed significant decrease in the levels of serum testosterone , leutinizing hormone and follicle stimulating hormone and significant increase in the level of serum prolactin in Al-intoxicated rats . 
Moreover , histological examination showed that aluminium sulphate caused apparent alterations in the testicular structure of the treated animals . 
Treatment with zinc sulphate and vitamin E individually or in combination ameliorated the harmful effects of Al , which was proved histopathologically by the noticeable improvement in the testicular tissues . 
We can conclude that the tested dose of aluminium sulphate induced toxic effect on the reproductive system of male albino rats and the treatment with zinc sulphate and / or vitamin E alleviated these toxic effects . 
In some cases , vitamin E exerted a more potent effect , while in other cases , the more potent effect is related to zinc sulphate and the combination of both at most of the recorded data . A metabolomic study reveals novel plasma lyso-Gb3 analogs as Fabry disease biomarkers . Deep understanding of the interaction between thienorphine and UDP-glucuronosyltransferase ( UGT ) isoforms . Brief strong depolarization of cerebellar Purkinje cells produces a slow inward cation current . 
This current , called depolarization-induced slow current ( DISC ) , is triggered by Ca influx in the Purkinje cell and is attenuated by a blocker of vesicular fusion . 
Previous work in other brain regions , such as the substantia nigra and ventral tegmental area , has shown that dopamine can be released from dendrites to produce paracrine and autocrine signaling . 
Here , we test the hypothesis that postsynaptic release of dopamine and autocrine activation of dopamine receptors is involved in DISC . 
Light immunohistochemistry showed that D ( 3 ) dopamine receptors , vesicular monoamine transporter type 2 ( VMAT2 ) , and dopamine plasma membrane transporters ( DATs ) were all expressed in cerebellar Purkinje cells . 
However , their expression was strongest in the gyrus region of cerebellar lobules IX and X . 
Comparison of DISC across lobules revealed that it was weak in the anterior portions of the cerebellum ( lobules II , V , and VI ) and strong in lobules IX and X . 
DISC was blocked by dopamine receptor antagonists ( haloperidol , clozapine , eticlopride , and SCH23390 ) . 
Likewise , DISC was strongly attenuated by inhibitors of VMAT ( reserpine and tetrabenazine ) and DAT ( GBR12909 and rimcazole ) . 
These drugs did not produce DISC attenuation through blockade of depolarization-evoked Purkinje cell Ca transients . 
Purkinje cells in cerebellar slices derived from DAT-null mice expressed DISC , but this DISC ran down at a significantly higher rate than littermate controls . 
Together , these results suggest that strong Purkinje cell depolarization produces Ca-dependent release of vesicular postsynaptic dopamine that then excites Purkinje cells in an autocrine manner . Neuromuscular blocking drugs produce muscle weakness by interaction with nicotinic-acetylcholine receptors . 
Cardiovascular side effects have been reported . 
In this study the neuromuscular blocking drug vecuronium and the controls gallamine and pancuronium slowed the rate of atropine induced [ ( 3 ) H ] N-methylscopolamine dissociation from Chinese hamster ovary cells expressing recombinant human muscarinic M2 receptors K ( off ) values min ( -1 ) ; vecuronium ( 125 nM ) , atropine 0 . 45 + / -0 . 07 + blocker 0 . 04 + / -0 . 02; gallamine ( 21 nM ) , atropine 0 . 42 + / -0 . 05 + blocker 0 . 15 + / -0 . 04; pancuronium ( 21 nM ) , atropine 0 . 36 + / -0 . 03 + blocker 0 . 03 + / -0 . 01 ) . 
These data indicate that vecuronium , gallamine and pancuronium interact with an allosteric site on the muscarinic M2 receptor ( located on the heart ) and this may explain some of their cardiac side effects . The inhibitory effect of ( + ) - , ( - ) - , ( + / - ) -gossypol and ( + / - ) -gossypol acetic acid upon testicular cytosolic LDH-X was measured in vitro . 
Gossypol acetic acid ( 0-100 mumol / l ) inhibited LDH-X prepared from the testes of the mouse greater than rabbit greater than human greater than rat greater than hamster . 
There was no relationship between inhibition and in-vivo antifertility activity . 
LDH activity measured in vitro in serum of men and hamsters was unaffected by gossypol . 
Gossypol and its isomers were non-competitive inhibitors of human and hamster LDH-X with respect to the coenzyme NADH , competitive inhibitors of human LDH-X and noncompetitive-competitive inhibitors of hamster LDH-X with respect to the substrate alpha-ketobutyrate . 
Co-incubation with human serum albumin or poly-L-lysine but not lysine protected human and hamster LDH-X from gossypol . The glycogen synthase kinase-3β / nuclear factor-kappa B pathway is involved in cinobufagin-induced apoptosis in cultured osteosarcoma cells . NADPH Oxidase NOX5-S and Nuclear Factor κB1 Mediate Acid-Induced Microsomal Prostaglandin E Synthase-1 Expression in Barrett's Esophageal Adenocarcinoma Cells . DNA polymerase is one of the most important target molecules of antitumor agents , especially for antimetabolite nucleosides that include 1-beta-D-arabinofuranosylcytosine ( araC ) and 2'-deoxy-2' , 2'-difluorocytidine ( gemcitabine ) . 
There are several subtypes of mammalian DNA polymerases and their localization and function have been clarified . 
DNA polymerase alpha , delta and epsilon have been implicated to be responsible for DNA replication , whereas DNA polymerase beta , delta and epsilon have been suggested to work in DNA repair . 
DNA polymerase gamma is encoded in the nucleus but localizes in the mitochondria , and is responsible for the mitochondrial DNA replication . 
Recently , several antiviral nucleoside analogs were reported to inhibit DNA polymerase gamma after intracellular phosphorylation and cause severe chronic toxicity . 
1- ( 2-Deoxy-2-fluoro-4-thio-beta-D-arabinofuranosyl ) cytosine ( 4'-thio-FAC ) , an antimetabolite similar to araC and gemcitabine , is recently shown by us to be a very promising agent because of its potent antitumor activity by oral administration to mice . 
We tested for the inhibitory activities of the triphosphates of 4'-thio-FAC and gemcitabine against DNA polymerase alpha , beta and gamma . 
The triphosphates of 4'-thio-FAC ( 4'-thio-FACTP ) exhibited the potent inhibitory action against DNA polymerase alpha , whereas it showed moderate inhibition against DNA polymerase beta and little inhibition against DNA polymerase gamma . 
The triphosphate of gemcitabine ( dFdCTP ) did not show potent inhibition against these three DNA polymerases . 
Thus , the effect on ribonucleotide reductase was suggested to be more responsible for the antitumor action of gemcitabine . 
The differences in the mechanisms of action against DNA polymerases between these drugs and other nucleosides were also discussed . We have developed competitive and direct binding methods to examine small-molecule inhibitors of protein tyrosine phosphatase activity . 
Focusing on the Yersinia pestis outer protein H , a potent bacterial protein tyrosine phosphatase , we describe how an understanding of the kinetic interactions involving Yersinia pestis outer protein H , peptide substrates , and small-molecule inhibitors of protein tyrosine phosphatase activity can be beneficial for inhibitor screening , and we further translate these results into a microarray assay for high-throughput screening . Preferential inhibition of human phosphodiesterase 4 by ibudilast . Synthesis and activity of analogues of the isoleucyl tRNA synthetase inhibitor SB-203207 . Pharmacologic management of endometriosis . Genetic causes of mild hyperhomocysteinemia in patients with premature occlusive coronary artery diseases . A genome-wide siRNA screen reveals positive and negative regulators of the NOD2 and NF-κB signaling pathways . In this study , we have investigated the expression and function of the transcription factor early growth response factor 2 ( Egr2 ) / Krox20 in the developing anterior pituitary . 
Egr2 is initially expressed in all differentiating hormonal cells types , but its expression is mostly restricted to the somatotroph lineage after birth . 
Egr2 knockout results in anterior pituitary hypoplasia . 
However , the analysis of a conditional mutant demonstrates that this phenotype does not originate from a lack of Egr2 expression in the pituitary . 
Using an Egr2 allele driving a Cre-activable toxin gene , we performed a genetic ablation of Egr2-positive cells in the pituitary . 
During the postnatal period , this ablation leads to specific and progressive depletion of the somatotroph population , creating a novel model of early-onset isolated GH deficiency ( GHD ) . 
Mutant animals were subjected to a complete metabolic analysis , revealing atypical and expected features . 
Consistent with an adult-onset isolated GHD model , mutant animals are hypoglycemic and display increased insulin sensitivity and glucose clearance . 
This latter phenotype is in contrast to the glucose intolerance observed in another early-onset GHD model . 
Surprisingly , increased insulin sensitivity is not accompanied by a modified balance between fat and lean tissues , but by reduced metabolic adaptability between glucose and lipid oxidation conditions . 
This suggests that the relationship between these metabolic features and insulin sensitivity should be reconsidered . 
In conclusion , our mutant may be a valuable genetic model with which to study the effects of long-term GH deficiency , in conditions of normal pancreatic function and unaffected balance between fat and glucose metabolism . This study was designed to determine the gastroprotective properties of cinitapride ( CNT ) , a novel prokinetic benzamide derivative agonist of 5-HT4 and 5-HT1 receptors and 5-HT2 antagonist , on mucosal injury produced by 50% ( v / v ) ethanol . 
Results were compared with those for 5-hydroxytryptamine ( 5-HT : 10 mg kg-1 ) . 
The possible involvements of gastric mucus secretion , endogenous prostaglandins ( PGs ) and sulfhydryl compounds ( SH ) in the protection mediated by CNT were also examined . 
Intraperitoneal administration of CNT ( 0 . 50 and 1 mg kg-1 ) , 30 min before ethanol , significantly prevented gastric ulceration and increased the hexosamine content of gastric mucus . 
CNT ( 1 mg kg-1 ) also produced a significant increase in gastric mucosal levels of PGE2 , but did not induce any significant changes in SH values . 
On the contrary , pretreatment with 5-HT worsened ethanol-induced erosions , however , did not affect gastric mucus secretion , glycoprotein content or PGE2 levels , although the non-protein SH fraction was significantly decreased . 
The present results demonstrate that the gastroprotective effects of CNT could be partly explained by a complex PG dependent mechanism . 
We suggest that 5-HT dependent mechanisms through 5-HT2 receptor blockade and 5-HT1 receptor activation could be also involved . Ibudilast ophthalmic solution exhibited an improved clinical efficacy over cromoglycate in the treatment of allergic conjunctivitis . 
To further characterize its principal mode of action , the phosphodiesterase ( PDE ) inhibitory profile of ibudilast has been examined using human recombinant enzymes . 
Ibudilast , but not the other commonly used anti-allergic ophthalmic solutions including cromoglycate , ketotifen , tranilast and levocabastine , potently inhibits purified human PDE4A , 4B , 4C and 4D with IC50 values at 54 , 65 , 239 and 166 nM , respectively . 
Ibudilast effectively blocks lipopolysaccharide ( LPS ) -induced tumor necrosis factor ( TNFalpha , IC50 = 6 . 2 microM ) and N-formyl-Met-Leu-Phe ( fMLP ) -induced leukotriene ( LT ) B4 biosynthesis ( IC50 = 2 . 5 microM ) in human whole blood , which are 3 and 6-fold more potent than cilomilast , respectively . 
The attenuated inflammatory and allergic responses from the potent and preferential PDE4 inhibition of ibudilast may have contributed significantly to its beneficial pharmacological responses and distinguishes ibudilast from the other ophthalmic solutions in the treatment of ocular allergy . Amitriptyline is a TrkA and TrkB receptor agonist that promotes TrkA / TrkB heterodimerization and has potent neurotrophic activity . Identification and characterization of small molecule inhibitors of signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 ( STAT3 ) signaling pathway by virtual screening . The Bcr-Abl tyrosine kinase inhibitor imatinib and promising new agents against Philadelphia chromosome-positive leukemias . Vemurafenib for the treatment of melanoma . We developed a molecular genetic model to investigate glucocorticoid receptor ( GR ) signaling in human bronchial epithelial cells in response to the therapeutic steroid budesonide . 
Based on a genetic selection scheme using the human Chago K1 cell line and integrated copies of a glucocorticoid-responsive herpes simplex virus thymidine kinase gene and a green fluorescent protein gene , we isolated five Chago K1 variants that grew in media containing budesonide and ganciclovir . 
Three spontaneous budesonide-resistant subclones were found to express low levels of GR , whereas two mutants isolated from ethylmethane sulfonate-treated cultures contained normal levels of GR protein . 
Analysis of the GR coding sequence in the budesonide-resistant subclone Ch-BdE5 identified a novel Val to Met mutation at amino acid position 575 ( GRV575M ) which caused an 80% decrease in transcriptional regulatory functions with only a minimal effect on ligand binding activity . 
Homology modeling of the GR structure in this region of the hormone binding domain and molecular dynamic simulations suggested that the GRV575M mutation would have a decreased affinity for the LXXLL motif of p160 coactivators . 
To test this prediction , we performed transactivation and glutathione-S-transferase pull-down assays using the p160 coactivator glucocorticoid interacting protein 1 ( GRIP1 ) / transcriptional intermediary factor 2 and found that GRV575M transcriptional activity was not enhanced by GRIP1 in transfected cells nor was it able to bind GRIP1 in vitro . 
Identification of the novel GRV575M variant in human bronchial epithelial cells using a molecular genetic selection scheme suggests that functional assays performed in relevant cell types could identify subtle defects in GR signaling that contribute to reduced steroid sensitivities in vivo . Dose-dependent release of endogenous tissue factor pathway inhibitor by different low molecular weight heparins . Nebulized arformoterol in patients with COPD : a 12-week , multicenter , randomized , double-blind , double-dummy , placebo- and active-controlled trial . The neonatal Fc receptor , FcRn , prolongs the half-life of IgG in the serum and represents a potential therapeutic target for the treatment of autoimmune disease . 
Small molecules that block the protein-protein interactions of human IgG-human FcRn may lower pathogenic autoantibodies and provide effective treatment . 
A novel class of quinoxalines has been discovered as antagonists of the IgG : FcRn protein-protein interaction through optimization of a hit derived from a virtual ligand-based screen . Novel mutations of androgen receptor : a possible mechanism of bicalutamide withdrawal syndrome . Synthesis and micellar mimic properties of bile acid trimers . OBJECTIVE : Increasing evidence suggests that osteocalcin ( OC ) , one of the osteoblast-specific proteins , has been associated with atherosclerosis , but results are conflicting . 
The aim of this study was to elucidate the independent effect of uncarboxylated osteocalcin ( ucOC ) , an active form of osteocalcin which has been suggested to have an insulin sensitizing effect , on vascular endothelial cells . 
MATERIALS AND METHODS : We used human aortic endothelial cells and treated them with ucOC . 
Linoleic acid ( LA ) was used as a representative free fatty acid . 
Apoptosis was evaluated using various methods including a terminal deoxyribonucleotide transferase-mediated deoxyuridine triphosphate nick-end labeling analysis kit and Western blotting for cleaved caspase 3 , cleaved poly ( ADP-ribose ) polymerase and Bcl-xL . 
The phosphorylations of Akt and endothelial nitric oxide synthase ( eNOS ) as well as the level of NO were measured to confirm the effect of ucOC on insulin signaling pathway . 
RESULTS : Pretreatment of ucOC ( 30ng / ml ) prevented LA-induced apoptosis in insulin-stimulated endothelial cells; effects were abolished by pretreatment with the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase ( PI3-kinase ) inhibitor , wortmannin . 
Treatment of ucOC ( ranged from 0 . 3 to 30ng / ml ) significantly increased the phosphorylation of Akt and eNOS and nitric oxide secretion from endothelial cells in a PI3-kinase dependent manner . 
CONCLUSIONS : Our study is the first to demonstrate the independent effect of ucOC on vascular endothelial cells . 
Our results further suggest that ucOC could have beneficial effects on atherosclerosis . Effects of sustained administration of the serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor venlafaxine : I . 
in vivo electrophysiological studies in the rat . Sophocarpine , an effective compound derived from foxtail-like sophora herb and seed , has been reported that it can alleviate non-alcoholic steatohepatitis ( NASH ) in rats and affect adipocytokine synthesis . 
Meanwhile , adipocytokines could adjust hepatic lipid metabolism through AMPK signaling pathway . 
In the work presented here , primary hepatocytes were isolated from specific pathogen-free male SD rats and incubated with 200 μmol / L oleic acid for 24h to induce steatotic model , then treated with sophocarpine for 72 h . 
Oil red staining was performed to evaluate steatosis , total RNA and protein of primary hepatocytes were extracted for real-time RT-PCR and western blot analysis . 
A cluster of aberrances were observed in the model group , including hepatocyte steatosis , increased leptin and decreased adiponectin mRNA expressions . 
While sophocarpine treatment resulted in : significant improvement of steatosis ( >50% decrease ) , decrease of leptin expression ( <0 . 57-fold ) and increase of adiponectin expression ( >1 . 48-fold ) . 
Moreover , compared with the model group , sophocarpine could significantly increase P-AMPKα ( >5 . 82-fold ) , AMPKα ( >1 . 29-fold ) and ACC ( >3 . 27-fold ) protein expressions , and reduce P-ACC ( <0 . 30-fold ) and HNF-4α ( <0 . 20-fold ) protein expression . 
The mRNA expression of Srebp-1c was downregulated significantly simultaneously ( <0 . 68-fold ) . 
We concluded that sophocarpine could alleviate hepatocyte steatosis and the potential mechanism might be the activated signaling pathway of AMPK . PURPOSE : This study investigated the effectiveness of topiramate ( TPM ) as an inhibitor of six isozymes of carbonic anhydrase ( CA ) . 
METHODS : The inhibition constants ( Ki ) of TPM and acetazolamide ( AZM ) for CA I , CA II , CA III , CA IV , CA V , and CA VI were determined for human ( HCA ) , rat ( RCA ) , or mouse ( MCA ) . 
The activity of CA was studied by using purified isozymes , erythrocytes , subcellular fractions of kidney or brain , and saliva , and was assayed at 37 degrees C or 25 degrees C by 18O mass spectrometry and / or by measuring the pH shift at 0 degrees C . 
RESULTS : Topiramate Ki values for HCA I , HCA II , HCA IV , and HCA VI were approximately 100 , 7 , 10 , and >100 microM , respectively . 
TPM Ki values for RCA I , RCA II , RCA III , RCA IV , and RCA V were approximately 180 , 0 . 1 to 1 , >100 , 0 . 2 to 10 and 18 microM , respectively . 
For RCA II and RCA IV , the Ki values were temperature dependent . 
TPM Ki values for MCA II and MCA IV ranged between 1 and 20 microM . 
CONCLUSIONS : These results indicate that TPM is more potent as an inhibitor of CA II and CA IV than of CA I , CA III , and CA VI . 
In all three species , AZM was usually 10 to 100 times more potent than TPM as an inhibitor of CA isozymes . Four new dammarane-type triterpenoid saponins such as chikusetsusaponin LM3 ( 1 ) , chikusetsusaponin LM4 ( 2 ) , chikusetsusaponin LM5 ( 3 ) , chikusetsusaponin LM6 ( 4 ) , and twenty known triterpenoid saponins such as ginsenoside Rb3 ( 5 ) , ginsenoside Rc ( 6 ) , ginsenoside Rd ( 7 ) , ginsenoside Re ( 8 ) , ginsenoside Rg1 ( 9 ) , ginsenoside F3 ( 10 ) , ginsenoside F5 ( 11 ) , ginsenoside F6 ( 12 ) , chikusetsusaponin IVa ( 13 ) , chikusetsusaponin V ( 14 ) , chikusetsusaponin L5 ( 15 ) , chikusetsusaponin L9a ( 16 ) , chikusetsusaponin L9bc ( 17 ) , chikusetsusaponin L10 ( 18 ) , chikusetsusaponin FK2 ( 19 ) , chikusetsusaponin FK6 ( 20 ) , chikusetsusaponin FK7 ( 21 ) , chikusetsusaponin FT1 ( 22 ) , chikusetsusaponin LM1 ( 23 ) , and chikusetsusaponin LM2 ( 24 ) , were isolated from the leaves of Panax japonicus C . 
A . 
MEYER collected in Miyazaki prefecture , Japan . 
The structures of new chikusetsusaponins were elucidated on the basis of spectral and physicochemical evidences . B-cell receptor ( BCR ) associated kinases including spleen tyrosine kinase ( SYK ) contribute to the pathogenesis of B-cell malignancies . 
SYK is persistently phosphorylated in a subset of non-Hodgkin lymphoma ( NHL ) and chronic lymphocytic leukemia ( CLL ) , and SYK inhibition results in abrogation of downstream kinase activity and apoptosis . 
P505-15 ( also known as PRT062607 ) is a novel , highly selective , and orally bioavailable small molecule SYK inhibitor ( SYK IC ( 50 ) = 1 nM ) with anti-SYK activity that is at least 80-fold greater than its affinity for other kinases . 
We evaluated the preclinical characteristics of P505-15 in models of NHL and CLL . 
P505-15 successfully inhibited SYK-mediated B-cell receptor signaling and decreased cell viability in NHL and CLL . 
Oral dosing in mice prevented BCR-mediated splenomegaly and significantly inhibited NHL tumor growth in a xenograft model . 
In addition , combination treatment of primary CLL cells with P505-15 plus fludarabine produced synergistic enhancement of activity at nanomolar concentrations . 
Our findings support the ongoing development of P505-15 as a therapeutic agent for B-cell malignancies . 
A dose finding study in healthy volunteers has been completed . OBJECTIVE : To introduce entacapone , a new catechol-O-methyltransferase inhibitor , and discuss its pharmacology , pharmacodynamics , pharmacokinetics , clinical efficacy , drug interactions , adverse events , dosage guidelines , and therapeutic and formulary considerations . 
DATA SOURCE : A MEDLINE database search ( 1966-December 1999 ) was performed to identify relevant English-language articles including recent studies , abstracts , and reviews . 
Search terms included entacapone , OR-611 , catechol-O-methyltransferase inhibitor , and Parkinson's disease . 
STUDY SELECTION : Relevant published human studies were chosen to summarize the pharmacokinetics , clinical efficacy , adverse effects , and drug interactions . 
DATA EXTRACTION : All available human clinical trials were reviewed . 
DATA SYNTHESIS : Entacapone is the second medication of a new class of drugs , the catechol-O-methyltransferase inhibitors , indicated for clinical use as an adjunct to levodopa / carbidopa to treat patients with idiopathic Parkinson's disease who experience the signs and symptoms of end-of-dose wearing-off . 
Entacapone in combination with levodopa / dopa decarboxylase inhibitor has been shown to increase the AUC of levodopa , which leads to less fluctuation of levodopa plasma concentrations . 
Clinically , the duration of motor response to levodopa was prolonged as reflected by an increase in the mean on time . 
The addition of entacapone resulted in a decrease in the mean daily dosage of levodopa . 
The recommended dosage of entacapone is 200 mg administered orally with each dose of levodopa / carbidopa , up to a maximum of eight doses per day . 
Common adverse effects include dyskinesia , nausea , diarrhea , and urine discoloration . 
CONCLUSIONS : Entacapone should be considered as add-on treatment to levodopa / carbidopa in Parkinson's disease patients with end-of-dose wearing-off effect . Ephedrine and its alkaloids are used for the treatment of asthma , nasal congestion , and obesity . 
Ephedrine , with two chiral centers , exists as four isomers that exhibit direct and indirect effects on both alpha- and beta-adrenergic receptors ( AR ) . 
Our main goal was to study the direct effects of the ephedrine isomers on human beta1- , beta2- , and beta3-AR expressed in Chinese hamster ovary cells . 
Previous work indicated that the ephedrine isomers are inactive as agonists and that 1R , 2S-ephedrine is more potent than the 1S , 2R-isomer as an antagonist of catecholamine-induced lipolysis in rat adipose tissue ( Lee et al . 
, J Pharmacol Exp Ther 190 : 249-259 , 1974 ) . 
Stimulation of adenylyl cyclase , associated with cyclic AMP accumulations , was measured by a luciferase reporter gene assay . 
On human beta1-AR , the rank order of potency ( EC50 values , maximal response relative to isoproterenol = 100% ) was 1R , 2S-ephedrine ( 0 . 5 microM , 68% ) > 1S , 2R-ephedrine ( 72 microM , 66% ) > 1S , 2S-pseudoephedrine ( 309 microM , 53% ) = 1R , 2R-pseudoephedrine ( 1122 microM , 53% ) . 
On human beta2-AR , the rank order of potency was 1R , 2S-ephedrine ( 0 . 36 microM , 78% ) > 1R , 2R-pseudoephedrine ( 7 microM , 50% ) > or = 1S , 2S-pseudoephedrine ( 10 microM , 47% ) > 1S , 2R-ephedrine ( 106 microM , 22% ) . 
Only 1R , 2S-ephedrine showed significant agonist activity on human beta3-AR with an EC50 = 45 betaM and a maximal response of 31% . 
Our studies demonstrated that ( a ) stereoselective and rank order differences exist among the direct effects of ephedrine isomers; ( b ) 1R , 2S-ephedrine is the most potent of the four ephedrine isomers on all three human beta-AR; and ( c ) 1R , 2S- ephedrine was nearly equipotent as a beta1- / beta2-AR agonist and the only isomer possessing weak partial agonist activity on beta3-AR . Inhibition studies have suggested that acyl-CoA synthetase ( ACS , EC ) isoforms might regulate the use of acyl-CoAs by different metabolic pathways . 
In order to determine whether the subcellular locations differed for each of the three ACSs present in liver and whether these isoforms were regulated independently , non-cross-reacting peptide antibodies were raised against ACS1 , ACS4 , and ACS5 . 
ACS1 was identified in endoplasmic reticulum , mitochondria-associated membrane ( MAM ) , and cytosol , but not in mitochondria . 
ACS4 was present primarily in MAM , and the 76-kDa ACS5 protein was located in mitochondrial membrane . 
Consistent with these locations , N-ethylmaleimide , an inhibitor of ACS4 , inhibited ACS activity 47% in MAM and 28% in endoplasmic reticulum . 
Troglitazone , a second ACS4 inhibitor , inhibited ACS activity <10% in microsomes and mitochondria and 45% in MAM . 
Triacsin C , a competitive inhibitor of both ACS1 and ACS4 , inhibited ACS activity similarly in endoplasmic reticulum , MAM , and mitochondria , suggesting that a hitherto unidentified triacsin-sensitive ACS is present in mitochondria . 
ACS1 , ACS4 , and ACS5 were regulated independently by fasting and re-feeding . 
Fasting rats for 48 h resulted in a decrease in ACS4 protein , and an increase in ACS5 . 
Re-feeding normal chow or a high sucrose diet for 24 h after a 48-h fast increased both ACS1 and ACS4 protein expression 1 . 5-2 . 0-fold , consistent with inhibition studies . 
These results suggest that ACS1 and ACS4 may be linked to triacylglycerol synthesis . 
Taken together , the data suggest that acyl-CoAs may be functionally channeled to specific metabolic pathways through different ACS isoforms in unique subcellular locations . Hollow hybrid nanogels were prepared first by co-assembly of the citric acid-coated superparamagnetic iron oxide nanoparticles ( SPIONs ) ( 44 wt% ) with the graft copolymer ( 56 wt% ) comprising acrylic acid and 2-methacryloylethyl acrylate units as the backbone and poly ( ethylene glycol ) and poly ( N-isopropylacrylamide ) as the grafts in aqueous phase of pH 3 . 0 into the hybrid vesicle structure , followed by in situ covalent stabilization via the photo-initiated polymerization of MEA residues within vesicles . 
The resultant hollow nanogels , though slightly swollen , satisfactorily retain the structural integrity while the medium pH being adjusted to 7 . 4 . 
Confining SPION clusters to such a high level ( 44 wt% ) within the pH-responsive thin gel layer remarkably enhances the transverse relaxivity ( r2 ) and renders the MR imaging highly pH-tunable . 
For example , with the pH being adjusted from 4 . 0 to 7 . 4 , the r2 value can be dramatically increased from 138 . 5 to 265 . 5 mM-1 s-1 . 
The DOX-loaded hybrid nanogels also exhibit accelerated drug release in response to both pH reduction and temperature increase due to the substantial disruption of the interactions between drug molecules and copolymer components . 
With magnetic transport guidance toward the target and subsequent exposure to alternating magnetic field , this DOX-loaded nanogel system possessing combined capabilities of hyperthermia and stimuli-triggered drug release showed superior in vitro cytotoxicity against HeLa cells as compared to the case with only free drug or hyperthermia alone . 
This work demonstrates that the hollow inorganic / organic hybrid nanogels show great potential to serve as a multimodal theranostic vehicle functionalized with such desirable features as guidable delivery of stimuli-mediated diagnostic imaging and hyperthermia / chemotherapies . One-year supplementation with a grape extract containing resveratrol modulates inflammatory-related microRNAs and cytokines expression in peripheral blood mononuclear cells of type 2 diabetes and hypertensive patients with coronary artery disease . Panitumumab : human monoclonal antibody against epidermal growth factor receptors for the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer . Changes in mRNA and protein expression in the renal cortex of male and female F344 rats treated with bromate . The glucagon-like peptides include glucagon , GLP-1 , and GLP-2 , and exert diverse actions on nutrient intake , gastrointestinal motility , islet hormone secretion , cell proliferation and apoptosis , nutrient absorption , and nutrient assimilation . 
GIP , a related member of the glucagon peptide superfamily , also regulates nutrient disposal via stimulation of insulin secretion . 
The actions of these peptides are mediated by distinct members of the glucagon receptor superfamily of G protein-coupled receptors . 
These receptors exhibit unique patterns of tissue-specific expression , exhibit considerable amino acid sequence identity , and share similar structural and functional properties with respect to ligand binding and signal transduction . 
This article provides an overview of the biology of these receptors with an emphasis on understanding the unique actions of glucagon-related peptides through studies of the biology of their cognate receptors . The role of cytochrome P450-dependent metabolism in the regulation of mouse hepatic growth hormone signaling components and target genes by 3-methylcholanthrene . Monocarboxylate transporters in the central nervous system : distribution , regulation and function . Cardiac natriuretic Peptide gene expression and plasma concentrations during the first 72 hours of life in piglets . This study was designed to investigate the potential effects of 14days' intragastrically given of cinnamon polyphenols ( CPS ) in treating diabetic mice induced by intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin ( 150mgkg ( -1 ) ) and fed high-sugar , high-fat diet . 
The diabetic mice model was successfully established through determining on fasting blood-glucose ( FBG ) test . 
As revealed by glucose oxidase ( GOD ) and radioimmunoassay ( RIA ) , both dimethyldiguanide ( DC , 0 . 6gkg ( -1 ) d ( -1 ) ) and CPS ( 0 . 3 , 0 . 6 , 1 . 2gkg ( -1 ) d ( -1 ) ) treatments significantly resulted in down-regulation of blood glucose and insulin levels in serum , while the levels of oxidative stress markers were markedly lowered through ELISA assay . 
Meanwhile , the pathological damage in islet with pancreatic beta cells was ameliorated by treatment of CPS at different doses , as shown in HE stain . 
At the same time , the treatments also caused notable reduction of iNOS , NF-κB expressions showing in Western blot analysis . 
These findings demonstrate that cinnamon polyphenols can exert the hypoglycemic and hypolipidemic effects through the mechanisms that may be associated with repairing pancreatic beta cells in diabetic mice and improving its anti-oxidative capacity , as well as attenuating cytotoxicity via inhibition of iNOS , NF-κB activation . Polybrominated diphenyl ethers ( PBDEs ) were widely used flame retardants that have become persistent environmental pollutants . 
In the present study , we investigated the in vitro oxidative metabolism of 2 , 2' , 4 , 4'-tetrabromodiphenyl ether ( BDE-47 ) , a major PBDE detected in human tissue and environmental samples . 
Biotransformation of BDE-47 by pooled and individual human liver microsomes and by human recombinant cytochrome P450 ( P450 ) enzymes was assessed using a liquid chromatography / tandem mass spectrometry-based method . 
Of the nine hydroxylated metabolites of BDE-47 produced by human liver microsomes , seven metabolites were identified using authentic standards . 
A monohydroxy-tetrabrominated and a dihydroxy-tetrabrominated metabolite remain unidentified . 
Kinetic analysis of the rates of metabolite formation revealed that the major metabolites were 5-hydroxy-2 , 2' , 4 , 4'-tetrabromodiphenyl ether ( 5-OH-BDE-47 ) , 6-hydroxy-2 , 2' , 4 , 4'-tetrabromodiphenyl ether ( 6-OH-BDE-47 ) , and possibly the unidentified monohydroxy-tetrabrominated metabolite . 
Among the human recombinant P450 enzymes tested , P450 2B6 was the most active enzyme in the formation of the hydroxylated metabolites of BDE-47 . 
Moreover , the formation of all metabolites of BDE-47 by pooled human liver microsomes was inhibited by a P450 2B6-specific antibody and was highly correlated with P450 2B6-mediated activity in single donor liver microsomes indicating that P450 2B6 was the major P450 responsible for the biotransformation of BDE-47 . 
Additional experiments involving the incubation of liver microsomes with individual monohydroxy-tetrabrominated metabolites in place of BDE-47 demonstrated that 2 , 4-dibromophenol was a product of BDE-47 and several primary metabolites , but the dihydroxy-tetrabrominated metabolite was not formed by sequential hydroxylation of any of the monohydroxy-tetrabrominated metabolites tested . 
The present study provides a comprehensive characterization of the oxidative metabolism of BDE-47 by human liver microsomes and P450 2B6 . Population pharmacokinetics analysis of cyclophosphamide with genetic effects in patients undergoing hematopoietic stem cell transplantation . Mutations in the follicle-stimulating hormone-beta ( FSH beta ) and FSH receptor genes in mice and humans . Maternal cigarette smoking during pregnancy is associated with increased risk of perinatal morbidity and mortality . 
However , the mechanisms underlying adverse birth outcomes following prenatal exposure to cigarette smoke remain unknown due , in part , to the absence or unreliability of information regarding maternal cigarette smoke exposure during pregnancy . 
Our goal was to determine if placental cotinine could be a reliable biomarker of fetal cigarette smoke exposure during pregnancy . 
Cotinine levels were determined in placentas from 47 women who reported smoking during pregnancy and from 10 women who denied cigarette smoke exposure . 
Cotinine levels were significantly higher in placentas from women reporting cigarette smoking ( median = 27 . 2 ng / g ) versus women who reported no smoke exposure ( 2 . 3 ng / g , P < 0 . 001 ) . 
Receiver operating characteristic curve analysis identified an optimal cut point of 7 . 5 ng / g ( sensitivity = 78 . 7% , specificity = 100% ) to classify placenta samples from mothers who smoked versus those from mothers who did not . 
Among 415 placentas for which maternal cigarette smoking status was unavailable , 167 had cotinine levels > 7 . 5 ng / g and would be considered positive for cigarette smoke exposure . 
Data from quantitative reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction analyses demonstrated that in utero cigarette smoke exposure predicted by cotinine in placenta is associated with changes in the expression of xenobiotic-metabolizing enzymes in fetal tissues . 
CYP1A1 mRNA in fetal lung and liver tissue and CYP1B1 mRNA in fetal lung tissue were significantly induced when cotinine was detected in placenta . 
These findings indicate that cotinine in placenta is a reliable biomarker for fetal exposure and response to maternal cigarette smoking during pregnancy . Use of the norepinephrine transporter as a reporter gene for non-invasive imaging of genetically modified cells . Fulvestrant ( Faslodex ) is a novel estrogen receptor ( ER ) antagonist that competitively binds to the ER with a much greater affinity than that of tamoxifen . 
The downregulation of cellular levels of the ER protein results in complete abrogation of estrogen-sensitive gene transcription . 
This distinct mechanism of action ensures a lack of cross resistance with other hormonal agents and , in contrast to tamoxifen , fulvestrant has no known estrogen-agonist effects . 
Fulvestrant is administered via monthly intramuscular injections ( 250mg ) and is recommended for the treatment of hormone receptor-positive metastatic breast cancer in postmenopausal women with disease progression following antiestrogen therapy . 
The efficacy of fulvestrant was similar to that of the aromatase inhibitor anastrozole ( 1 mg / day ) in two , well designed studies in postmenopausal women with locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer that had progressed during prior antiestrogen therapy . 
Time to disease progression ( primary endpoint ) and treatment failure , rates of objective response and clinical benefit , overall survival and quality of life were similar in patients treated with fulvestrant or anastrozole . 
In retrospective noninferiority analyses , fulvestrant was at least as effective as anastrozole in all randomised patients , and in those with or without visceral metastases . 
Fulvestrant is generally well tolerated and was tolerated as well as anastrozole in clinical trials . 
Treatment-related adverse events were mostly mild to moderate and led to treatment withdrawal in about 1% of patients who received fulvestrant or anastrozole . 
The main adverse effects associated with therapy are nausea , asthenia , pain , vasodilation and headache . 
In conclusion , monthly intramuscular injections of fulvestrant are at least as effective and as well tolerated as oral anastrozole once daily in the treatment of postmenopausal women with advanced breast cancer that has progressed on prior antiestrogen therapy . 
Because of a different mode of action to that of other hormonal agents , fulvestrant is effective in the treatment of tamoxifen-resistant disease and , unlike tamoxifen , has no known estrogen agonist effects . 
Thus , fulvestrant provides an effective and well tolerated option for the treatment of hormone receptor-positive metastatic breast cancer in postmenopausal women with disease progression following antiestrogen therapy . Anti-inflammatory effect of pristimerin on lipopolysaccharide-induced inflammatory responses in murine macrophages . Vitamin A and its derivatives regulate a broad array of immune functions . 
The effects of these retinoids are mediated through members of retinoic acid receptors ( RARs ) and retinoid X receptors . 
However , the role of individual retinoid receptors in the pleiotropic effects of retinoids remains unclear . 
To dissect the role of these receptors in the immune system , we analyzed immune cell development and function in mice conditionally lacking RARgamma , the third member of the RAR family . 
We show that RARgamma is dispensable for T and B lymphocyte development , the humoral immune response to a T-dependent Ag and in vitro Th cell differentiation . 
However , RARgamma-deficient mice had a defective primary and memory CD8 ( + ) T cell response to Listeria monocytogenes infection . 
Unexpectedly , RARgamma-deficient macrophages exhibited impaired inflammatory cytokine production upon TLR stimulation . 
These results suggest that under physiological condition , RARgamma is a positive regulator of inflammatory cytokine production . ETHNOPHARMACOLOGICAL RELEVANCE : Preparations derived from bulbs of various Lilium species have been used to promote the healing of skin abrasions , sores and burns and to aid in healing wounds in Traditional Chinese and Greco-Roman Medicine . 
AIM OF THE STUDY : To evaluate fractionated Easter lily bulb extracts and their steroidal glycosides ( 1-5 ) for the promotion of dermal fibroblast migration in vitro , as a model for the early events in wound healing . 
MATERIALS AND METHODS : An activity-guided screening approach was used by coupling sequential solvent extraction , gel permeation chromatography ( GPC ) , and semi-preparative reverse-phase high performance liquid chromatography ( RP-HPLC ) with an in vitro dermal fibroblast migration assay . 
Cytotoxicity was evaluated with methyl thiazole tetrazolium ( MTT ) . 
To gain insight into the mode of action of the steroidal glycosides , nitric oxide ( NO ) production , and expression of genes for transforming growth factor beta-1 ( TGF-β ) and its receptors were evaluated . 
RESULTS : Fractionated bulb extracts and the two isolated steroidal glycoalkaloids ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) induced NO production and TGF-β receptor I mRNA expression in fibroblast cell culture . 
In a cytotoxicity assay , steroidal glycosides ( 1 ) and ( 3 ) had IC50 values of 8 . 2 and 8 . 7µM , but the natural acetylation of the C-6″' hydroxy of the terminal glucose unit in ( 2 ) resulted in a 3-fold decrease in cell cytotoxicity when compared with ( 1 ) . 
Results from the dermal fibroblast migration assay revealed that the steroidal glycoalkaloids ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , and the furostanol saponin ( 3 ) promoted fibroblast migration from the range of 23 . 7±5 . 7 to 37 . 7±5 . 1% , as compared with the control . 
CONCLUSION : Collectively , our data demonstrate that the steroidal glycosides present in Easter lily bulbs induce , at least in part , the observed dermal fibroblast migration activity of the bulb extracts . 
This is the first evidence that steroidal glycosides from L . 
longiflorum may potentially play a role in the wound healing process and may provide a scientific basis for the historical use of lily bulbs for this purpose . We examined the effect of the highly lipophilic corticosteroid , fluticasone propionate ( FP ) , in causing ( 1 ) inhibition of nuclear translocation of cytosolic phospholipase A2 ( cPLA2 ) , and ( 2 ) blockade of leukotriene C4 ( LTC4 ) synthesis in isolated human eosinophils in vitro . 
Eosinophils were isolated from peripheral blood , treated with either buffer or 10 ( - ) 10 M to 10 ( - ) 6 M FP in the presence of 10 pg / ml human recombinant interleukin-5 ( rhIL-5 ) and activated with formyl-met-leu-phe ( FMLP ) + cytochalasin B ( CB ) . 
At 24 h , stimulated LTC4 secretion from eosinophils was unchanged; however , when corrected for cell viability , LTC4 secretion decreased from 1 , 429 + / - 327 pg / 10 ( 6 ) cells to 762 + / - 113 pg / 10 ( 6 ) cells for eosinophils treated for 48 h with > / = 10 ( - ) 8 M FP ( p < 0 . 003 ) . 
FMLP / CB-stimulated translocation of cPLA2 to the nuclear envelope assessed by specific immunohistochemical staining also was blocked by FP . 
By contrast , membrane expression of annexin-1 , which was not minimal at 30 min , was substantial at 48 h for eosinophils treated with > 10 ( - ) 10 M FP , and inhibition of LTC4 synthesis was reversed by exogenous arachidonic acid ( AA ) . 
We find that FP causes a decrease in stimulated eosinophil secretion of LTC4 that is regulated by phospholipase A2 ( PLA2 ) . 
Inhibition of LTC4 synthesis precedes the global cytotoxic effects of FP as indicated by the simultaneous upregulation of annexin-1 expression . 
Inhibited stimulated secretion corresponds to inhibited translocation of cPLA2 to the nuclear envelope during cellular activation . An analysis of skeletal development in osteoblast- and chondrocyte-specific Runx2 knockout mice . Although many functions and targets have been attributed to the histone and protein deacetylase SIRT1 , a comprehensive analysis of SIRT1 binding proteins yielding a high-confidence interaction map has not been established . 
Using a comparative statistical analysis of binding partners , we have assembled a high-confidence SIRT1 interactome . 
Employing this method , we identified the deubiquitinating enzyme ubiquitin-specific protease 22 ( USP22 ) , a component of the deubiquitinating module ( DUBm ) of the SAGA transcriptional coactivating complex , as a SIRT1-interacting partner . 
We found that this interaction is highly specific , requires the ZnF-UBP domain of USP22 , and is disrupted by the inactivating H363Y mutation within SIRT1 . 
Moreover , we show that USP22 is acetylated on multiple lysine residues and that alteration of a single lysine ( K129 ) within the ZnF-UBP domain is sufficient to alter interaction of the DUBm with the core SAGA complex . 
Furthermore , USP22-mediated recruitment of SIRT1 activity promotes the deacetylation of individual SAGA complex components . 
Our results indicate an important role of SIRT1-mediated deacetylation in regulating the formation of DUBm subcomplexes within the larger SAGA complex . Benzenesulfonamides : a unique class of chemokine receptor type 4 inhibitors . Solamargine upregulation of Fas , downregulation of HER2 , and enhancement of cytotoxicity using epirubicin in NSCLC cells . Mutations in REarranged during Transfection ( RET ) receptor tyrosine , followed by the oncogenic activation of RET kinase is responsible for the development of medullary thyroid carcinoma ( MTC ) that responds poorly to conventional chemotherapy . 
Targeting RET , therefore , might be useful in tailoring surveillance of MTC patients . 
Here we showed that theaflavins , the bioactive components of black tea , successfully induced apoptosis in human MTC cell line , TT , by inversely modulating two molecular pathways : ( i ) stalling PI3K / Akt / Bad pathway that resulted in mitochondrial transmembrane potential ( MTP ) loss , cytochrome-c release and activation of the executioner caspases-9 and -3 , and ( ii ) upholding p38MAPK / caspase-8 / caspase-3 pathway via inhibition of Ras / Raf / ERK . 
Over-expression of either constitutively active myristoylated-Akt-cDNA ( Myr-Akt-cDNA ) or dominant-negative-caspase-8-cDNA ( Dn-caspase-8-cDNA ) partially blocked theaflavin-induced apoptosis , while co-transfection of Myr-Akt-cDNA and Dn-caspase-8-cDNA completely eradicated the effect of theaflavins thereby negating the possibility of existence of other pathways . 
A search for the upstream signaling revealed that theaflavin-induced disruption of lipid raft caused interference in anchorage of RET in lipid raft that in turn stalled phosphorylation of Ras and PI3Kinase . 
In such anti-survival cellular micro-environment , pro-apoptotic signals were triggered to culminate into programmed death of MTC cell . 
These findings not only unveil a hitherto unexplained mechanism underlying theaflavin-induced MTC death , but also validate RET as a promising and potential target for MTC therapy . Update on the use of aromatase inhibitors in breast cancer . Purification and structural characterisation of phospholipase A1 ( Vespapase , Ves a 1 ) from Thai banded tiger wasp ( Vespa affinis ) venom . N-Acetyl-L-aspartyl-L-glutamate changes functional and structural properties of rat blood-brain barrier . The chemical universe database GDB-17 contains 166 . 4 billion molecules of up to 17 atoms of C , N , O , S , and halogens obeying rules for chemical stability , synthetic feasibility , and medicinal chemistry . 
GDB-17 was analyzed using 42 integer value descriptors of molecular structure which we term "Molecular Quantum Numbers" ( MQN ) . 
Principal component analysis and representation of the ( PC1 , PC2 ) -plane provided a graphical overview of the GDB-17 chemical space . 
Rapid ligand-based virtual screening ( LBVS ) of GDB-17 using the city-block distance CBD ( MQN ) as a similarity search measure was enabled by a hashed MQN-fingerprint . 
LBVS of the entire GDB-17 and of selected subsets identified shape similar , scaffold hopping analogs ( ROCS > 1 . 6 and T ( SF ) < 0 . 5 ) of 15 drugs . 
Over 97% of these analogs occurred within CBD ( MQN ) ≤ 12 from each drug , a constraint which might help focus advanced virtual screening . 
An MQN-searchable 50 million subset of GDB-17 is publicly available at www . 
gdb . 
unibe . 
ch . Epigenetic regulation of chromatin structure and gene function by biotin . Reboxetine versus fluvoxamine in the treatment of motor vehicle accident-related posttraumatic stress disorder : a double-blind , fixed-dosage , controlled trial . Ameliorating effects of casein glycomacropeptide on obesity induced by high-fat diet in male Sprague-Dawley rats . Oestrogen action on thyroid progenitor cells : relevant for the pathogenesis of thyroid Assessment of cytochrome P450 ( 1A2 , 2B6 , 2C9 and 3A4 ) induction in cryopreserved human hepatocytes cultured in 48-well plates using the cocktail strategy . Design , synthesis , and biological evaluation of N-acetyl-2-carboxybenzenesulfonamides : a novel class of cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) inhibitors . Apelin inhibits diet-induced obesity by enhancing lymphatic and blood vessel integrity . Inhibitory effects of in vivo oxidized high-density lipoproteins on platelet aggregation : evidence from patients with abetalipoproteinemia . Effects of ACTH and expression of the melanocortin-2 receptor in the neonatal mouse testis . Human peptidylarginine deiminase type III : molecular cloning and nucleotide sequence of the cDNA , properties of the recombinant enzyme , and immunohistochemical localization in human skin . Allopurinol is an inhibitor of xanthine oxidoreductase ( XOR ) and inhibits the generation of uric acid ( UA ) as the final product of purine catabolism , as well as the resulting generation of superoxide ( O2 ( - ) ) , in humans . 
Elevation of the serum UA ( SUA ) level , referred to as hyperuricemia ( HU ) , eventually leads to gout and allopurinol has been used for the treatment of HU and gout . 
Studies have revealed the role of elevated SUA levels and the associated oxidative stress ( OS ) in a broad spectrum of pathological conditions and it is anticipated that these findings would also expand the use of allopurinol as a therapeutic drug . 
This article presents a review of reports , mainly of recent studies , on the efficacy of allopurinol in various diseases and explores novel potential uses of the drug . 
Important novel and potential uses of great interest include metabolic syndrome ( MetS ) and related disorders , chronic kidney disease ( CKD ) , nonalcoholic fatty liver disease ( NAFLD ) and nonalcoholic steatohepatitis ( NASH ) . 
Ischemia-reperfusion injury and mucositis , encountered as adverse effects of cancer treatment , have also been under investigation as potential targets for allopurinol . Although standard nephrotoxicity assessments primarily detect impaired renal function , KIM-1 , clusterin , NGAL , osteopontin and TIMP-1 were recently identified biomarkers proposed to indicate earlier perturbations in renal integrity . 
The recent adulteration of infant and pet food with melamine ( MEL ) and structurally-related compounds revealed that co-ingestion of MEL and cyanuric acid ( CYA ) could form melamine-cyanurate crystals which obstruct renal tubules and induce acute renal failure . 
This study concurrently evaluated the ability of multiplexed urinary biomarker immunoassays and biomarker gene expression analysis to detect nephrotoxicity in F344 rats co-administered 60ppm each of MEL and CYA in feed or via gavage for 28days . 
The biomarkers were also evaluated for the ability to differentiate the effects of the compounds when co-administered using diverse dosing schedules ( i . 
e . 
, consecutive vs . 
staggered gavage ) and dosing matrixes ( i . 
e . 
, feed vs . 
gavage ) . 
Our results illustrate the ability of both methods to detect and differentiate the severity of adverse effects in the staggered and consecutive gavage groups at much lower doses than previously observed in animals co-exposed to the compounds in feed . 
We also demonstrate that these urinary biomarkers outperform traditional diagnostic methods and represent a powerful , non-invasive indicator of chemical-induced nephrotoxicity prior to the onset of renal dysfunction . 3-Methylcholanthrene ( MC ) is a readily metabolized aryl hydrocarbon receptor ( AHR ) agonist . 
MC disrupts expression of mouse hepatic growth hormone ( GH ) signaling components and suppresses cytochrome P450 2D9 ( Cyp2d9 ) , a male-specific gene controlled by pulsatile GH via signal transducer and activator of transcription 5b ( STAT5b ) . 
To determine if these effects of MC depend on hepatic microsomal P450-mediated activity , we examined biologic responses to MC treatment in liver Cpr-null ( LCN ) mice with hepatocyte-specific conditional deletion of NADPH-cytochrome P450 oxidoreductase ( POR ) . 
MC caused mild induction of Por and a hepatic inflammatory marker in wild-type mice , whereas MC caused strong induction of AHR target genes , Cyp1a1 , Cyp1a2 , and Cyp1b1 in wild-type and LCN mice . 
Two mouse hepatic STAT5b target genes , Cyp2d9 and major urinary protein 2 ( Mup2 ) , were suppressed by MC in wild-type mice , and the CYP2D9 mRNA response was maintained in LCN mice . 
In wild-type mice only , MC decreased hepatic GH receptor ( GHR ) mRNA but increased GHR protein levels . 
There was an apparent impairment of STAT5 phosphorylation by MC in wild-type and LCN mice , but large interanimal variation prevented achievement of statistical significance . 
In vehicle-treated mice , basal levels of MUP2 mRNA , GHR mRNA , GHR protein , and the activation status of extracellular signal-regulated kinase 2 and Akt were influenced by hepatic Por genetic status . 
These results indicate that the effects of MC on hepatic GH signaling components and target genes are complex , involving aspects that are both dependent and independent of hepatic microsomal P450-mediated activity . Proximal tubule cells extract dicarboxylates from filtrate and blood , using cotransporters located in the brush border [ sodium dicarboxylate cotransporter ( NaDC-1 ) ] and basolateral cell membrane ( NaDC-3 ) . 
We expressed the human NaDC-3 ( hNaDC-3 ) in Xenopus laevis oocytes and characterized it by the two-electrode voltage-clamp technique . 
At -60 mV , succinate ( 4 carbons ) and glutarate ( 5 carbons ) generated inward currents due to translocation of three sodium ions and one divalent dicarboxylate , whereas oxalate ( 2 carbons ) and malonate ( 3 carbons ) did not . 
The cis-dicarboxylate maleate produced currents smaller in magnitude , whereas the trans-dicarboxylate fumarate generated currents similar to succinate . 
The substituted succinate derivatives , malate , 2 , 2- and 2 , 3-dimethylsuccinate , and 2 , 3-dimercaptosuccinate elicited inward currents , whereas aspartate and guanidinosuccinate showed hardly detectable currents . 
The C-5 dicarboxylates glutarate and alpha-ketoglutarate produced larger currents than succinate; glutamate and folate failed to cause inward currents . 
Kinetic analysis revealed , at -60 mV , K ( 0 . 5 ) values of 25 + / - 12 microM for succinate and 45 + / - 13 microM for alpha-ketoglutarate , values close to the plasma concentration of these compounds . 
For both compounds , the K ( 0 . 5 ) was independent of voltage , whereas the maximal current increased with hyperpolarization . 
As opposed to the rat and flounder orthologs , hNaDC-3 was hardly inhibited by lithium concentrations up to 5 mM . 
In the absence of sodium , however , lithium can mediate succinate-dependent currents . 
The narrow substrate specificity prevents interaction of drugs with dicarboxylate-like structure with hNaDC-3 and ensures sufficient support of the proximal tubule cells with alpha-ketoglutarate for anion secretion via organic anion transporter 1 or 3 . The role of muscarinic receptor antagonism in antipsychotic-induced hippocampal acetylcholine release . Fat body dSir2 regulates muscle mitochondrial physiology and energy homeostasis nonautonomously and mimics the autonomous functions of dSir2 in muscles . While the benefits of progestogen use in hormone replacement therapy ( HRT ) are well recognized as far as endometrial protection is concerned , their risks and drawbacks have generated controversial articles . 
Several risks are attributed to progestogens as a class-effect; however , the progestogens used in HRT have varying pharmacological properties and do not induce the same side effects . 
Natural progesterone ( P ) and some of its derivatives , such as the 19-norprogesterones ( Nestorone , nomegestrol acetate , trimegestone ) , do not bind to the androgen receptor and , hence , do not exert androgenic side effects . 
Newly synthesized molecules such as drospirenone or dienogest have no androgenic effect but do have a partial antiandrogenic effect . 
Drospirenone derives from spironolactone and binds to the mineralocorticoid receptor . 
When the cardiovascular risk factors are considered , some molecules with a higher androgenic potency than others attenuate the beneficial effects of estrogens on the lipid profile as well as the vasomotion . 
On the other hand , other progestogens devoid of androgenic properties do not exert these deleterious effects . 
The epidemiological data do not suggest any negative effect of the progestogens administered together with estrogens on cardiovascular morbidity or mortality . 
However , recent results suggest that in women with established coronary heart disease , HRT may not protect against further heart attacks when the progestogen selected possesses androgenic properties . 
The data related to the progestogen effect on breast tissue has been interpreted differently from country to country . 
However , it has been admitted that , according to the type of progestogen used and the dose and duration of its application , a predominant antiproliferative effect is observed in the human breast cells . 
As far as breast cancer risk is concerned , most epidemiological studies do not suggest any significant difference between the estrogens given alone or combined with progestogens in HRT . 
Complying with the classic contraindications of HRT and selecting molecules devoid of estrogenic , androgenic , or glucocorticoid effect should allow a larger use of the progestins without any major drawback . The differential effects of 5-HT ( 1A ) receptor stimulation on dopamine receptor-mediated abnormal involuntary movements and rotations in the primed hemiparkinsonian rat . Contribution of Leydig and Sertoli cells to testosterone production in mouse fetal testes . GABA ( A ) receptors as molecular targets of general anesthetics : identification of binding sites provides clues to allosteric modulation . The effect of manganese on dopamine toxicity and dopamine transporter ( DAT ) in control and DAT transfected HEK cells . Lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A ( 2 ) ( Lp-PLA ( 2 ) or PLA ( 2 ) G7 ) binds to low-density lipoprotein ( LDL ) particles , where it is thought to hydrolyze oxidatively truncated phospholipids . 
Lp-PLA ( 2 ) has also been implicated as a pro-tumorigenic enzyme in human prostate cancer . 
Several inhibitors of Lp-PLA ( 2 ) have been described , including darapladib , which is currently in phase 3 clinical development for the treatment of atherosclerosis . 
The selectivity that darapladib and other Lp-PLA ( 2 ) inhibitors display across the larger serine hydrolase family has not , however , been reported . 
Here , we describe the use of both general and tailored activity-based probes for profiling Lp-PLA ( 2 ) and inhibitors of this enzyme in native biological systems . 
We show that both darapladib and a novel class of structurally distinct carbamate inhibitors inactivate Lp-PLA ( 2 ) in mouse tissues and human cell lines with high selectivity . 
Our findings thus identify both inhibitors and chemoproteomic probes that are suitable for investigating Lp-PLA ( 2 ) function in biological systems . Amikacin is principally used to treat infections caused by microorganisms resistant to other aminoglycosides . 
Ototoxicity is one of the side effects of amikacin , but the causative mechanism of damage to the ear has not been fully established . 
Thus , the aim of this work was to examine the impact of amikacin on the melanogenesis and antioxidant defense system in cultured human normal melanocytes ( HEMa-LP ) . 
Amikacin induced the concentration - dependent loss in melanocytes viability . 
The value of EC50 was determined to be ~7 . 5 mM . 
The analyzed antibiotic inhibited melanin biosynthesis in concentration-dependent manner . 
Increasing the amikacin concentration also resulted in a decrease in cellular tyrosinase activity . 
To study the antioxidant defense system in melanocytes , the activities of superoxide dismutase ( SOD ) , catalase ( CAT ) and glutathione peroxidase ( GPx ) in cells exposed to amikacin were determined . 
Significant changes in cellular antioxidant enzymes activities were observed . 
Modulation of melanogenesis and the antioxidant status of melanocytes resulting from the use of amikacin in vitro may explain a potential role of melanin and melanocytes in the mechanisms of aminoglycosides ototoxic effects in vivo . Biochemical modulation of cell energy by 2-deoxyglucose and malonate in 7 , 12-dimethylbenz ( a ) anthracene-induced carcinogenesis in rats . Troglitazone and rosiglitazone ( BRL49653 ) , members of the thiazolidinedione ( TZD ) class of antidiabetic drugs , are peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma ( PPARgamma ) ligands that induce adipocyte differentiation and increase the expression of PPARgamma protein . 
Here , we report the characterization of a PPARgamma specific monoclonal antibody ( MAb ) , PgammaA53 . 25 , and its use to monitor PPARgamma expression in the noncommitted pluripotent murine mesenchymal stem cell line , C3H10T1 / 2 , treated with TZDs . 
MAb PgammaA53 . 25 was raised against a region in the N-terminal domain of human PPARgamma shared by splice variants PPARgamma1 and PPARgamma2 . 
It recognizes immunizing antigen in enzyme-linked immunoadsorbent assay ( ELISA ) , and does not cross-react with the N-terminal domains of PPARalpha or PPARdelta . 
In Western blotting , PgammaA53 . 25 reacts with the immunizing antigen as well as distinct protein bands corresponding to the molecular weight of full length PPARgamma from C3H10T1 / 2 cells and rat tissue lysates . 
In fluorescent microscopy , PgammaA53 . 25 immunostains nuclei of C3H10T1 / 2 cells treated with PPARgamma ligands . 
The fluorescence intensity of the treated cells is TZD dose-dependent , and correlates with lipid accumulation consistent with adipogenesis . 
Based on these results , we propose that MAb PgammaA53 . 25 will be a useful tool for elucidating the role of PPARgamma in fatty acid metabolism and adipocyte differentiation . Metformin increases AMP-activated protein kinase activity in skeletal muscle of subjects with type 2 diabetes . Resistant variants of the human leukaemic line K562 were developed using selection with the deoxynucleoside analogues cytosine arabinoside , 2-chlorodeoxyadenosine , fludarabine and gemcitabine . 
The resistant lines displayed a high degree of cross resistance to all deoxynucleoside analogues , with little or no cross resistance to other agents . 
There was a profound accumulation defect of all nucleoside analogues in the resistant variants but no significant defect in nucleoside transport in any of the variants . 
5' nucleotidase activity was strongly increased and deoxycytidine kinase activity was moderately reduced in all of the resistant variants , resulting in reduced accumulation of triphosphate analogues . 
In addition a deletion in one of the alleles of the deoxycytidine kinase was detected in the fludarabine-resistant line . 
Ribonucleotide reductase activity was found to be strongly increased in the gemcitabine-selected line and purine nucleoside phosphorylase was increased in the 2-chlorodeoxyadenosine-selected line . 
Free nucleotide pools were increased in the 2-chlorodeoxyadenosine-selected line . 
There was no expression of the mdr1 gene by the resistant lines . 
Karyotypic analysis and FISH experiments using a 6q21 specific probe showed alterations in the 6 ( q16-q22 ) region which contains the 5'-nucleotidase gene . 
Early events in the activation and degradation of deoxynucleoside analogues appear to constitute common mechanisms of resistance to these compounds . The limited entry of interleukin-1beta ( IL-1beta ) into the central nervous system has led to the hypothesis that IL-1beta acts , through IL-1beta receptors located notably on endothelial cells , on the release of prostaglandins which in turn stimulate the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal ( HPA ) axis . 
We used cyclo-oxygenase-1 ( COX-1 ) and cyclo-oxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) and 5-lipoxygenase ( 5-LOX ) inhibitors , before the injection of IL-1beta , to explore the role of arachidonic acid metabolic pathways on HPA axis activation . 
Adult male rats were i . 
m injected 20 min before i . 
p injection of IL-1beta , with ( i ) : a COX-1 / COX-2 inhibitor ( ketoprofen ) ; ( ii ) a COX-2 selective inhibitor ( NS 398 ) ; or ( iii ) a 5-LOX inhibitor ( BW A4C ) . 
Following this , rats were killed 90 min after i . 
p . 
IL-1beta injection and analysis for plasma adrenocorticotropic hormone ( ACTH ) and corticosterone concentrations and determination of anterior pituitary pro-opio melanocortin ( POMC ) gene transcription was conducted . 
Administration of the COX-1 / COX-2 inhibitor led to a complete blockage of ACTH and corticosterone secretion and POMC gene transcription . 
The COX-2 inhibitor led to a complete blockade of ACTH secretion and POMC gene transcription but had no effect on corticosterone secretion . 
The 5-LOX inhibitor had no significant effect on any parameter . 
These results demonstrate the crucial role of eicosanoid pathways in mediating the stimulation of the HPA axis induced by IL-1beta . 
Moreover , we found a clear dissociation of the effect of the blockage of COXs upon ACTH and corticosterone secretion , suggesting that IL-1beta may act at the brain as well as at the adrenal cortex to stimulate the secretion of corticosterone . The relative protein abundance of UGT1A alternative splice variants as a key determinant of glucuronidation activity in vitro . Safrole-2' , 3'-oxide ( SFO ) is the major electrophilic metabolite of safrole ( 4-allyl-1 , 2-methylenedioxybenzene ) , a natural plant constituent found in essential oils of numerous edible herbs and spices and in food containing these herbs , such as pesto sauce , cola beverages and bologna sausages . 
The effects of SFO in mammalian systems , especially the cardiovascular system , are little known . 
Disruption of vulnerable atherosclerotic plaques in atherosclerosis , a chronic inflammatory disease , is the main cause of cardiovascular events . 
In this study , we investigated SFO-induced atherosclerotic plaque vulnerability ( possibility of rupture ) in apolipoprotein E-knockout ( apoE ( - / - ) ) mice . 
Lipid area in vessel wall reached 59 . 8% in high dose SFO ( SFO-HD ) treated group , which is only 31 . 2% in control group . 
SFO treatment changed the lesion composition to an unstable phenotype , increased the number of apoptotic cells in plaque and the endothelium in plaques was damaged after SFO treatment . 
Furthermore , compared with control groups , the plaque endothelium level of p75 ( NTR ) was 3-fold increased and the liver level of p75 ( NTR ) was 17 . 4-fold increased by SFO-HD . 
Meanwhile , the serum level of KC ( a functional homolog of IL-8 and the main proinflammatory alpha chemokine in mice ) in apoE ( - / - ) mice was up to 357pg / ml in SFO-HD treated group . 
Thus , SFO contributes to the instability of atherosclerotic plaque in apoE ( - / - ) mice through activating p75 ( NTR ) and IL-8 and cell apoptosis in plaque . OBJECTIVE To study the association between vitamin D status and the risk of incident impaired fasting glucose ( IFG ) and diabetes in a population-based cohort of diabetes-free subjects . 
RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS In a historical prospective cohort study of subjects from the Clalit Health Services database , which includes information on nearly 4 million people , diabetes-free subjects aged 40-70 years with serum 25-hydroxycholecalciferol ( 25-OHD ) measurements available were followed for 2 years to assess the development of IFG and diabetes in five 25-OHD subgroups : ≥25 , 25 . 1-37 . 5 , 37 . 6-50 , 50 . 1-75 , and >75 nmol / L . 
RESULTS The baseline cohort included 117 , 960 adults : 83 , 526 normoglycemic subjects and 34 , 434 subjects with IFG . 
During follow-up , 8 , 629 subjects ( 10 . 3% of the normoglycemic group ) developed IFG , and 2 , 162 subjects ( 1 . 8% of the total cohort ) progressed to diabetes . 
A multivariable model adjusted for age , sex , population group , immigrant status , BMI , season of vitamin D measurement , LDL and HDL cholesterol , triglycerides , estimated glomerular filtration rate , history of hypertension or cardiovascular disease , Charlson comorbidity index , smoking , and socioeconomic status revealed an inverse association between 25-OHD and the risk of progression to IFG and diabetes . 
The odds of transitioning from normoglycemia to IFG , from normoglycemia to diabetes , and from IFG to diabetes in subjects with a 25-OHD level ≤25 nmol / L were greater than those of subjects with a 25-OHD level >75 nmol / L [ odds ratio 1 . 13 ( 95% CI 1 . 03-1 . 24 ) , 1 . 77 ( 1 . 11-2 . 83 ) , and 1 . 43 ( 1 . 16-1 . 76 ) , respectively ] . 
CONCLUSIONS Vitamin D deficiency appears to be an independent risk factor for the development of IFG and diabetes . Prostaglandin E2 acts via bone marrow macrophages to block PTH-stimulated osteoblast differentiation in vitro . Fatty acid biosynthesis is an emerging target for the development of novel antibacterial chemotherapeutics . 
The dissociated bacterial system is substantially different from the large , multifunctional protein of mammals , and many possibilities exist for type-selective drugs . 
Several compounds , both synthetic and natural , target bacterial fatty acid synthesis . 
Three compounds target the FabI enoyl-ACP reductase step; isoniazid , a clinically used antituberculosis drug , triclosan , a widely used consumer antimicrobial , and diazaborines . 
In addition , cerulenin and thiolactomycin , two fungal products , inhibit the FabH , FabB and FabF condensation enzymes . 
Finally , the synthetic reaction intermediates BP1 and decynoyl- N-acetyl cysteamine inhibit the acetyl-CoA carboxylase and dehydratase isomerase steps , respectively . 
The mechanisms of action of these compounds , as well as the potential development of new drugs targeted against this pathway , are discussed . Phospholipase A2 ( PLA2 ) has been postulated to play a role in the regulation of cytokine expression . 
Therefore , the objective of the present study was to investigate the effects of PLA2 inhibitors p-bromophenacyl bromide ( BPB ) and arachidonyl trifluoromethyl ketone ( AACOCF3 ) on interleukin-2 ( IL-2 ) expression in murine primary splenocytes . 
Pretreatment of the splenocytes with both BPB and AACOCF3 suppressed phorbol 12-myristate 13-acetate plus ionomycin-induced IL-2 secretion in a concentration-dependent manner . 
Inhibition > 90% of IL-2 secretion was observed at 1 microM BPB and 10 microM AACOCF3 compared to the respective vehicle control . 
Likewise , IL-2 steady-state mRNA expression was inhibited by both PLA2 inhibitors in a concentration-dependent fashion with > 90% inhibition at 1 microM BPB and 20 microM AACOCF3 . 
Taken together , these data demonstrated that PLA2 inhibitors BPB and AACOCF3 are robust inhibitors of IL-2 expression at both the mRNA and protein levels in murine splenocytes . 
Moreover , these findings suggest that drugs and chemicals which inhibit PLA2 may have marked effects on T-cell function . Chagas disease ( human American trypanosomiasis ) , which is caused by the protozoan parasite Trypanosoma cruzi , is responsible for numerous deaths each year; however , established treatments for the disease are limited . 
Differentiation-inducing factor-1 ( DIF-1 ) and DIF-3 are chlorinated alkylphenones originally found in the cellular slime mold Dictyostelium discoideum that have been shown to possess pharmacological activities . 
Here , we investigated the effects of DIF-3 derivatives on the infection rate and growth of T . 
cruzi by using an in vitro assay system utilizing host human fibrosarcoma HT1080 cells . 
Certain DIF-3 derivatives , such as butoxy-DIF-3 ( Bu-DIF-3 ) , at micro-molar levels strongly suppressed both the infection rate and growth of T . 
cruzi in HT1080 cells and exhibited little toxicity for HT1080 cells . 
For example , the IC50 of DIF-3 and Bu-DIF-3 versus the growth of T . 
cruzi in HT1080 cells were 3 . 95 and 0 . 72μM , respectively , and the LD50 of the two compounds versus HT1080 cells were both greater than 100μM . 
We also examined the effects of DIF-3 and Bu-DIF-3 on T . 
cruzi activity in C57BL / 6 mice . 
Intraperitoneally administered Bu-DIF-3 ( 50mg / kg ) significantly suppressed the number of trypomastigotes in blood with no apparent adverse effects . 
These results strongly suggest that DIF-3 derivatives could be new lead compounds in the development of anti-trypanosomiasis drugs . Dietary cholesterol consumption and intestinal cholesterol absorption contribute to plasma cholesterol levels , a risk factor for coronary heart disease . 
The molecular mechanism of sterol uptake from the lumen of the small intestine is poorly defined . 
We show that Niemann-Pick C1 Like 1 ( NPC1L1 ) protein plays a critical role in the absorption of intestinal cholesterol . 
NPC1L1 expression is enriched in the small intestine and is in the brush border membrane of enterocytes . 
Although otherwise phenotypically normal , NPC1L1-deficient mice exhibit a substantial reduction in absorbed cholesterol , which is unaffected by dietary supplementation of bile acids . 
Ezetimibe , a drug that inhibits cholesterol absorption , had no effect in NPC1L1 knockout mice , suggesting that NPC1L1 resides in an ezetimibe-sensitive pathway responsible for intestinal cholesterol absorption . Glutamate receptors of the N-methyl-D-asparate ( NMDA- ) subtype are tetrameric allosteric and ligand-gated calcium channels . 
They are modulated by a variety of endogenous ligands and ions and play a pivotal role in memory-related signal transduction due to a voltage-dependent block by magnesium , which makes them Hebbian coincidence detectors . 
On the structural level NMDA receptors have an enormous flexibility due to seven genes ( NR1 , NR2A-D and NR3A-B ) , alternative splicing , RNA-editing and extensive posttranslational modifications , like phosphorylation and glycosylation . 
NMDA receptors are thought to be responsible for excitotoxicity and subsequent downstream events like neuroinflammation and apoptosis and thus have been implicated in many important human pathologies , ranging from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , Alzheimer's and Parkinson' disease , depression , epilepsy , trauma and stroke to schizophrenia . 
This fundamental significance of NMDA receptor-related excitotoxicity is discussed in the context of the developing clinical success of Memantine , but moreover set into relation to various proteomic and genetic markers of said diseases . 
The very complex localisational and functional regulation of NMDA receptors appears to be dependent on neuregulins and receptor tyrosine kinases in cholesterol-rich membrane domains ( lipid rafts ) , calcium-related mitochondrial feedback-loops and subsynaptic structural elements like PSD-95 ( post-synaptic density protein of 95 kD ) . 
The flexibility and multitude of interaction partners and possibilities of these highly dynamic molecular systems are discussed in terms of drug development strategies , in particular comparing high affinity and sub-type specific ligands to currently successful or promising therapies . Three new diarylheptanoids , ( 3S , 5R ) -3-hydroxy-5-methoxy-1 , 7-bis ( 4-hydroxyphenyl ) -6E-heptene ( 1 ) , ( 3S , 5S ) -3-hydroxy-5-methoxy-1 , 7-bis ( 4-hydroxyphenyl ) -6E-heptene ( 2 ) , and ( 3S ) -3-hydroxy-1 , 7-bis ( 4-hydroxyphenyl ) -6E-hepten-5-one ( 3 ) , four new flavonoid glycosides , 3 , 7 , 3'-tri-O-methylquercetin-4'-O-β-d-apiofuranosyl- ( 1→2 ) -O-β-d-glucopyranoside ( 4 ) , 7 , 3'-di-O-methylquercetin-4'-O-β-d-glucopyranosyl-3-O- [ 6‴- ( 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaroyl ) ] -α-d-glucopyranoside ( 5 ) , 7 , 3'-di-O-methylquercetin-4'-O-β-d-glucopyranosyl-3-O- [ ( 6'''''→5'''' ) -O-1'''''- ( sinap-4-yl ) -β-d-glucopyranosyl-6‴- ( 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaroyl ) ] -α-d-glucopyranoside ( 6 ) , and ( 2S ) -5-hydroxy-7 , 3'-dimethoxyflavanone-4'-O-β-d-apiofuranosyl- ( 1→5 ) -O-β-d-apiofuranosyl- ( 1→2 ) -O-β-d-glucopyranoside ( 9 ) , and 17 known compounds were isolated from the leaves and twigs of Viscum album . 
Compounds 1 , 4 , and 19 significantly inhibited LPS-stimulated production of TNF-α , IL-6 , and IL-12p40 with IC50 values ranging from 0 . 09 ± 0 . 01 to 8 . 96 ± 0 . 45 μM . 
( + ) -Medioresinol ( 13 ) showed inhibitory effects on LPS-stimulated production of IL-12p40 with an IC50 value of 2 . 00 ± 0 . 15 μM . Loss of beta-adrenoceptor response in myocytes overexpressing the Na + / Ca ( 2 + ) -exchanger . Selective cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) inhibitors and breast cancer risk . Topiramate reduced sweat secretion and aquaporin-5 expression in sweat glands of mice . Protective action of cardiac DT-diaphorase against menadione toxicity in guinea pig isolated atria . Dendrimer Driven Self-Assembly of SPR Active Silver-Gold Nanohybrids . Cooperative homotropic interaction of L-noradrenaline with the catalytic site of phenylalanine 4-monooxygenase . Little is known in terms of multi-matrix cytochrome P450 activity induction under repeated oral exposure to planar halogenated and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ( PHH , PAH ) . 
In the present study , 60 rats were daily exposed , during 28days , to oral ingestion of a mixture consisting of phenanthrene , pyrene and benzo ( a ) pyrene at 0 , 6 or 600μg / day . 
EROD activity , reflecting almost exclusively CYP1A1 and CYP1B1 activities , was measured in brain and liver microsomes as well as in peripheral blood lymphocytes ( PBLs ) . 
All induction kinetics could be appropriately fitted using logistic-like models . 
After 28days of exposure to a 6μg / day dose , EROD activity was found to be 91 , 152 and 94-fold increased in lymphocytes , liver and brain , respectively , compared to day 0 . 
Plateau activities could be appropriately fitted versus ingested doses using Hill or Michaelis-Menten models . 
Correlations between matrices made it possible to conclude that EROD activity in PBL should be considered as a sensitive , convenient and non-destructive approach for ( i ) evaluating EROD activity in liver , which was found to represent 98% of the observed EROD activities in the three tested matrices and ( ii ) evaluating oral exposure of homogeneous groups of farm animals ( race , diet ) to CYP inducing PAH and PHH . Almotriptan ( 3- [ 2- ( dimethylamino ) ethyl ] -5- ( pyrrolidin-1-ylsulfonylmethyl ) -1H-indo le ) has been studied in several models predictive of activity and selectivity at 5-HT receptors . 
Almotriptan showed low nanomolar affinity for the 5-HT ( 1B ) and 5-HT ( 1D ) receptors in several species , including the human , while affinity for 5-HT receptors other than 5-HT ( 1B / 1D ) was clearly less . 
Affinity for 5-HT ( 7 ) and 5-HT ( 1A ) receptors was approximately 40 and 60 times lower than that for 5-HT ( 1B / 1D ) receptors , respectively . 
Almotriptan did not exhibit significant affinity for several non-5-HT receptors studied up to 100 microM . 
Almotriptan inhibited forskolin-stimulated cyclic AMP accumulation in HeLa cells transfected with 5-HT ( 1B ) or 5-HT ( 1D ) human receptors . 
In this model , almotriptan had the same efficacy as serotonin and an affinity in the low nanomolar range . 
It induced vasoconstriction in several vessels in which it was compared with sumatriptan . 
In isolated dog saphenous veins , almotriptan elicited concentration-dependent contractions with an EC ( 50 ) of 394 nM . 
In both these systems , almotriptan behaved as a full agonist . 
Infusion of almotriptan into the porcine meningeal vasculature induced vasoconstriction . 
In contrast , in the pig renal and rabbit mesenteric arteries , it had a very low maximal efficacy even at 100 microM , with similar results obtained in the rabbit renal artery . 
The results suggest that almotriptan is a potent and selective 5-HT ( 1B / 1D ) receptor agonist , with selectivity for the cranial vasculature as compared with peripheral vessels . Phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitors delay human eosinophil and neutrophil apoptosis in the absence and presence of salbutamol . β-Lapachone ( β-Lap ) is a 1 , 2-orthonaphthoquinone that selectively induces cell death in human cancer cells through NAD ( P ) H : quinone oxidoreductase-1 ( NQO1 ) . 
NQO1 is overexpressed in a variety of tumors , as compared to normal adjacent tissue . 
However , the low solubility and non-specific distribution of β-Lap limit its suitability for clinical assays . 
We formulated β-Lap in an optimal random methylated-β-cyclodextrin / poloxamer 407 mixture ( i . 
e . 
, β-Lap ternary system ) and , using human breast adenocarcinoma MCF-7 cells and immunodeficient mice , performed in vitro and in vivo evaluation of its anti-tumor effects on proliferation , cell cycle , apoptosis , DNA damage , and tumor growth . 
This ternary system is fluid at room temperature , gels over 29°C , and provides a significant amount of drug , thus facilitating intratumoral delivery , in situ gelation , and the formation of a depot for time-release . 
Administration of β-Lap ternary system to MCF-7 cells induces an increase in apoptosis and DNA damage , while producing no changes in cell cycle . 
Moreover , in a mouse xenograft tumor model , intratumoral injection of the system significantly reduces tumor volume , while increasing apoptosis and DNA damage without visible toxicity to liver or kidney . 
These anti-tumoral effects and lack of visible toxicity make this system a promising new therapeutic agent for breast cancer treatment . Comparative pharmacology of GP IIb / IIIa antagonists . Behavioral and biochemical investigations of bupropion metabolites . Threshold collision-induced dissociation of hydrated magnesium : experimental and theoretical investigation of the binding energies for Mg ( 2 + ) ( H2O ) x complexes ( x = 2-10 ) . The rates of intracellular protein degradation , of identically labelled populations of proteins , were compared in hepatocytes cultured at 37 degrees ( on an adsorbed collagen layer ) and in cells preserved on gelatin gels at 10 degrees C . 
The half-lives of the long-lived proteins were 35 . 4 + / -8 . 6 h ( N = 4 ) and 692 . 9 + / -216 . 9 h ( N = 4 ) respectively . 
Proteolysis was substantially decreased at 10 degrees C but the rate of decrease remained constant . 
Hepatocytes rapidly removed resorufin from the culture medium . 
The resorufin was not being conjugated or accumulated within the cells . 
Dicumarol , a potent inhibitor of quinone oxidoreductase , at high concentration ( 500 microm ) caused only a 72% decrease in the utilization of resorufin . 
The microsomal detoxifying enzyme , cytochrome P-450 1A1 remained at a constant level in the preserved hepatocyte monolayers . 
The results of this study strongly favour storing hepatocytes at 10 degrees C rather than at 4 degrees or 37 degrees C . Access of corticotropin to glucocorticoid synthesis in adrenocortical cells is provided by the expression of the ACTH receptor ( MC2R ) . 
Activation of the MC2R increases stimulatory G-protein , adenylyl cyclase , and protein kinase A ( PKA ) activities . 
Furthermore , PKA phosphorylates transcription factors that have a stimulating effect on glucocorticoid synthesis . 
Sensitivity of adrenocortical cells to renin / angiotensin-2 is conferred by the expression of the inhibitory G-protein-linked angiotensin-2 type 1 receptor ( AT1R ) that additionally associates to the phospholipase C-activating G-protein q . 
The AT1R is connected to the adrenal potassium sensory system and regulates calcium influx as well as phospholipase C-β ( PLC-β ) and thus calmodulin kinase-dependent transcription of steroidogenic enzymes . 
While AT1R signaling suppresses the influence of corticotropin on the generation of cyclic adenosine monophosphate , the expression of the AT1R and its associated enzyme activities are under the control of glucocorticoids . 
Thus , dominance of one of the two signaling pathways is dependent on two factors : the extracellular concentration of their ligands and the products of their signaling pathways . 
These findings are in favor of the hypothesis that the centripetal blood flow through the adrenal gland builds up a glucocorticoid gradient creating a morphogenetic field along which adrenal cortical cells adopt different functional states , leading to the typical zonation of the adrenal cortex . Pumping iron : Raymond's group has identified and described the molecular details of an ABC transporter . 
Together with a binding protein at the cell surface , it is able to extract an unstable form of ferricitrate . A general two-process model describes the hydrogen exchange behavior of RNase A in unfolding conditions . Olopatadine suppresses the migration of THP-1 monocytes induced by S100A12 protein . Capsicum annuum L . 
is reported to be the most widely cultivated species . 
Recently , waste of vegetable processing , like seeds , has been the subject of many studies as an attempt to find new , alternative and cheap resources of bioactive compounds with application in several industries . 
Despite their chemical , biological and ecological importance , C . 
annuum seeds are still poorly studied . 
To improve the knowledge on the metabolic profile of this matrix , a targeted metabolite analysis was performed in "sweet Italian" and "Reus long pairal" pepper seeds . 
Sterols , triterpenes , organic acids , fatty acids and volatile compounds were determined by different chromatographic methods . 
The antioxidant activity was assessed against DPPH ( · ) , superoxide and nitric oxide radicals . 
A concentration-dependent activity was noticed against all radicals . 
Acetylcholinesterase inhibitory capacity was also evaluated , but no effect was found . 
Data provide evidence of great similarities between "sweet Italian" and "Reus long pairal" pepper seeds . 
The present study indicates that C . 
annuum seeds are a potential source of valuable bioactive compounds that could be used in food industry . Involvement of UDP-glucuronosyltransferases UGT1A9 and UGT2B7 in ethanol glucuronidation , and interactions with common drugs of abuse . Clock Gene Expression in the Liver of Streptozotocin-induced and Spontaneous Type 1 Diabetic Rats . Modulation of KCNQ2 / 3 potassium channels by the novel anticonvulsant retigabine . In isolated rat hepatocytes , cadmium ( 0-200 microM ) decreased the overall glucuronidation of both isopropyl N- ( 3-chloro-4 hydroxyphenyl ) carbamate ( 4-hydroxychlorpropham , 4-OHCIPC ) and 4-nitrophenol in a concentration-dependent manner . 
In contrast , in native rat liver microsomes , glucuronidation of 4-OHCIPC was increased by cadmium through activation of microsomal 4-OHCIPC glucuronosyl transferase . 
In addition , in rat microsome incubations , the net amount of 4-OHCIPC glucuronide was also indirectly increased by cadmium through a reduction in the activity of beta-glucuronidase . 
As the effect of cadmium on the activity of 4-OHCIPC glucuronosyl transferase could not account for the decrease in glucuronide formation in intact hepatocytes , the influence of cadmium on the availability of UDP-glucuronic acid ( UDPGA ) was investigated further . 
In isolated rat hepatocytes , cadmium depleted the UDPGA content in a dose-dependent manner without a change in the UDP glucose ( UDPG ) content . 
Cadmium did not increase the breakdown of UDPGA by microsomal UDPGA pyrophosphatase but strongly decreased ( 30-66% ) the synthesis of the cofactor in the cytosol by inhibiting UDP-glucose dehydrogenase ( UDPGDH ) . 
Cadmium ( 10-50 microM ) was found to inhibit the purified enzyme from bovine liver ( EC 1 . 1 . 1 . 22 ) non-competitively . 
In vivo in the absence of a substrate undergoing glucuronidation , cadmium administration , 1 . 5 and 2 . 5 mg Cd / kg i . 
v . 
, to normally fed rats resulted in a 15 and 30% decrease of hepatic UDPGA , respectively . 
However , in the liver , neither the NAD + / NADH ratio nor the UDPG content was significantly changed following cadmium treatment . 
Both in vitro and in vivo results support the conclusion that in intact cells the reduction in overall 4-OHCIPC glucuronidation caused by cadmium was due to a decrease in UDPGA availability which results from the inhibiting effect of cadmium on UDPGDH . Liddle's syndrome is an autosomal dominant disease characterized by sodium-sensitive early hypertension and mutations in either the beta- or gamma-subunit of the amiloride-sensitive epithelial sodium channel encoded by SCNN1B and SCNN1G . 
We sequenced the 381 bp-coding regions in exon 13 of SCNN1B and the 381 bp-coding regions in exon 12 of SCNN1G in 948 and 953 Japanese patients with hypertension , respectively . 
In the SCNN1B gene , we identified three missense mutations , P592S ( n = 3 ) , T594M ( n = 2 ) , and E632K ( n = 1 ) in a heterozygous state in addition to four synonymous ones , Ile515 ( n = 1 ) , Ser520 ( n = 19 ) , Ser533 ( n = 1 ) , and Thr594 ( n = 11 ) . 
In the SCNN1G gene , we identified three missense mutations , A578V ( n = 1 ) , P603S ( n = 1 ) , and L609F ( n = 1 ) in a heterozygous state in addition to two synonymous ones , Ile550 ( n = 1 ) and Leu649 ( n = 91 , heterozygous; n = 2 , homozygous ) . 
We did not identify the same mutations previously reported in Liddle's syndrome kindreds . 
Two of the six hypertensive patients with missense mutation in the SCNN1B gene showed atypical renin and aldosterone levels , though one of them was diagnosed with renovascular hypertension . 
One patient with T594M in the SCNN1B gene was resistant to hypertension . 
The roles of these missense mutations in the SCNN1B or SCNN1G gene identified in hypertensive patients are not clear in the pathogenesis of hypertension and the regulation of electrolytes . 
Thus , further investigation of these mutations , including functional analyses , will be needed . Effects of the EGFR / HER2 kinase inhibitor GW572016 on EGFR- and HER2-overexpressing breast cancer cell line proliferation , radiosensitization , and resistance . Kinetic mechanism and quaternary structure of Aminobacter aminovorans NADH : flavin oxidoreductase : an unusual flavin reductase with bound flavin . Alternative splicing of cyclooxygenase-1 mRNA in the human iris . Receptor targeting ligands for imaging and / or therapy of cancer are limited by heterogeneity of receptor expression by tumor cells , both inter-patient and intra-patient . 
It is often more important for imaging agents to identify local and distant spread of disease than it is to identify a specific receptor presence . 
Two natural hormone peptide receptors , GRPR and Y1 , are specifically interesting because expression of GRPR , Y1 or both is up-regulated in most breast cancers . 
We describe here the design and development of a new heterobivalent peptide ligand , truncated bombesin ( t-BBN ) / BVD15-DO3A , for dual-targeting of GRPR and Y1 , and validation of its dual binding capability . 
Such a probe should be useful in imaging cells , tissues and tumors that are GRPR and / or Y1 positive and should target radioisotopes , for example , ( 68 ) Ga and / or ( 177 ) Lu , to more tumors cells than single GRPR or Y1 targeted probes . 
A GRP targeting ligand , J-G-Abz4-QWAVGHLM-NH ( 2 ) ( J-G-Abz4-t-BBN ) , and an Y1 targeting ligand , INP-K [ ε-J- ( α-DO3A-ε-DGa ) -K ] -YRLRY-NH ( 2 ) ( [ ε-J- ( α-DO3A-ε-DGa ) -K ] -BVD-15 ) , were synthesized and coupled to produce the heterobivalent ligand , t-BBN / BVD15-DO3A . 
Competitive displacement binding assays using t-BBN / BVD15-DO3A against ( 125 ) I-Tyr ( 4 ) -BBN yielded an IC ( 50 ) value of 18 ± 0 . 7 nM for GRPR in T-47D cells , a human breast cancer cell line . 
A similar assay using t-BBN / BVD15-DO3A against porcine ( 125 ) I-NPY showed IC ( 50 ) values of 80 ± 11 nM for Y1 receptor in MCF7 cells , another human breast cancer cell line . 
In conclusion , it is possible to construct a single DO3A chelate containing probe that can target both GRPR and Y1 on human tumor cells . Effects of vitamin K1 supplementation on vascular responsiveness and oxidative stress in a rat femoral osteotomy model . Molecular tools to study melatonin pathways and actions . The dermis of a child with Ehlers-Danlos syndrome type IV ( EDS-IV ) contained about 11% of the normal amount of type III collagen and cultured dermal fibroblasts produced a reduced amount of type III procollagen which was secreted poorly . 
Type III collagen produced by these cells contained normal and abnormal alpha-chains and cyanogen bromide peptides . 
The site of the structural defect in the abnormal alpha 1 ( III ) chains was localized to the region of Met797 , which is at the junction of the two carboxyl-terminal CB5 and CB9 cyanogen bromide peptides . 
Chemical cleavage of heteroduplexes formed between EDS-IV mRNA and a normal cDNA clone covering the CB5 and CB9 region showed that about 100 nucleotides were mismatched . 
Sequencing of amplified and cloned cDNA spanning the mutant region revealed a 108 nucleotide deletion corresponding to amino acid residues Gly775 to Lys810 . 
The deleted nucleotide sequence corresponded to sequences that , by analogy to the organization of the type I collagen genes , should be precisely encoded by exon 41 of the COL3A1 gene . 
Sequencing of amplified genomic DNA , prepared using disimilar amounts of primers specific for exons 41 and 42 , displayed a base substitution ( G-to-A ) in the highly conserved GT dinucleotide of the 5' splice site of intron 41 . 
Normal sequences were also obtained from the normal allele . 
It is likely that the GT-to-AT transition at the splice donor site of intron 41 generated an abnormally spliced mRNA in which sequences of exon 40 and 42 were joined together with maintenance of the reading frame . 
The corresponding peptide deletion included the cyanogen bromide cleavage site Met797-Pro798 and the mammalian collagenase cleavage site at Gly781-Ile782 . 
These losses account for the resistance of EDS-IV collagen to cyanogen bromide and mammalian collagenase digestion . 
Cultured fibroblasts produced normal homotrimer , mutant homotrimer , and mixed heterotrimer type III collagen molecules . 
The mutant homotrimer molecules were the major pepsin-resistant species and about 69% of the alpha 1 ( III ) mRNA was in the mutant form . Vinblastine-induced apoptosis of melanoma cells is mediated by Ras homologous A protein ( Rho A ) via mitochondrial and non-mitochondrial-dependent mechanisms . BACKGROUND : Recent epidemiologic and laboratory studies have suggested that non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( NSAIDs ) may reduce the risk of breast cancer through inhibition of cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) . 
METHODS : We conducted a case-control study to measure the association between selective cox-2 inhibitors , particularly celecoxib , rofecoxib , valdecoxib and non-specific NSAID subgroups , and breast cancer risk . 
Between 2003 and 2006 , a total of 18 , 368 incident breast cancer cases were identified in the Ingenix / Lab Rx insurance database , which contains clinical encounter and drug prescription data . 
Four controls per case were randomly selected , matched on age and time in database . 
Odds ratios ( OR ) and 95% confidence intervals ( CI ) were estimated using conditional logistic regression . 
RESULTS : Breast cancer risk was inversely associated with both non-specific NSAID and selective COX-2 inhibitor use . 
Greater than 12 months' duration of use of Celecoxib at a standard dose ( 200mg / day ) was associated with a 16% decrease in breast cancer risk ( OR = 0 . 84 , 95% CI = 0 . 73 , 0 . 97 ) . 
We observed the greatest risk reduction in association with >2 years of rofecoxib exposure ( OR = 0 . 54 , 95% CI = 0 . 37 , 0 . 80 ) . 
Acetaminophen , a compound with less biological plausibility for chemoprevention , showed no significant association with the risk of developing breast cancer . 
CONCLUSION : Consistent with animal models and laboratory investigations , higher doses of selective COX-2 inhibitors were more protective against breast cancer than non-specific NSAIDs . 
With exposure to rofecoxib , a selective COX-2 inhibitor , breast cancer risk reduction was appreciable ( 46% ) , suggesting a possible role for selective COX-2 inhibitors in breast cancer prophylaxis . Biocatalytic production of alpha-hydroxy ketones and vicinal diols by yeast and human aldo-keto reductases . Immune-induced expression of lipocalin-2 in brain endothelial cells : relationship with interleukin-6 , cyclooxygenase-2 and the febrile response . Crosstalk of endothelin-1 and platelet-derived growth factor in cardiac allograft arteriosclerosis . Multiple conformations of phosphodiesterase-5 : implications for enzyme function and drug development . Differential interactions of heparin and heparan sulfate glycosaminoglycans with the selectins . 
Implications for the use of unfractionated and low molecular weight heparins as therapeutic agents . While putative disease-preventing lycopene metabolites are found in both tomato ( Solanum lycopersicum ) products and in their consumers , mammalian lycopene metabolism is poorly understood . 
Advances in tomato cell culturing techniques offer an economical tool for generation of highly-enriched ( 13 ) C-lycopene for human bioavailability and metabolism studies . 
To enhance the ( 13 ) C-enrichment and yields of labelled lycopene from the hp-1 tomato cell line , cultures were first grown in ( 13 ) C-glucose media for three serial batches and produced increasing proportions of uniformly labelled lycopene ( 14 . 3±1 . 2% , 39 . 6±0 . 5% , and 48 . 9±1 . 5% ) with consistent yields ( from 5 . 8 to 9mg / L ) . 
An optimised 9-day-long ( 13 ) C-loading and 18-day-long labelling strategy developed based on glucose utilisation and lycopene yields , yielded ( 13 ) C-lycopene with 93% ( 13 ) C isotopic purity , and 55% of isotopomers were uniformly labelled . 
Furthermore , an optimised acetone and hexane extraction led to a fourfold increase in lycopene recovery from cultures compared to a standard extraction . A potent Chk1 inhibitor is selectively cytotoxic in melanomas with high levels of replicative stress . Progesterone receptor induces bcl-x expression through intragenic binding sites favoring RNA polymerase II elongation . 2 , 3 , 7 , 8-Tetrachloro dibenzo-p-dioxin ( TCDD ) , an endocrine-disrupting environmental pollutant , has been found to cause male reproductive toxicity . 
Glucocorticoids have been found to influence the metabolic pathway of TCDD . 
Stress , which affects the male reproductive function , is marked by an increase in the level and activity of glucocorticoids in the body . 
The present study was carried out to understand the effect of TCDD on testicular steroidogenesis and sperm antioxidant system under the influence of increased level of corticosterone in the body . 
Adult male rats were treated with either TCDD ( 100 ng / kg bw / day ) or corticosterone ( 3 mg / kg bw / day ) or both for 15 days . 
Treatment with either TCDD or corticosterone was found to suppress the levels of steroidogenic acute regulatory protein and androgen-binding protein and reduce the activities of steroidogenic enzymes in testis while increasing oxidative stress in ventral prostate , seminal vesicles and epididymal sperm . 
In rats treated with both TCDD and corticosterone , the suppression of testicular steroidogenesis and increase in oxidative stress observed in ventral prostate , seminal vesicles and epididymal sperm were significant as compared to TCDD alone treated rats . 
The levels of Fas and FasL proteins were also increased in rats subjected to either TCDD or corticosterone treatment . 
In rats treated with both compounds , the increase observed in testicular levels of Fas and FasL was significant as compared to TCDD alone treated rats . 
Effect of TCDD on testicular steroidogenesis and antioxidant system of epididymal sperm may get enhanced under increased level of glucocorticoids in the body . BACKGROUND : Diethylcarbamazine ( DEC ) has been used for many years in the treatment of human lymphatic filariasis . 
Its mode of action is not well understood , but it is known to interact with the arachidonic acid pathway . 
Here we have investigated the contribution of the nitric oxide and cyclooxygenase ( COX ) pathways to the activity of DEC against B . 
malayi microfilariae in mice . 
METHODS : B . 
malayi microfilariae were injected intravenously into mice and parasitaemia was measured 24 hours later . 
DEC was then administered to BALB / c mice with and without pre-treatment with indomethacin or dexamethasone and the parasitaemia monitored . 
To investigate a role for inducible nitric oxide in DEC's activity , DEC and ivermectin were administered to microfilaraemic iNOS- / - mice and their background strain ( 129 / SV ) . 
Western blot analysis was used to determine any effect of DEC on the production of COX and inducible nitric-oxide synthase ( iNOS ) proteins . 
RESULTS : DEC administered alone to BALB / c mice resulted in a rapid and profound reduction in circulating microfilariae within five minutes of treatment . 
Microfilarial levels began to recover after 24 hours and returned to near pre-treatment levels two weeks later , suggesting that the sequestration of microfilariae occurs independently of parasite killing . 
Pre-treatment of animals with dexamethasone or indomethacin reduced DEC's efficacy by almost 90% or 56% , respectively , supporting a role for the arachidonic acid and cyclooxygenase pathways in vivo . 
Furthermore , experiments showed that treatment with DEC results in a reduction in the amount of COX-1 protein in peritoneal exudate cells . 
Additionally , in iNOS- / - mice infected with B . 
malayi microfilariae , DEC showed no activity , whereas the efficacy of another antifilarial drug , ivermectin , was unaffected . 
CONCLUSION : These results confirm the important role of the arachidonic acid metabolic pathway in DEC's mechanism of action in vivo and show that in addition to its effects on the 5-lipoxygenase pathway , it targets the cyclooxygenase pathway and COX-1 . 
Moreover , we show for the first time that inducible nitric oxide is essential for the rapid sequestration of microfilariae by DEC . In situ forming implants ( ISI ) prepared from biodegradable polymers such as poly ( D , L-lactide ) ( PLA ) and biocompatible solvents can be used to obtain sustained drug release after parenteral administration . 
The aim of this work was to study the effect of several biocompatible solvents with different physico-chemical properties on the release of ivermectin ( IVM ) , an antiparasitic BCS II drug , from in situ forming PLA-based implants . 
The solvents evaluated were N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone ( NMP ) , 2-pyrrolidone ( 2P ) , triacetine ( TA ) and benzyl benzoate ( BB ) . 
Hansen's solubility parameters of solvents were used to explain polymer / solvent interactions leading to different rheological behaviours . 
The stability of the polymer and drug in the solvents were also evaluated by size exclusion and high performance liquid chromatography , respectively . 
The two major factors determining the rate of IVM release from ISI were miscibility of the solvent with water and the viscosity of the polymer solutions . 
In general , the release rate increased with increasing water miscibility of the solvent and decreasing viscosity in the following order NMP>2P>TA>BB . 
Scanning electron microscopy revealed a relationship between the rate of IVM release and the surface porosity of the implants , release being higher as implant porosity increased . 
Finally , drug and polymer stability in the solvents followed the same trends , increasing when polymer-solvent affinities and water content in solvents decreased . 
IVM degradation was accelerated by the acid environment generated by the degradation of the polymer but the drug did not affect PLA stability . Positive Regulation of Insulin Signaling by Neuraminidase 1 . The present study is designed to decipher a clinical evidence and biochemical support for hepatoprotective and antidiabetic efficacy of Acacia auriculiformis by its bark and empty pods . 
Animal models with paracetamol intoxicated liver injury and alloxan induced diabetes were used in a 7 and 14days trial respectively . 
The interventions were tested at 200 and 400mg / kg b . 
w . 
for bark extract; 100 and 200mg / kg b . 
w . 
for empty pod extract . 
Both interventions restored the liver function markers ( alanine transaminase : ALT , aspartate transaminase : AST , alkaline phosphatase : ALP , total bilirubin and total protein ) and hepatic antioxidants ( superoxide dismutase : SOD , catalase : CAT , reduced glutathione : GSH and glutathione peroxidase : GPx ) to the normal levels than elevated levels noticed on paracetamol control at P<0 . 001 . 
Reversal of hepatoarchitecture has also been registered and the hepatoprotection is comparable to the reference drug silymarin . 
Similarly , substantial elevations of blood glucose , distorted lipid profile ( total cholesterol : TC , triglycerides : TGs , high density lipoprotein cholesterol : HDL-C and low density lipoprotein cholesterol : LDL-C ) and kidney function signs ( creatinine and urea ) have been refurbished to the desirable levels on par with the standard antidiabetic glibenclamide . 
The results signify the importance of bark and empty pod extracts of A . 
auriculiformis as good therapeutic candidates for liver injury and diabetes . OBJECTIVE Impaired insulin sensitivity increases the risk of cardiovascular disease . 
Although calorie restriction and weight loss increase insulin sensitivity , the effects of modifying macronutrient composition on insulin sensitivity are uncertain . 
The purpose of this study is to determine the effects on insulin sensitivity of a carbohydrate-rich diet ( CARB; similar to the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension [ DASH ] diet ) , a protein-rich diet ( PROT; protein predominantly from plant sources ) , and an unsaturated fat-rich diet ( UNSAT; predominantly monounsaturated ) . 
RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS This study was a randomized , controlled , three-period , crossover feeding study . 
The study participants were 164 individuals with prehypertension or stage 1 hypertension without diabetes . 
Diets were administered for 6 weeks each , with a washout period between diets of 2-4 weeks . 
Weight was held constant throughout the study . 
For our primary outcome , we calculated the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index ( QUICKI ) using the end-of-period fasting serum glucose and insulin . 
QUICKI is a validated measure of insulin sensitivity . 
The primary analyses used generalized estimating equations . 
RESULTS At baseline , mean ( SD ) BMI was 30 . 2 ( 6 . 1 ) kg / m ( 2 ) , and mean ( SD ) QUICKI was 0 . 35 ( 0 . 04 ) . 
The UNSAT diet increased QUICKI by 0 . 005 , more than the CARB diet ( P = 0 . 04 ) . 
PROT had no significant effect compared with CARB . 
CONCLUSIONS A diet that partially replaces carbohydrate with unsaturated fat may improve insulin sensitivity in a population at risk for cardiovascular disease . 
Given the well-recognized challenges of sustaining weight loss , our results suggest an alternative approach for improving insulin sensitivity . SIRT1 inhibits NADPH oxidase activation and protects endothelial function in the rat aorta : Implications for vascular aging . A human hemi-cornea model for eye irritation testing : quality control of production , reliability and predictive capacity . In vivo blockade of platelet ADP receptor P2Y12 reduces embolus and thrombus formation but not thrombus stability . Synergy between L-DOPA and a novel positive allosteric modulator of metabotropic glutamate receptor 4 : implications for Parkinson's disease treatment and dyskinesia . Comparison of the effects of eleven histamine H1-receptor antagonists on monoamine turnover in the mouse brain . Rosuvastatin , a new statin , has been shown to possess a number of advantageous pharmacological properties , including enhanced HMG-CoA reductase binding characteristics , relative hydrophilicity , and selective uptake into / activity in hepatic cells . 
Cytochrome p450 ( CYP ) metabolism of rosuvastatin appears to be minimal and is principally mediated by the 2C9 enzyme , with little involvement of 3A4; this finding is consistent with the absence of clinically significant pharmacokinetic drug-drug interactions between rosuvastatin and other drugs known to inhibit CYP enzymes . 
Dose-ranging studies in hypercholesterolemic patients demonstrated dose-dependent effects in reducing low-density lipoprotein cholesterol ( LDL-C ) ( up to 63% ) , total cholesterol , and apolipoprotein ( apo ) B across a 1- to 40-mg dose range and a significant 8 . 4% additional reduction in LDL-C , compared with atorvastatin , across the dose ranges of the two agents . 
Rosuvastatin has also been shown to be highly effective in reducing LDL-C , increasing high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ( HDL-C ) , and producing favorable modifications of other elements of the atherogenic lipid profile in a wide range of dyslipidemic patients . 
In patients with mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia , rosuvastatin has been shown to produce large decreases in LDL-C at starting doses , thus reducing the need for subsequent dose titration , and to allow greater percentages of patients to attain lipid goals , compared with available statins . 
The substantial LDL-C reductions and improvements in other lipid measures with rosuvastatin treatment should facilitate achievement of lipid goals and reduce the requirement for combination therapy in patients with severe hypercholesterolemia . 
In addition , rosuvastatin's effects in reducing triglycerides , triglyceride-containing lipoproteins , non-HDL-C , and LDL-C and increasing HDL-C in patients with mixed dyslipidemia or elevated triglycerides should be of considerable value in enabling achievement of LDL-C and non-HDL-C goals in the numerous patients with combined dyslipidemias or metabolic syndrome who require lipid-lowering therapy . 
Rosuvastatin is well tolerated alone , and in combination with fenofibrate , extended-release niacin , and cholestyramine , and has a safety profile similar to that of currently marketed statins . 
A large , long-term clinical trials program is under way to investigate the effects of rosuvastatin on atherosclerosis and cardiovascular morbidity and mortality . Molecular cloning and functional expression of the guinea pig alpha ( 1a ) -adrenoceptor . β-Cell lipotoxicity is thought to play an important role in the development of type 2 diabetes . 
However , no study has examined its role in type 1 diabetes , which could be clinically relevant for slow-onset type 1 diabetes . 
Reports of enhanced cytokine toxicity in fat-laden islets are consistent with the hypothesis that lipid and cytokine toxicity may be synergistic . 
Thus , β-cell lipotoxicity could be enhanced in models of autoimmune diabetes . 
To determine this , we examined the effects of prolonged free fatty acids elevation on β-cell secretory function in the prediabetic diabetes-prone BioBreeding ( dp-BB ) rat , its diabetes-resistant BioBreeding ( dr-BB ) control , and normal Wistar-Furth ( WF ) rats . 
Rats received a 48-h iv infusion of saline or Intralipid plus heparin ( IH ) ( to elevate free fatty acid levels ~2-fold ) followed by hyperglycemic clamp or islet secretion studies ex vivo . 
IH significantly decreased β-cell function , assessed both by the disposition index ( insulin secretion corrected for IH-induced insulin resistance ) and in isolated islets , in dp-BB , but not in dr-BB or WF , rats , and the effect of IH was inhibited by the antioxidant N-acetylcysteine . 
Furthermore , IH significantly increased islet cytokine mRNA and plasma cytokine levels ( monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 and IL-10 ) in dp-BB , but not in dr-BB or WF , rats . 
All dp-BB rats had mononuclear infiltration of islets , which was absent in dr-BB and WF rats . 
In conclusion , the presence of insulitis was permissive for IH-induced β-cell dysfunction in the BB rat , which suggests a link between β-cell lipotoxicity and islet inflammation . Mechanistic investigation of seeded growth in triblock copolymer stabilized gold nanoparticles . Elevation of renal interstitial hydrostatic pressure ( RIHP ) by direct renal interstitial volume expansion increases sodium excretion . 
This natriuretic response is blunted by the nonspecific inhibition of the cyclooxygenase ( COX ) enzymes . 
The present study tested the hypothesis that the natriuretic response to increased RIHP during direct renal interstitial volume expansion is dependent on COX-1 but not COX-2 . 
RIHP and fractional excretion of sodium ( FE ( Na ) ) were measured before and after direct renal interstitial volume expansion in control rats ( n = 7 ) , rats infused with the COX-1 inhibitor piroxicam ( n = 6 , 1 . 5 mg / kg ) , and rats infused with the COX-2 inhibitors NS-398 ( n = 5 , 1 . 5 mg / kg ) and meloxicam ( n = 6 , 0 . 3 mg / kg ) . 
In control animals , direct renal interstitial volume expansion significantly increased RIHP ( Delta2 . 3 + / -0 . 5 mm Hg , P<0 . 
05 ) and FE ( Na ) ( Delta1 . 1 + / -0 . 3% , P<0 . 05 ) . 
Likewise , in animals infused with NS-398 or meloxicam , direct renal interstitial volume expansion significantly increased RIHP ( Delta1 . 8 + / -0 . 6 mm Hg , P<0 . 05 , and Delta1 . 7 + / -0 . 3 mm Hg , P<0 . 05 ) and FE ( Na ) ( Delta1 . 5 + / -0 . 4% , P<0 . 
05 , and Delta1 . 1 + / -0 . 3% , P<0 . 05 ) , respectively . 
In contrast , infusion of piroxicam significantly blunted the natriuretic response to direct renal interstitial volume expansion ( DeltaFE ( Na ) 0 . 3 + / -0 . 
2% ) , even though RIHP was increased ( Delta1 . 9 + / -0 . 6 mm Hg , P<0 . 05 ) . 
Infusion of piroxicam but not NS-398 or meloxicam blunted the natriuretic response to increased renal interstitial hydrostatic pressure , suggesting that the natriuretic response to increased blood pressure may be preserved during inhibition of COX-2 . Prolonged pulmonary hypertension caused by platelet-activating factor and leukotriene C4 in the rat lung . State-dependent mibefradil block of Na + channels . This study examined the inward transport of l- [ ( 14 ) C ] alanine , an ASCT2 preferential substrate , in monolayers of immortalized renal proximal tubular epithelial ( PTE ) cells from Wistar-Kyoto ( WKY ) and spontaneously hypertensive ( SHR ) rats . 
The expression of ASCT2 in WKY and SHR PTE cells and kidney cortices from WKY and SHR was also evaluated . 
l- [ ( 14 ) C ] alanine uptake was highly dependent on extracellular Na ( + ) . 
Replacement of NaCl by LiCl or choline chloride abolished transport activity in SHR and WKY PTE cells . 
In the presence of the system L inhibitor BCH , Na ( + ) -dependent l-alanine uptake in WKY and SHR PTE cells was inhibited by alanine , serine , and cysteine , which is consistent with amino acid transport through ASCT2 . 
The saturable component of Na ( + ) -dependent l-alanine transport under V ( max ) conditions in SHR PTE cells was one-half of that in WKY PTE cells , with similar K ( m ) values . 
Differences in magnitude of Na ( + ) -dependent l-alanine uptake through ASCT2 between WKY and SHR PTE cells correlated positively with differences in ASCT2 protein expression , this being more abundant in WKY PTE cells . 
Abundance of ASCT2 transcript and protein in kidney cortices of SHR rats was also lower than that in normotensive WKY rats . 
In conclusion , immortalized SHR and WKY PTE cells take up l-alanine mainly through a high-affinity Na ( + ) -dependent amino acid transporter , with functional features of ASCT2 transport . 
The activity and expression of the ASCT2 transporter were considerably lower in the SHR cells . PURPOSE : Talampanel ( LY300164 ) , a potent and selective alpha-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionate ( AMPA ) -receptor antagonist , is a potential new antiepileptic drug ( AED ) . 
This study examines the single- and multiple-dose pharmacokinetics , safety , and tolerability of talampanel in patients with intractable epilepsy and assesses the potential for pharmacokinetic interaction . 
METHODS : Eleven of 14 patients entered into the study completed . 
Fourteen patients were evaluated for safety , 13 patients were used in the single-dose , and 11 patients in the multiple-dose pharmacokinetic analysis . 
Each patient initially received a single 35-mg dose of talampanel followed by the measurement of pharmacokinetic profiles . 
A 21-day t . 
i . 
d . 
dosing regimen was then determined for each patient based on his or her initial pharmacokinetic profile . 
Adverse events were recorded by patients or their carers . 
RESULTS : After oral ingestion , talampanel was rapidly absorbed , with maximal plasma concentrations achieved within 1-3 h . 
Talampanel concentrations in patients taking enzyme-inducing AEDs were 50% lower than those seen in healthy volunteers . 
Mean talampanel t1 / 2 values were 3 . 0 h compared with 4 . 2 h in healthy volunteers . 
After multiple-dose and steady-state , talampanel t1 / 2 values were increased to 5 . 6 h Talampanel and valproic acid ( VPA ) appear to inhibit each other's metabolism mutually . 
Talampanel had no effect on plasma concentrations of other AEDs . 
Multiple-dose talampanel administration was associated with nonlinear pharmacokinetics . 
No serious adverse events were reported; the most frequently reported being dizziness , ataxia , drowsiness , and headaches CONCLUSIONS : Talampanel dosing strategies may be reliant on concomitant AED medication , as enzyme-inducing AEDs enhance , whereas VPA inhibits its metabolism . 
Talampanel was well tolerated , although adverse events occurred at lower doses compared with those in healthy subjects , probably because of the additive effect of concomitant AEDs . Approximately 55 , 400 new cases of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma ( NHL ) are diagnosed each year , with the overall prevalence of the disease now estimated to be 243 , 000 . 
Until recently , treatment alternatives for advanced disease included chemotherapy with or without external beam radiation . 
Based on the results of several clinical trials , the chimeric monoclonal antibody Rituximab has now been approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration as a treatment for patients with relapsed or refractory , low-grade or follicular , B-cell NHL . 
Several other monoclonal antibodies in conjugated and unconjugated forms have been evaluated in the treatment of NHL . 
Ibritumomab , the murine counterpart to Rituximab , radiolabeled with 90Y ( Zevalin ) , is presently being evaluated in clinical trials . 
The success of radioimmunotherapy is dependent upon the appropriate choice of antibody , isotope , and chelator-linker . 
The Ibritumomab antibody targets the CD20 antigen . 
The antibody is covalently bound to the chelator-linker tiuxetan ( MX-DTPA ) , which tightly chelates the isotope 90Y . 
To date , two Phase I / II Zevalin clinical trials have been completed in patients with low-grade , intermediate-grade , and mantle cell NHL . 
The overall response rate was 64% in the first trial and 67% in the later trial . 
Phase II and III trials are ongoing . Schizophrenia is a highly complex disorder characterized by a diversity of symptoms , psychotic and nonpsychotic , that most likely arise from heterogeneous neuroanatomical and neurochemical malfunctions . 
As with all antipsychotic agents , ziprasidone targets the key hypothetical neurochemical disturbance in psychosis-excessive dopamine neurotransmission at dopamine D2 receptors in the mesolimbic pathway of the brain-presumably responsible for the positive symptoms of schizophrenia . 
Like other atypical antipsychotic agents , ziprasidone is a serotonin-2A ( 5-HT2A ) / dopamine D2 antagonist; however , its in vitro 5-HT2A / D2 receptor affinity ratio is higher than that of the other first-line atypical antipsychotic agents ( namely , risperidone , olanzapine , quetiapine , and aripiprazole ) . 
Ziprasidone also exhibits potent interaction with 5-HT2C , 5-HT1D , and 5-HT1A receptors in human brain tissue , characteristics that predict heightened negative symptom relief , enhanced modulation of mood , cognitive improvement , and reduced motor dysfunction . 
Ziprasidone has moderate affinity for serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake sites , predicting antidepressant / anxiolytic activity . 
On the other hand , ziprasidone's low affinity for alpha1-adrenoceptors , as well as histamine H1 and muscarinic M1 receptors , suggests that patients should experience relatively little orthostatic hypotension , sedation , cognitive disturbance , weight gain , or dysregulation of prolactin levels . 
Efficacy and tolerability data from trials to date indicate that ziprasidone's clinical activity is consistent with its receptor profile . Chemical genetic analyses of quantitative changes in Cdk1 activity during the human cell cycle . Rad9 , an evolutionarily conserved checkpoint gene with multiple functions for preserving genomic integrity , has been shown to play important roles in homologous recombination repair , base excision repair and mismatch repair . 
However , whether Rad9 has an impact on nucleotide excision repair remains unknown . 
Here we demonstrated that Rad9 was involved in nucleotide excision repair and loss of Rad9 led to defective removal of the UV-derived photoproduct 6-4PP ( 6 , 4 pyrimidine-pyrimidone ) and the BPDE ( anti-benzo ( a ) pyrene-trans-7 , 8-dihydrodiol-9 , 10-epoxide ) -DNA adducts in mammalian cells . 
We also demonstrated that Rad9 could co-localize with XPC in response to local UV irradiation . 
However , our data showed that Rad9 was not required for the photoproducts recognition step of nucleotide excision repair . 
Further investigation revealed that reduction of Rad9 reduced the UV-induced transcription of the genes of the nucleotide excision repair factors DDB2 , XPC , DDB1 and XPB and DDB2 protein levels in human cells . 
Interestingly , knockdown of one subunit of DNA damage recognition complex , hHR23B impaired Rad9-loading onto UV-damaged chromatin . 
Based on these results , we suggest that Rad9 plays an important role in nucleotide excision repair through mechanisms including maintaining DDB2 protein level in human cells . Adding ethylene glycol ( EG ) to poly ( 3 , 4-ethylenedioxythiophene ) : poly ( styrenesulfonate ) ( PEDOT : PSS ) solution improves the crystallinity of the PEDOT and the ordering of the PEDOT nanocrystals in solid films . 
The carrier-mobility enhancement is confirmed by using ion-gel transistors combined with in situ UV-vis-NIR spectroscopy . Long-term use of sildenafil . Influence of rare earth elements on metabolism and related enzyme activity and isozyme expression in Tetrastigma hemsleyanum cell suspension cultures . We cloned and functionally characterized the 5' regulatory region of the human sodium-dependent multivitamin transporter ( hSMVT ) gene , a remarkably versatile carrier responsible for uptake of biotin , pantothenic acid and lipoate . 
Two potential transcriptional start sites were determined by 5'-RACE and found to be at -4603 , and -4303 . 
Two distinct promoters ( P1 and P2 ) were identified . 
Both putative promoter sequences were TATA-less , CAAT-less , contained highly GC-rich sites , and had multiple putative regulatory cis-elements ( e . 
g . 
, AP1 , AP2 , C / EBP , SP1 , NF1 , and GATA ) . 
The activities of the putative promoters were confirmed using a firefly luciferase reporter gene assay system following transient transfection into three cultured human cell lines : Caco-2 , HEK293 , and vascular smooth muscle cells . 
The minimal region required for basal activity of the hSMVT promoter was also determined by generating a series of deletion constructs and found to be encoded by a sequence between -5846 to -5313 for P1 and between -4417 to -4244 for P2 relative to the translation initiation codon . 
These results demonstrate the first molecular characterization of the regulatory region of this important human gene . The properties of natural actomyosin ( NAM ) containing 2% or 8% fish protein hydrolysate ( FPH-2 , FPH-8 ) or 8% sucrose-sorbitol blend ( SuSo ) were compared to control NAM before and after freeze-thaw treatment . 
Surface hydrophobicity of control and FPH-2 increased after freeze-thaw treatment , while that of FPH-8 did not change , which may be related to greater thermostability of actin and myosin in FPH-8 as observed by differential scanning calorimetry . 
The cooked gel of freeze-thawed control had 39% expressible moisture after an 8 . 5% cook loss , whereas gels of freeze-thawed SuSo , FPH-2 and FPH-8 had significantly lower expressible moisture ( 15-22% ) and no cook loss . 
Gels of freeze-thawed FPH-2 and FPH-8 were similar to unfrozen control gel in hardness , cohesiveness and gumminess . 
This study demonstrates that FPH effectively stabilised NAM protein structure and function during freeze-thaw treatment . Wilms tumor is one of the most frequent neoplasias in children . 
Our previous microarray screening in a large series of Wilms tumors revealed several candidate genes that are deregulated in advanced tumors and are part of the retinoic acid signaling pathway . 
To investigate whether retinoic acid could be employed as a novel therapeutic agent in these tumors , we treated cultured Wilms tumor cells with different concentrations of all-trans retinoic acid ( ATRA ) and assessed gene expression changes by real-time RT-PCR as well as microarray analysis . 
Several genes like RARRES1 , RARRES3 , CTGF , CKS2 , CCNA2 , IGFBP3 , UBE2C , CCL2 or ITM2B that were previously found to be deregulated in advanced tumors exhibited opposite expression changes after ATRA treatment . 
In addition to enhanced retinoid signaling , the transforming growth factor-beta ( TGFbeta ) pathway was strongly activated by ATRA treatment of Wilms tumor cells . 
Both the retinoic acid and the TGFbeta pathway mediate inhibition of cell growth . 
These findings represent the first molecular evidence of a potential benefit from ATRA treatment in Wilms tumors . Thalidomide and the immunomodulatory drug , lenalidomide , are therapeutically active in hematological malignancies . 
The ubiquitously expressed E3 ligase protein cereblon ( CRBN ) has been identified as the primary teratogenic target of thalidomide . 
Our studies demonstrate that thalidomide , lenalidomide and another immunomodulatory drug , pomalidomide , bound endogenous CRBN and recombinant CRBN-DNA damage binding protein-1 ( DDB1 ) complexes . 
CRBN mediated antiproliferative activities of lenalidomide and pomalidomide in myeloma cells , as well as lenalidomide- and pomalidomide-induced cytokine production in T cells . 
Lenalidomide and pomalidomide inhibited autoubiquitination of CRBN in HEK293T cells expressing thalidomide-binding competent wild-type CRBN , but not thalidomide-binding defective CRBN ( YW / AA ) . 
Overexpression of CRBN wild-type protein , but not CRBN ( YW / AA ) mutant protein , in KMS12 myeloma cells , amplified pomalidomide-mediated reductions in c-myc and IRF4 expression and increases in p21 ( WAF-1 ) expression . 
Long-term selection for lenalidomide resistance in H929 myeloma cell lines was accompanied by a reduction in CRBN , while in DF15R myeloma cells resistant to both pomalidomide and lenalidomide , CRBN protein was undetectable . 
Our biophysical , biochemical and gene silencing studies show that CRBN is a proximate , therapeutically important molecular target of lenalidomide and pomalidomide . Histamine H1-receptor ( H1R ) antagonists , or antihistamines , often induce sedative side effects when used for the treatment of allergic disorders . 
This study compared the sedative profiles of the second-generation antihistamines , fexofenadine and cetirizine , using 3 different criteria : subjective sleepiness evaluated by the Stanford Sleepiness Scale , objective psychomotor tests ( simple and choice reaction time tests and visual discrimination tests at 4 different exposure durations ) , and measurement of histamine H1-receptor occupancy ( H1RO ) in the brain . 
Subjective sleepiness and psychomotor performance were measured in 20 healthy Japanese volunteers at baseline and 90 min after administration of fexofenadine 120 mg or cetirizine 20 mg in a double-blind , placebo-controlled crossover study . 
Hydroxyzine 30 mg was included as a positive control . 
H1RO was measured using positron emission tomography ( PET ) with ( 11 ) C-doxepin in 12 of the 20 subjects , and a further 11 volunteers were recruited to act as controls . 
In psychomotor tests , fexofenadine was not significantly different from placebo and significantly less impairing than cetirizine on some tasks , as well as significantly less impairing than hydroxyzine on all tasks . 
For subjective sleepiness , fexofenadine was not significantly different from placebo , whereas cetirizine showed a trend toward increased sleepiness compared with fexofenadine and placebo . 
H1RO was negligible with fexofenadine ( -0 . 1% ) but moderately high with cetirizine ( 26 . 0% ) . 
In conclusion , fexofenadine 120 mg is distinguishable from cetirizine 20 mg , as assessed by H1RO and psychomotor testing . Active Hexose Correlated Compound ( AHCC ) is an immunostimulatory nutritional supplement . 
AHCC effects and mechanism of action on intestinal epithelial cells or monocytes are poorly described . 
AHCC was added to the culture medium of intestinal epithelial cells ( IEC18 and HT29 cells ) and monocytes ( THP-1 cells ) and assessed the secretion of proinflammatory cytokines by ELISA . 
Inhibitors of NFκB and MAPKs were used to study signal transduction pathways while TLR4 and MyD88 were silenced in IEC18 cells using shRNA . 
It was found that AHCC induced GROα and MCP1 secretion in IEC18 and IL-8 in HT29 cells . 
These effects depended on NFκB activation , and partly on MAPKs activation and on the presence of MyD88 and TLR4 . 
In THP-1 cells AHCC evoked IL-8 , IL-1β and TNF-α secretion . 
The induction of IL-8 depended on JNK and NFκB activation . 
Therefore , AHCC exerts immunostimulatory effects on intestinal epithelial cells and monocytes involving TLR4 / MyD88 and NFκB / MAPK signal transduction pathways . A novel nickel ( II ) hexaaza macrocyclic complex , [ Ni ( L ( R , R ) ) ] ( ClO ( 4 ) ) ( 2 ) ( 1 ) , containing chiral pendant groups was synthesized by an efficient one-pot template condensation and characterized ( L ( R , R ) ═1 , 8-di ( ( R ) -α-methylnaphthyl ) -1 , 3 , 6 , 8 , 10 , 13-hexaazacyclotetradecane ) . 
The crystal structure of compound 1 was determined by single-crystal X-ray analysis . 
The complex was found to have a square-planar coordination environment for the nickel ( II ) ion . 
Open framework [ Ni ( L ( R , R ) ) ] ( 3 ) [ C ( 6 ) H ( 3 ) ( COO ) ( 3 ) ] ( 2 ) ( 2 ) was constructed from the self-assembly of compound 1 with deprotonated 1 , 3 , 5-benzenetricarboxylic acid , BTC ( 3- ) . 
Chiral discrimination of rac-1 , 1'-bi-2-naphthol and rac-2 , 2 , 2-trifluoro-1- ( 9-anthryl ) ethanol was performed to determine the chiral recognition ability of the chiral complex ( 1 ) and its self-assembled framework ( 2 ) . 
Binaphthol showed a good chiral discrimination on the framework ( 2 ) . 
The optimum experimental conditions for the chiral discrimination were examined by changing the weight ratio between the macrocyclic complex 1 or self-assembled framework 2 and racemates . 
The detailed synthetic procedures , spectroscopic data including single-crystal X-ray analysis , and the results of the chiral recognition for the compounds are described . A review of adjuvant hormonal therapy in breast cancer . Pemetrexed is a new-generation antifolate inhibitor of thymidylate synthase ( TS ) and a weaker inhibitor of glycinamide ribonucleotide transformylase ( GARFT ) required for de novo purine synthesis . 
Methylthioadenosine phosphorylase ( MTAP ) salvages purines by releasing adenine from methylthioadenosine and is often deleted in mesothelioma . 
The current study addresses the effect of MTAP on pemetrexed activity using a highly potent transition state inhibitor of MTAP , MT-DADMe-Immucillin A ( ImmA; K ( i ) = 86 pmol / L ) in the MTAP ( + ) NCI-H28 and MTAP ( - ) NCI-H2052 mesothelioma cell lines . 
Based on selective nucleoside protection , TS was found to be the primary pemetrexed target in both cell lines with GARFT inhibition requiring 20- to 30-fold higher pemetrexed concentrations . 
ImmA had no effect on pemetrexed activity but , when thymidine was added , the pemetrexed IC ( 50 ) decreased by a factor of approximately 3 in MTAP ( + ) H28 cells with no effect in MTAP ( - ) H2052 cells . 
Conversely , the transfection of MTAP into H2052 cells increased the pemetrexed IC ( 50 ) by nearly 3-fold but only in the presence of thymidine; this was reversed by ImmA . 
An MTAP-specific short interfering RNA produced a 2-fold decrease in pemetrexed IC ( 50 ) in MTAP ( + ) HeLa cells in the presence of thymidine . 
These data indicate that suppression of constitutive MTAP has no effect on pemetrexed activity when the primary target is TS . 
There is a modest salutary effect when the pemetrexed target is GARFT alone . The influence of sex , ethnicity , and CYP2B6 genotype on bupropion metabolism as an index of hepatic CYP2B6 activity in humans . BACKGROUND & AIMS : The critical role of cyclooxygenase ( COX ) products in maintenance of renal function in cirrhosis with ascites discourages the use of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs in this disease . 
The recent development of selective COX-2 inhibitors opens new avenues for the use of these compounds in decompensated cirrhosis . 
The current study evaluates the effects of a selective COX-2 inhibitor ( SC-236 ) on renal function in cirrhotic rats with ascites . 
METHODS : In protocol 1 , urine volume , urinary excretion of sodium and prostaglandins , glomerular filtration rate , and renal plasma flow were measured before and after administration of SC-236 ( n = 12 ) or ketorolac ( n = 10 ) to rats with cirrhosis . 
Protocol 2 was aimed at assessing the effects of COX inhibitors on renal water metabolism in 28 cirrhotic rats . 
RESULTS : Administration of SC-236 to cirrhotic animals did not produce significant renal effects , whereas administration of the nonselective COX-1 / COX-2 inhibitor , ketorolac , resulted in a marked reduction in urine volume , urinary excretion of prostaglandins , and glomerular filtration rate and in a significant impairment in renal water metabolism . 
CONCLUSIONS : These findings indicate that SC-236 does not significantly impair renal function in rats with cirrhosis . For many years , dietary arginine supplementation , often combined with other substances , has been used as a mechanism to boost the immune system . 
Considerable controversy , however , exists as to the benefits and indications of dietary arginine due in part to a poor understanding of the role played by this amino acid in maintaining immune function . 
Emerging knowledge promises to clear this controversy and allow for arginine's safe use . 
In myeloid cells , arginine is mainly metabolized either by inducible nitric oxide ( NO ) synthases ( iNOS ) or by arginase 1 , enzymes that are stimulated by T helper 1 or 2 cytokines , respectively . 
Thus , activation of iNOS or arginase ( or both ) reflects the type of inflammatory response in a specific disease process . 
Myeloid suppressor cells ( MSC ) expressing arginase have been described in trauma ( in both mice and humans ) , intra-abdominal sepsis , certain infections , and prominently , cancer . 
Myeloid cells expressing arginase have been shown to accumulate in patients with cancer . 
Arginase 1 expression is also detected in mononuclear cells after trauma or surgery . 
MSC efficiently deplete arginine and generate ornithine . 
Through arginine depletion , MSC may control NO production and regulate other arginine-dependent biological processes . 
Low circulating arginine has been documented in trauma and cancer , suggesting that MSC may exert a systemic effect and cause a state of arginine deficiency . 
Simultaneously , T lymphocytes depend on arginine for proliferation , zeta-chain peptide and T-cell receptor complex expression , and the development of memory . 
T-cells cocultured with MSC exhibit the molecular and functional effects associated with arginine deficiency . 
Not surprisingly , T-cell abnormalities , including decreased proliferation and loss of the zeta-chain , are observed in cancer and after trauma . Abnormal uterine bleeding and dysfunctional uterine bleeding in pediatric and adolescent gynecology . Effects of amino acid alterations in penicillin-binding proteins ( PBPs ) 1a , 2b , and 2x on PBP affinities of penicillin , ampicillin , amoxicillin , cefditoren , cefuroxime , cefprozil , and cefaclor in 18 clinical isolates of penicillin-susceptible , -intermediate , and -resistant pneumococci . The effects of chorioamnionitis and betamethasone on 11beta hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase types 1 and 2 and the glucocorticoid receptor in preterm human placenta . A new series of N2-substituted-5- ( p-toluenesulfonylamino ) phthalimide analogues as α-glucosidase inhibitors . Syntheses and evaluation of the antioxidant activity of novel methoxypsoralen derivatives . Escitalopram oxalate ( S-citalopram , Lexapro ) , a selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitor antidepressant which is the S-enantiomer of citalopram , is in clinical development worldwide for the treatment of depression and anxiety disorders . 
Preclinical studies demonstrate that the therapeutic activity of citalopram resides in the S-isomer and that escitalopram binds with high affinity to the human serotonin transporter . 
Conversely , R-citalopram is approximately 30-fold less potent than escitalopram at this transporter . 
Escitalopram has linear pharmacokinetics , so that plasma levels increase proportionately and predictably with increased doses and its half-life of 27 - 32 h is consistent with once-daily dosing . 
In addition , escitalopram has negligible effects on cytochrome P450 drug-metabolising enzymes in vitro , suggesting a low potential for drug-drug interactions . 
The efficacy of escitalopram in patients with major depressive disorder has been demonstrated in multiple short-term , placebo-controlled clinical trials , three of which included citalopram as an active control , as well as in a 36-week study evaluating efficacy in the prevention of depression relapse . 
In these studies , escitalopram was shown to have robust efficacy in the treatment of depression and associated symptoms of anxiety relative to placebo . 
Efficacy has also been shown in treating generalised anxiety disorder , panic disorder and social anxiety disorder . 
Results also suggest that , at comparable doses , escitalopram demonstrates clinically relevant and statistically significant superiority to placebo treatment earlier than citalopram . 
Analysis of the safety database shows a low rate of discontinuation due to adverse events , and there was no statistically significant difference between escitalopram 10 mg / day and placebo in the proportion of patients who discontinued treatment early because of adverse events . 
The most common adverse events associated with escitalopram which occurred at a rate greater than placebo include nausea , insomnia , ejaculation disorder , diarrhoea , dry mouth and somnolence . 
Only nausea occurred in > 10% of escitalopram-treated patients . The adenosine triphosphate-binding cassette A1 ( ABCA1 ) gene plays a key role in reverse cholesterol transport . 
Some ABCA1 gene polymorphisms have been associated with high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol ( HDL-C ) concentrations . 
The aim of this study was to assess the effect of three polymorphisms , C69T , G378C , and G1051A ( R219K ) , on HDL-C levels and their interaction with BMI in more than 5000 French whites from the D . 
E . 
S . 
I . 
R . 
( Data from an Epidemiological Study on the Insulin Resistance syndrome ) cohort study . 
The T allele of the C69T single nucleotide polymorphism ( SNP ) was associated with higher HDL-C levels in normal-weight men ( BMI <25 kg / m ( 2 ) ) . 
The C allele of the G378C SNP was associated with lower HDL-C in overweight subjects ( BMI > or = 25 kg / m ( 2 ) ) . 
For the G1051A SNP , in the normal-weight group , the minor A allele was significantly associated with higher HDL-C levels . 
In contrast , in overweight people , the minor allele was associated with lower HDL-C levels . 
After accounting for multiple testing , empiric p values remained significant for the associations between G378C SNP and HDL-C in the overweight group and between G1051A SNP and HDL-C in the normal-weight group . 
This study suggests that ABCA1 gene polymorphisms modulate HDL-C concentrations , in interaction with BMI , and , thus , they might influence cardiovascular risk in the general population . Analysis of the enhanced oral bioavailability of fenofibrate lipid formulations in fasted humans using an in vitro-in silico-in vivo approach . Screening for ( anti ) androgenic properties using a standard operation protocol based on the human stably transfected androgen sensitive PALM cell line . 
First steps towards validation . PHI : A powerful new program for the analysis of anisotropic monomeric and exchange-coupled polynuclear d- and f-block complexes . The house fly , Musca domestica L . 
, is an important hygienic pest of humans and dairy animals with the potential to develop resistance to most chemical classes of insecticides . 
Six adult house fly strains from dairy farms in Punjab , Pakistan were evaluated for resistance to selected insecticides from organochlorine , organophosphate , carbamate and pyrethroid classes . 
For a chlorocyclodiene and two organophosphates tested , the resistance ratios ( RR ) at LC50 were in the range of 5 . 60-22 . 02 fold for endosulfan , 7 . 66-23 . 24 fold for profenofos and 2 . 47-7 . 44 fold for chlorpyrifos . 
For two pyrethroids and one carbamate , the RR values at LC50 were 30 . 22-70 . 02 for cypermethrin , 5 . 73-18 . 31 for deltamethrin , and 4 . 39-15 . 50 for methomyl . 
This is the first report of resistance to different classes of insecticides in Pakistani dairy populations of house flies . 
Regular insecticide resistance monitoring programs on dairy farms are needed to prevent field control failures . 
Moreover , integrated approaches including the judicious use of insecticides are needed to delay the development of insecticide resistance in house flies . Effect of L-arginine-nitric oxide system on the metabolism of essential fatty acids in chemical-induced diabetes mellitus . BACKGROUND : As amifostine is rapidly metabolised by the membrane-bound and capillary alkaline phosphatase to the active metabolite WR-1065 , microvessel density in normal and cancer tissue may influence the therapeutic potential of the pro-drug WR-2721 . 
Thus , it is of interest how the administration of amifostine itself alters vascular density . 
MATERIALS AND METHOD : For this study fertilized eggs were used and 0 . 05 ml amifostine ( 25 . 7 micrograms ) was injected into the area vasculosa . 
As controls untreated area vasculosa were examined as well as eggs treated with 0 . 05 ml NaCl 0 . 9% , 48 hr after injection the vascular density was determined by histometrical methods . 
Applying the LAB method we performed immunohistochemical analysis of the proliferating cell nuclear antigen of endothelial cells . 
RESULTS : There was a significant ( p < 0 . 001 ) difference in vascular density with a mean microvessel count of 25 . 08 ( + / - 8 . 45 SD ) vascular intersections / mm2 in the untreated control , 30 . 40 ( + / - 12 . 84 SD ) in the NaCl control and 53 . 69 ( + / - 24 . 56 SD ) in the amifostine treated area . 
There was also a significant ( p < 0 . 001 ) difference in endothelial cell proliferation ( PCNA ) between untreated controls with a mean PCNA positivity of 14 . 05 ( + / - 5 . 28 SD ) and amifostine treated area vasculosa with a mean PCNA positivity of 32 . 22 ( + / - 18 . 14 SD ) . 
CONCLUSION : A single dose administration of 25 . 7 micrograms amifostine induces endothelial cell proliferation and subsequent neovascularisation in the area vasculosa of the fertilised egg . Using PET , reduced glucose metabolism ( rCMRglu ) and increased binding of the mu opiate receptor ligand 11C-carfentanil have been demonstrated in lateral temporal cortex overlying mesial temporal epileptic foci . 
Binding of the non-specific opiate receptor ligand 11C-diprenorphine ( DPN ) to lateral temporal cortex has not shown consistent asymmetries . 
We measured rCMRglu with 18F-FDG and binding of 11C-diprenorphine in two patients with temporal lobe epilepsy ( TLE ) before and 5 months after selective amygdalo-hippocampectomy ( both patients were seizure-free post-operatively ) . 
Pre-operatively , in both patients rCMRglu was decreased in mesial temporal lobe ( MTL ) ( asymmetry index AI = -9 . 1 and 9 . 0 ) ipsilateral to the EEG focus . 
A more marked reduction was seen in ipsilateral lateral temporal cortex ( LTC ) ( AI = -32 . 0 and 18 . 9 ) . 
DPN binding was reduced in MTL and LTC ( AI MTL = -9 . 3 and 16 . 2; AI LTC = -8 . 0 and 5 . 5 ) ipsilateral to the focus , but was within 2 SD of the normal range . 
Post-operatively , the reduction of rCMRglu in LTC was accentuated in one patient and decreased in the other ( AI = -23 . 1 and 45 . 7 ) while there was a further reduction of DPN binding in LTC in both patients ( AI = -27 . 8 and 9 . 8 ) . 
These preliminary results in only two patients are compatible with downregulation of opiate receptors in LTC after removal of the epileptic focus or post-operative neuronal dysfunction . Synthesis and anti-acetylcholinesterase properties of novel β- and γ-substituted alkoxy organophosphonates . Crambescins and crambescidins are two families of guanidine alkaloids from the marine sponge Crambe crambe . 
Although very little information about their biological effect has been reported , it is known that crambescidin 816 ( Cramb816 ) blocks calcium channels in a neuroblastoma X glioma cell line . 
Taking this into account , and the fact that ion channels are frequent targets for natural toxins , we examined the effect of Cramb816 and three compounds from the crambescin family , norcrambescin A2 ( NcrambA2 ) , crambescin A2 ( CrambA2 ) , and crambescin C1 ( CrambC1 ) , in the main voltage-dependent ion channels in neurons : sodium , potassium , and calcium channels . 
Electrophysiological recordings of voltage gated sodium , potassium , and calcium currents , in the presence of these guanidine alkaloids , were performed in cortical neurons from embryonic mice . 
Different effects were discovered : crambescins inhibited K ( + ) currents with the following potency : NcrambA2 > CrambC1 > CrambA2 , while Cramb816 lacked an effect . 
Only CrambC1 and Cramb816 partially blocked Na ( + ) total current . 
However , Cramb816 partially blocked Ca ( 2 + ) , while NcrambA2 did not . 
Since the blocking effect of Cramb816 on calcium currents has not been previously reported in detail , we further pharmacologically isolated the two main fractions of HVA Ca ( 2 + ) channels in neurons and investigated the Cramb816 effect on them . 
Here , we revealed that Cav1 or L-type calcium channels are the main target for Cramb816 . 
These two families of guanidine alkaloids clearly showed a structure-activity relationship with the crambescins acting on voltage-gated potassium channels , while Cramb816 blocks the voltage-gated calcium channel Cav1 with higher potency than nifedipine . 
The novel evidence that Cramb816 partially blocked Ca ( V ) and Na ( V ) channels in neurons suggests that this compound might be involved in decreasing the neurotransmitter release and synaptic transmission in the central nervous system . 
The findings presented here provide the first detailed approach on the different effects of crambescin and crambescidin compounds in voltage-gated sodium , potassium , and calcium channels in neurons and thus provide a basis for future studies . Absorption , distribution , metabolism , and excretion properties of two unformulated model siRNAs were determined using a single internal [ ( 3 ) H ] -radiolabeling procedure , where the full-length oligonucleotides were radiolabeled by Br / ( 3 ) H-exchange . 
Tissue distribution , excretion , and mass balance of radioactivity were investigated in male CD-1 mice , following a single intravenous administration of the [ ( 3 ) H ] -siRNAs , at a target dose level of 5 mg / kg . 
Quantitative whole-body autoradiography ( QWBA ) and liquid scintillation counting techniques were used to determine tissue distribution . 
Radiochromatogram profiles were determined in plasma , tissue extracts and urine . 
Metabolites were separated by liquid chromatography and identified by radiodetection and high-resolution accurate mass spectrometry . 
In general , there was little difference in the distribution of total radiolabeled components after administration of the two unformulated [ ( 3 ) H ] -siRNAs . 
The radioactivity was rapidly and widely distributed throughout the body , and remained detectable in all tissues investigated at later time points ( 24 and 48 hours for [ ( 3 ) H ] -MRP4 and [ ( 3 ) H ] -SSB siRNA , respectively ) . 
After an initial rapid decline , concentrations of total radiolabeled components in dried blood declined at a much slower rate . 
A nearly complete mass balance was obtained for the [ ( 3 ) H ] -SSB siRNA and renal excretion was the main route of elimination ( 38% ) . 
The metabolism of the two model siRNAs was rapid and extensive . 
Five minutes after administration , no parent compound could be detected in plasma . 
Instead , radiolabeled nucleosides resulting from nuclease hydrolysis were observed . 
In the metabolism profiles obtained from various tissues only radiolabeled nucleosides were found , suggesting that siRNAs are rapidly metabolized and that the distribution pattern of total radiolabeled components can be ascribed to small molecular weight metabolites . In this study , we investigated the role of intercellular adhesion molecule-2 ( ICAM2 ) in the testis . 
ICAM2 is a cell adhesion protein having important roles in cell migration , especially during inflammation when leukocytes cross the endothelium . 
Herein , we showed ICAM2 to be expressed by germ and Sertoli cells in the rat testis . 
When a monospecific antibody was used for immunolocalization experiments , ICAM2 was found to surround the heads of elongating / elongated spermatids in all stages of the seminiferous epithelial cycle . 
To determine whether ICAM2 is a constituent of apical ectoplasmic specialization ( ES ) , co-immunoprecipitation and dual immunofluorescence staining were performed . 
Interestingly , ICAM2 was found to associate with β1-integrin , nectin-3 , afadin , Src , proline-rich tyrosine kinase 2 , annexin II , and actin . 
Following CdCl₂ treatment , ICAM2 was found to be upregulated during restructuring of the seminiferous epithelium , with round spermatids becoming increasingly immunoreactive for ICAM2 by 6-16 h . 
Interestingly , there was a loss in the binding of ICAM2 to actin during CdCl₂-induced germ cell loss , suggesting that a loss of ICAM2-actin interactions might have facilitated junction restructuring . 
Taken collectively , these results illustrate that ICAM2 plays an important role in apical ES dynamics during spermatogenesis . Organic anion-transporting polypeptide 1B1 ( OATP1B1 ) is an important hepatic uptake transporter , of which the polymorphic variant OATP1B1*15 ( Asn130Asp and Val174Ala ) has been associated with decreased transport activity . 
Rosuvastatin is an OATP1B1 substrate and often concomitantly prescribed with oral antidiabetics in the clinic . 
The aim of this study was to investigate possible drug-drug interactions between these drugs at the level of OATP1B1 and OATP1B1*15 . 
We generated human embryonic kidney ( HEK ) 293 cells stably overexpressing OATP1B1 or OATP1B1*15 that showed similar protein expression levels of OATP1B1 and OATP1B1*15 at the cell membrane as measured by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry . 
In HEK-OATP1B1*15 cells , the V ( max ) for OATP1B1-mediated transport of E ( 2 ) 17β-G ( estradiol 17β-d-glucuronide ) was decreased >60% , whereas K ( m ) values ( Michaelis constant ) were comparable . 
Uptake of rosuvastatin in HEK-OATP1B1 cells ( K ( m ) 13 . 1 ± 0 . 43 μM ) was nearly absent in HEK-OATP1B1*15 cells . 
Interestingly , several oral antidiabetics ( glyburide , glimepiride , troglitazone , pioglitazone , glipizide , gliclazide , and tolbutamide ) , but not metformin , were identified as significant inhibitors of the OATP1B1-mediated transport of rosuvastatin . 
The IC ( 50 ) values for inhibition of E ( 2 ) 17β-G uptake were similar between OATP1B1 and OATP1B1*15 . 
In conclusion , these studies indicate that several oral antidiabetic drugs affect the OATP1B1-mediated uptake of rosuvastatin in vitro . 
The next step will be to translate these data to the clinical situation , as it remains to be established whether the studied oral antidiabetics indeed affect the clinical pharmacokinetic profile of rosuvastatin in patients . To characterize beta 1- and beta 2-adrenoceptor mediated effects in man the influence of the selective beta 1-adrenoceptor antagonist bisoprolol and the selective beta 2-adrenoceptor antagonist ICI 118 , 551 on changes in blood pressure , heart rate and lymphocyte beta 2-adrenoceptor density evoked by dynamic exercise or isoprenaline infusion was studied in 12 male normotensive volunteers . 
Bisoprolol administration ( 1 X 10 mg / day ) did not affect lymphocyte beta 2-adrenoceptor density , while ICI 118 , 551 ( 3 X 25 mg / day ) increased it by about 40% . 
Exercise as well as isoprenaline infusion caused 100% increases in lymphocyte beta 2-adrenoceptor density; these increases were completely abolished by ICI 118 , 551 , but not affected by bisoprolol . 
ICI 118 , 551 markedly attenuated isoprenaline-induced decrease in diastolic blood pressure , but did not affect increase in systolic blood pressure; on the contrary , bisoprolol inhibited the isoprenaline-evoked increase in systolic blood pressure , but did not affect the decrease in diastolic blood pressure . 
ICI 118 , 551 antagonized the isoprenaline-induced tachycardia much more potently than bisoprolol , while bisoprolol , but not ICI 118 , 551 , suppressed exercise-induced tachycardia . 
It is concluded that exercise-induced tachycardia is mediated by cardiac beta 1-adrenoceptor stimulation , whereas isoprenaline-induced tachycardia is mediated by both beta 1- and beta 2-adrenoceptor stimulation . Dopamine genes and pathological gambling in discordant sib-pairs . The neuropathological hallmarks of Alzheimer's disease ( AD ) and other taupathies include neurofibrillary tangles and plaques . 
Despite the fact that only 2-10% of AD cases are associated with genetic mutations , no nontransgenic or metabolic models have been generated to date . 
The findings of tryptophanyl-tRNA synthetase ( TrpRS ) in plaques of the AD brain were reported recently by the authors . 
Here it is shown that expression of cytoplasmic-TrpRS is inversely correlated with neurofibrillary degeneration , whereas a nonionic detergent-insoluble presumably aggregated TrpRS is simultaneously accumulated in human cells treated by tryptamine , a metabolic tryptophan analog that acts as a competitive inhibitor of TrpRS . 
TrpRSN- terminal peptide self-assembles in double-helical fibrils in vitro . 
Herein , tryptamine causes neuropathy characterized by motor and behavioral deficits , hippocampal neuronal loss , neurofibrillary tangles , amyloidosis , and glucose decrease in mice . 
Tryptamine induced the formation of helical fibrillary tangles in both hippocampal neurons and glia . 
Taken together with the authors' previous findings of tryptamine-induced nephrotoxicity and filamentous tangle formation in kidney cells , the authors' data indicates a general role of tryptamine in cell degeneration and loss . 
It is concluded that tryptamine as a component of a normal diet can induce neurodegeneration at the concentrations , which might be consumed along with food . 
Tryptophan-dependent tRNAtrp aminoacylation catalyzed by TrpRS can be inhibited by its substrate tryptophan at physiological concentrations was demonstrated . 
These findings indicate that the dietary supplementation with tryptophan as a tryptamine competitor may not counteract the deleterious influence of tryptamine . 
The pivotal role of TrpRS in protecting against neurodegeneration is suggested , providing an insight into the pathogenesis and a possible treatment of neurodegenerative diseases . The human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( HER2 , also known as erbB2 ) gene is involved in signal transduction for cell growth and differentiation . 
It is a cell surface receptor tyrosine kinase and a proto-oncogene . 
Overexpression of HER2 is of clinical relevance in breast cancer due to its prognostic value correlating elevated expression with worsening clinical outcome . 
At the same time , HER2 assessment is also of importance because successful anti-tumor treatment with Herceptin® is strongly correlated with HER2 overexpression in the tumor ( approximately 30% of all breast tumors overexpress HER2 ) . 
In a comprehensive national study , Wolff et al . 
[ 1 ] state that "Approximately 20% of current HER2 testing may be inaccurate" which underscores the importance of developing more accurate methods to determine HER2 status . 
Droplet Digital™ PCR ( ddPCR™ ) has the potential to improve upon HER2 measurements due to its ability to quantitate DNA and RNA targets with high precision and accuracy . 
Here we present a study which investigates whether ddPCR can be used to assess HER2 transcript levels in formalin-fixed paraffin embedded ( FFPE ) human breast tumors and whether these ddPCR measurements agree with prior assessments of these same samples by pathologists using immunohistochemistry ( IHC ) and in some cases fluorescence in situ hybridization ( FISH ) . 
We also determined the copy number of HER2 in these samples as compared to the CEP17 reference gene . 
Results : Clinical FFPE samples were successfully studied using ddPCR and compared to results from standard FISH and IHC methodology . 
The results demonstrate that ddPCR can rank order the samples in complete agreement with the current standard methods and that ddPCR has the added benefit of providing quantitative results , rather than relying on the expert skill of a seasoned pathologist for determination . Carvedilol selectively inhibits oscillatory intracellular calcium changes evoked by human alpha1D- and alpha1B-adrenergic receptors . PbS colloidal nanocrystals ( NCs ) are promising materials for optoelectronic devices , due to their size-tunable properties . 
However , there is still minimal understanding of their charge transport mechanism . 
Through a combination of ligand selections , ambipolar transistor structure optimization , and electrochemical gating usage , high carrier mobility is achieved . 
The outstanding device characteristics open possibility to investigate the intrinsic transport properties of PbS NCs . PCSK9 inhibition markedly augments the LDL lowering action of statins . 
The combination is being evaluated for long-term effects on atherosclerotic disease outcomes . 
However , effects of combined treatment on hepatic cholesterol and bile acid metabolism have not yet been reported . 
To study this , PCSK9-Y119X mutant ( knockout ) and wild type mice were treated ± atorvastatin for 12 wks . 
Atorvastatin progressively lowered plasma LDL in each group , but no differences in liver cholesterol , cholesterol ester , or total bile acid concentrations , or in plasma total bile acid levels were seen . 
In contrast , atorvastatin increased fecal total bile acids ( ~2-fold , P<0 . 01 ) and cholesterol concentrations ( ~3-fold , P<0 . 01 ) vs . 
controls for both PCSK9-Y119X and wild type mice . 
All 14 individual bile acids resolved by LC-MS , including primary , secondary , and conjugated species , reflected similar increases . 
Expression of key liver bile acid synthesis genes CYP7A1 and CYP8B1 were ~2 . 5-fold higher with atorvastatin in both strains , but mRNA for liver bile acid export and reuptake transporters and conjugating enzymes were not unaffected . 
The data suggest that hepatocyte cholesterol and bile acid homeostasis is maintained with combined PCSK9 and HMGCoA reductase inhibition through efficient liver enzymatic conversion of LDL-derived cholesterol into bile acids and excretion of both , with undisturbed enterohepatic recycling . Synthesis and biological evaluation of indenoisoquinolines that inhibit both tyrosyl-DNA phosphodiesterase I ( Tdp1 ) and topoisomerase I ( Top1 ) . Induction of estrogen receptor-alpha and -beta activities by synthetic progestins . This study provides the first attempt to analyse the influence of ammonium supplements on sugar-cane juice fermentation and the flavour profile in a cachaça industrial process . 
The objective was to find a relationship between higher alcohol / ester content and the transcription levels of the main genes involved in production of these compounds under cachaça fermentation . 
Sugar-cane juice with a low amount of assimilable nitrogen ( 81 mg N / L ) , was further supplemented with mid-range or high concentrations of ammonium sulfate . 
Overall , higher alcohol production was reduced by ammonium supplementation , and this can be correlated with a general downregulation of genes encoding decarboxylases and dehydrogenases of the Ehrlich pathway . 
The production of acetate esters was enhanced by mid-range ammonium supplementation and the production of acyl esters by high ammonium supplementation . 
The acyl esters could be correlated with expression of alcohol acyl-transferase EEB1 and the acyl esterase IAH1 . Synthesis of novel estrogen receptor antagonists using metal-catalyzed coupling reactions and characterization of their biological activity . Ligand binding specificities of the eight types and subtypes of the mouse prostanoid receptors expressed in Chinese hamster ovary cells . Dopamine ( DA ) receptor transmission through either D ( 1 ) or D ( 2 ) -like subtypes is involved critically in the processing of emotional information within the medial prefrontal cortex ( mPFC ) . 
However the functional role of specific DA D ( 1 ) -like receptor transmission in the expression of emotionally salient associative memories ( either aversive or rewarding ) is not currently understood . 
Here we demonstrate that specific activation of DA D ( 1 ) receptors in the prelimbic ( PLC ) division of the mPFC causes a transient block in the behavioral expression of both aversive and rewarding associative memories . 
We report that intra-PLC microinfusions of a selective D ( 1 ) receptor agonist block the spontaneous expression of an associative olfactory fear memory , without altering the stability of the original memory trace . 
Furthermore , using an unbiased place conditioning procedure ( CPP ) , intra-PLC D ( 1 ) receptor activation blocks the spontaneous expression of an associative morphine ( 5 mg / kg; i . 
p . 
) reward memory , while leaving morphine-primed memory expression intact . 
Interestingly , both intra-PLC D ( 1 ) -receptor mediated block of either fear-related or reward-related associative memories were dependent upon downstream cyclic-AMP ( cAMP ) signaling as both effects were rescued by co-administration of a cAMP signaling inhibitor . 
The blockade of both rewarding and aversive associative memories is mediated through a D ( 1 ) -specific signaling pathway , as neither forms of spontaneous memory expression were blocked by intra-PLC microinfusions of a D ( 2 ) -like receptor agonist . 
Our results demonstrate that the spontaneous expression of either rewarding or aversive emotionally salient memories shares a common , D ( 1 ) -receptor mediated substrate within the mPFC . Add-on therapy with the DPP-4 inhibitor sitagliptin improves glycemic control in insulin-treated Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . Arsenic geochemistry in a biostimulated aquifer : An aqueous speciation study . The demonstration by the National Surgical Adjuvant Breast Project ( NSABP ) that 5 years of tamoxifen therapy is associated with an approximate 50% reduction in breast cancer incidence in high-risk women was a milestone in breast cancer prevention . 
Because tamoxifen is associated with increased risk of side-effects such as hot flashes , menstrual abnormalities , uterine cancer , and thromboembolic phenomena , its use will not be advisable or acceptable for all high-risk women . 
Women over 50 years of age appear to be at highest risk for serious adverse events , such as uterine cancer and thromboembolic phenomena . 
Individuals in whom tamoxifen-associated breast cancer risk reduction appears to outweigh risk of serious side-effects include women with prior in situ or estrogen receptor ( ER ) -positive invasive cancer , atypical hyperplasia , and / or women ages 35-49 with a calculated Gail 5-year risk of > or = 1 . 7% , hysterectomized women aged 50 and older with a 5-year Gail risk of > or = 2 . 5% , and nonhysterectomized women aged 50 and older with a 5-year Gail risk of >5 . 0% . 
It is not yet clear whether tamoxifen can reduce breast cancer incidence in women with BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutations , although preliminary evidence favors benefit for at least those with a BRCA2 mutation . 
Raloxifene is a selective ER modulator with less uterine estrogen agonist activity than tamoxifen , and it is hoped that it will result in fewer uterine cancers but will be equally efficacious in reducing the risk of breast cancer . 
The NSABP is currently conducting a randomized study of tamoxifen versus raloxifene in high-risk postmenopausal women . 
Approximately one third of invasive cancers are ER negative . 
Tamoxifen does not reduce the incidence of ER-negative cancers , nor does it appear to be effective in preventing the appearance of one third of ER-positive cancers . 
Priorities in prevention research are to develop ( a ) biomarkers to refine short-term risk assessments based on epidemiologic models , ( b ) biomarkers predictive of response to specific classes of preventive agents , ( c ) drugs with fewer side-effects and / or effective in ER-negative or ER-positive tamoxifen-resistant precancerous disease , and ( d ) efficient clinical trial models to assess new agent efficacy . 
Breast intraepithelial neoplasia ( IEN ) may be sampled by minimally invasive techniques and is an attractive short-term risk biomarker . 
Molecular abnormalities observed in IEN may be used to select potential agents for testing / therapy , and modulation of these abnormalities may be used in phase I trials to select appropriate doses and in phase II trials to assess response . 
Breast density volume and certain serum markers such as insulin-like growth factor-1 are also being studied as potential risk and response biomarkers . 
Reversal or prevention of advanced IEN as well as modulation of other risk biomarkers in randomized phase II and phase III trials is being evaluated as a means of more efficiently evaluating prevention drugs in the future . 
A number of agents are being developed that target molecular abnormalities in IEN , have fewer or different side effects than tamoxifen , and may be effective in ER-negative or tamoxifen-resistant disease . Evolutionary changes in the fungal carbamoyl-phosphate synthetase small subunit gene and its associated upstream open reading frame . The structure-activity relationship of a series of dihydroisoquinoline BACE-1 inhibitors is described . 
Application of structure-based design to screening hit 1 yielded sub-micromolar inhibitors . 
Replacement of the carboxylic acid of 1 was guided by X-ray crystallography , which allowed the replacement of a key water-mediated hydrogen bond . 
This work culminated in compounds such as 31 , which possess good BACE-1 potency , excellent permeability and a low P-gp efflux ratio . Dienogest is a selective progesterone receptor agonist in transactivation analysis with potent oral endometrial activity due to its efficient pharmacokinetic profile . The chemopreventive effect of β-cryptoxanthin from mandarin on human stomach cells ( BGC-823 ) . The 2 , 2' , 4 , 4'-tetrabromodiphenyl ether hydroxylated metabolites 5-OH-BDE-47 and 6-OH-BDE-47 stimulate estradiol secretion in the ovary by activating aromatase expression . Inactivation of anoctamin-6 / Tmem16f , a regulator of phosphatidylserine scrambling in osteoblasts , leads to decreased mineral deposition in skeletal tissues . Effects of folic acid deficiency and MTHFR C677T polymorphism on spontaneous and radiation-induced micronuclei in human lymphocytes . BACKGROUND : Peripheral inflammatory pain is associated with an upregulation of spinal cord COX-2 ( cyclooxygenase-2 ) , with a subsequent increase in central prostaglandin E2 ( PGE2 ) levels associated with the development of hyperalgesia . 
In this study , we evaluated the effect of bupivacaine administered via a nerve block or via a systemic route on the spinal expression of PGE2 and COX in a model of peripheral inflammation in rats . 
METHODS : All rats randomly received three injections : 1 ) a left subcutaneous hindpaw injection ( 0 . 2 mL with either carrageenan 2% w / v or saline ) , 2 ) a left sciatic block ( 0 . 2 mL with either bupivacaine 0 . 5% or saline ) , and 3 ) a systemic injection ( subcutaneous interscapular with 0 . 2 mL with either bupivacaine 0 . 5% or saline ) . 
Local edema , thermal , and mechanical hyperalgesia as well as cerebrospinal fluid PGE2 concentration and COX-1 and COX-2 expression in the spinal cord in dorsal root ganglions were measured . 
RESULTS : We confirmed that a bupivacaine block attenuates hyperalgesia and local inflammation in a model of inflammatory pain . 
This effect was associated with an inhibition of the increase in COX-2 expression induced by peripheral inflammation in dorsal root ganglions and cord . 
The subsequent production of PGE2 in cerebrospinal fluid was also impaired . 
Systemic bupivacaine did not modify either the hyperalgesia and local inflammation or COX expression . 
CONCLUSION : These results constitute a key element strongly suggesting that local anesthetics act at a different level when administered systematically or via a nerve block . Vitamin E deficiency impairs the somatostatinergic receptor-effector system and leads to phosphotyrosine phosphatase overactivation and cell death in the rat hippocampus . BACKGROUND : A recent theory of anesthesia predicts that some endogenous compounds should have anesthetic properties . 
This theory raises the possibility that metabolites that are profoundly elevated in disease may also exert anesthetic effects . 
Because in pathophysiologic concentrations , ammonia reversibly impairs memory , consciousness , and responsiveness to noxious stimuli in a manner similar to anesthetics , we investigated whether ammonia had anesthetic properties . 
METHODS : The effect of ammonia was studied on alpha1beta2 and alpha1beta2gamma2s gamma-amino butyric acid type A , alpha1 glycine , and NR1 / NR2A N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors , and the two-pore domain potassium channel TRESK . 
Channels were expressed in Xenopus laevis oocytes and studied using two-electrode voltage clamping . 
The immobilizing effect of ammonia in rats was evaluated by determining the reduction in isoflurane minimum alveolar concentration produced by IV infusion of ammonium chloride . 
The olive oil-water partition coefficient was measured to determine whether free ammonia ( NH3 ) followed the Meyer-Overton relation . 
RESULTS : Ammonia positively modulated TRESK channels and glycine receptors . 
No effect was seen on alpha1beta2 and alpha1beta2gamma2s gamma-amino butyric acid type A receptors or NR1 / NR2A N-methyl-d-aspartate receptors . 
Ammonia reversibly decreased the requirement for isoflurane , with a calculated immobilizing EC50 of 1 . 6 + / - 0 . 1 mM NH4Cl . 
The Ostwald olive oil-water partition coefficient for NH3 was 0 . 018 . 
At a pH of 7 . 4 , and at the anesthetic EC50 , the NH3 concentration in bulk olive oil is 0 . 42 muM , approximately five orders of magnitude less than observed by anesthetics that follow the Meyer-Overton relation . 
CONCLUSIONS : These findings support the hypothesis that ammonia has anesthetic properties . 
Bulk oil concentration did not predict the potency of ammonia . The HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors are a class of drugs also known as statins . 
These drugs are effective and widely prescribed for the treatment of hypercholesterolemia and prevention of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality . 
Seven statins are currently available : atorvastatin , fluvastatin , lovastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin and simvastatin . 
Although these drugs are generally well tolerated , skeletal muscle abnormalities from myalgia to severe lethal rhabdomyolysis can occur . 
Factors that increase statin concentrations such as drug-drug interactions can increase the risk of these adverse events . 
Drug-drug interactions are dependent on statins' pharmacokinetic profile : simvastatin , lovastatin and atorvastatin are metabolized through cytochrome P450 ( CYP ) 3A , while the metabolism of the other statins is independent of this CYP . 
All statins are substrate of organic anion transporter polypeptide 1B1 , an uptake transporter expressed in hepatocyte membrane that may also explain some drug-drug interactions . 
Many HIV-infected patients have dyslipidemia and comorbidities that may require statin treatment . 
HIV-protease inhibitors ( HIV PIs ) are part of recommended antiretroviral treatment in combination with two reverse transcriptase inhibitors . 
All HIV PIs except nelfinavir are coadministered with a low dose of ritonavir , a potent CYP3A inhibitor to improve their pharmacokinetic properties . 
Cobicistat is a new potent CYP3A inhibitor that is combined with elvitegravir and will be combined with HIV-PIs in the future . 
The HCV-PIs boceprevir and telaprevir are both , to different extents , inhibitors of CYP3A . 
This review summarizes the pharmacokinetic properties of statins and PIs with emphasis on their metabolic pathways explaining clinically important drug-drug interactions . 
Simvastatin and lovastatin metabolized through CYP3A have the highest potency for drug-drug interaction with potent CYP3A inhibitors such as ritonavir- or cobicistat-boosted HIV-PI or the hepatitis C virus ( HCV ) PI , telaprevir or boceprevir , and therefore their coadministration is contraindicated . 
Atorvastatin is also a CYP3A substrate , but less potent drug-drug interactions have been reported with CYP3A inhibitors . 
Non-CYP3A-dependent statin concentrations are also affected although to a lesser extent when coadministered with HIV or HCV PIs , mainly through interaction with OATP1B1 , and treatment should start with the lowest available statin dose . 
Effectiveness and occurrence of adverse effects should be monitored at regular time intervals . Iron and diabetes risk . Higher farnesyl diphosphate synthase activity in human colorectal cancer inhibition of cellular apoptosis . IL-6 is a multi-functional cytokine that plays an important role in normal biologic homeostasis and disease pathogenesis . 
Retinoids are vitamin A analogs that regulate the function of a wide variety of inflammatory and structural cells . 
To further understand the biology of retinoids and IL-6 we determined whether all-trans-retinoic acid ( RA ) and other retinoids regulate lung fibroblast IL-6 production . 
RA did not stimulate fibroblast IL-6 production . 
Instead , it inhibited the production of IL-6 by IL-1-stimulated cells . 
This effect was dose-dependent with an IC50 of 10 ( -7 ) M RA and significant inhibition being noted with doses of RA as low as 10 ( -8 ) M . 
These inhibitory effects could not be explained by cytotoxicity or a shift in the kinetics of IL-6 production . 
They also did not appear to involve alterations in the early events in IL-1-induced IL-6 production , because RA inhibited IL-6 production even when added 6 h after IL-1 and RA did not inhibit IL-1 binding to cell surface IL-1 receptors . 
RA inhibition of IL-6 protein production was associated with a comparable decrease in IL-6 mRNA accumulation and gene transcription . 
13-cis-retinoic acid , retinol , retinaldehyde , all-trans etretin , Ro 13-6298 , and 9-cis retinoic acid also inhibited IL-1-induced IL-6 production . 
However , 4-hydroxyphenyl retinamide and etretinate did not share this property . 
The inhibitory effects of these analogues may be mediated by nuclear retinoic acid receptors as mRNA encoding RAR-alpha , RAR-gamma , and RXR-alpha were present , and RAR-beta was induced by RA in human lung fibroblasts . 
These studies demonstrate that RA and other retinoid analogs inhibit IL-1-induced IL-6 production and that this effect is analog-specific and , at least partially , transcriptionally mediated . There is a growing appreciation for the importance of glial cells to overall brain function . 
For decades , glial cells have been considered relatively passive supporters of nerve cell function , providing only structural and metabolic support to the communicating neurons . 
Now , rapidly emerging evidence demonstrates that glial cells are active participants in the processes of synaptic patterning and synaptic transmission . 
Like their neuronal neighbors residing in steroid sensitive brain regions , glial cells demonstrate a responsiveness to gonadal steroids that has been best characterized by physical changes in their morphology . 
However , because of their intimate relationship , the nature of neuronal-glial interactions has been challenging to study in vivo and until recently , the functional relevance of steroid-induced changes in glial morphology to neuroendocrine functions could only be implied from anatomical and in vitro studies . 
The advent of microarray technology offers the potential to uncover steroid regulation of glial-specific genes that may play a role in hormone-dependent neuronal-glial interactions . 
Our microarray analysis of the rodent hypothalamus has revealed that estradiol increases the expression of a number of glial-specific genes , including glutamine synthetase , an enzyme that inactivates glutamate through its conversion to glutamine . 
Given that glutamine is the predominant precursor for releasable pools of glutamate , our observation that estradiol increases glutamine synthetase gene and protein expression suggests that hormonal regulation of glutamate neurotransmission involves hormonally responsive glia . 
Thus , hormonally responsive glia may play a pivotal role in estradiol-mediated synaptic transmission underlying neuroendocrine function . Effects of DRD2 and CYP2D6 genotypes on delta EEG power response to aripiprazole in healthy male volunteers : a preliminary study . P21-activated protein kinase 1 ( Pak1 ) mediates the cross talk between insulin and β-catenin on proglucagon gene expression and its ablation affects glucose homeostasis in male C57BL / 6 mice . Crystal structures of glutamate synthase suggested that a conserved glutamyl residue of the synthase domain ( E1013 of Synechocystis sp . 
PCC 6803 ferredoxin-dependent glutamate synthase , FdGltS ) may play a key role in activating glutamine binding and hydrolysis and ammonia transfer to the synthase site in this amidotransferase , in response to the ligation and redox state of the synthase site . 
The E1013D , N , and A , variants of FdGltS were overproduced in Escherichia coli cells , purified , and characterized . 
The amino acyl substitutions had no effect on the reactivity of the synthase site nor on the interaction with ferredoxin . 
On the contrary , a dramatic decrease of activity was observed with the D ( approximately 100-fold ) , N and A ( approximately 10 , 000-fold ) variants , mainly due to an effect on the maximum velocity of the reaction . 
The E1013D variant showed coupling between glutamine hydrolysis at the glutaminase site and 2-oxoglutarate-dependent L-glutamate synthesis at the synthase site , but a sigmoid dependence of initial velocity on L-glutamine concentration . 
The E1013N variant exhibited hyperbolic kinetics , but the velocity of glutamine hydrolysis was twice that of glutamate synthesis from 2-oxoglutarate at the synthase site . 
These results are consistent with the proposed role of E1013 in signaling the presence of 2-oxoglutarate ( and reducing equivalents ) at the synthase site to the glutaminase site in order to activate it and to promote ammonia transfer to the synthase site through the ammonia tunnel . 
The sigmoid dependence of the initial velocity of the glutamate synthase reaction of the E1013D mutant on glutamine concentration provides evidence for a participation of glutamine in the activation of glutamate synthase during the catalytic cycle . We report an injectable hydrogel system that incorporates interferon-α2a ( IFN-α2a ) for liver cancer therapy . 
IFN-α2a was incorporated in hydrogels composed of hyaluronic acid-tyramine ( HA-Tyr ) conjugates through the oxidative coupling of Tyr moieties with hydrogen peroxide ( H2O2 ) and horseradish peroxidase ( HRP ) . 
IFN-α2a-incorporated HA-Tyr hydrogels of varying stiffness were formed by changing the H2O2 concentration . 
The incorporation of IFN-α2a did not affect the rheological properties of the hydrogels . 
The activity of IFN-α2a was furthermore well-maintained in the hydrogels with lower stiffness . 
Through the caspase-3 / 7 pathway in vitro , IFN-α2a released from HA-Tyr hydrogels inhibited the proliferation of liver cancer cells and induced apoptosis . 
In the study of the pharmacokinetics , a higher concentration of IFN-α2a was shown in the plasma of mice treated with IFN-α2a-incorporated hydrogels after 4h post injection , with a much higher amount of IFN-α2a delivered at the tumor tissue comparing to that of injecting an IFN-α2a solution . 
The tumor regression study revealed that IFN-α2a-incorporated HA-Tyr hydrogels effectively inhibited tumor growth , while the injection of an IFN-α2a solution did not demonstrate antitumor efficacy . 
Histological studies confirmed that tumor tissues in mice treated with IFN-α2a-incorporated HA-Tyr hydrogels showed lower cell density , with more apoptotic and less proliferating cells compared with tissues treated with an IFN-α2a solution . 
In addition , the IFN-α2a-incorporated hydrogel treatment greatly inhibited the angiogenesis of tumor tissues . Association of norepinephrine transporter gene with methylphenidate response . Hospitalized osteoporotic vertebral fracture increases the risk of stroke : a population-based cohort study . Cyclooxygenase isozymes ( COX-1 and COX-2 ) are found to be constitutively expressed in brain , with neuronal expression of COX-2 being rapidly induced after numerous insults , including cerebral ischemia . 
Because overactivation of N-methyl-D-aspartate ( NMDA ) receptors has been implicated in the cell loss associated with ischemia , we characterized the expression of the COX isozymes in murine mixed cortical cell cultures and used isozyme-selective inhibitors to determine their relative contribution to NMDA receptor-stimulated prostaglandin ( PG ) production and excitotoxic neuronal cell death . 
Immunocytochemical analysis of mixed cortical cell cultures revealed that COX-2 expression was restricted to neurons , whereas COX-1 was expressed in both neurons and astrocytes . 
Brief exposure to NMDA ( 5 min; 100 microM ) elicited a time-dependent accumulation of PGs in the culture medium that preceded neuronal cell death and correlated with the induction of COX-2 mRNA . 
COX-1 expression remained unchanged . 
Flurbiprofen , a nonselective COX-1 / COX-2 inhibitor , blocked NMDA-stimulated PG production and attenuated neuronal death in a concentration-dependent manner . 
Similar results were obtained with the specific COX-2 inhibitor NS-398 ( 10-30 microM ) but not with the selective COX-1 inhibitor valeryl salicylate ( 10-300 microM ) . 
Inhibition of total constitutive COX activity with aspirin ( 100 microM , 1 . 5 h ) before NMDA exposure did not prevent subsequent NMDA-mediated neuronal cell death . 
However , neuronal injury in aspirin-pretreated cultures was attenuated by flurbiprofen administration after NMDA exposure . 
Finally , the protection afforded by COX-2 inhibition was specific for NMDA because neither flurbiprofen nor NS-398 protected neurons against kainate-mediated neurotoxicity . 
Together , these results support the conclusion that newly synthesized COX-2 protein contributes to NMDA-induced neuronal injury . Hypertension and cardiac remodeling are associated with myocardial fibrosis , left ventricular ( LV ) hypertrophy , and diastolic heart failure . 
Fenofibrate suppresses aldosterone-mediated increases in myocyte matrix metalloproteinase activity and extracellular signal-regulated kinase phosphorylation . 
It is unknown whether the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha agonist , fenofibrate , improves cardiac remodeling in a model of aldosterone-induced hypertension and LV hypertrophy . 
Twelve-week-old uninephrectomized FVB mice received 1% NaCl drinking water . 
Miniosmotic pumps delivered saline or aldosterone for 4 weeks . 
Mice were either untreated ( n = 14 ) or treated with fenofibrate 100 mg / kg per day ( n = 12 ) for 1 week before and 4 weeks after surgery . 
Aldosterone increased systolic blood pressure in untreated mice versus saline-untreated mice ( 134 + / -3 versus 91 + / -3 mm Hg; P<0 . 01 ) . 
This was unaffected by fenofibrate ( 131 + / -3 mm Hg ) . 
Aldosterone increased LV end-diastolic and end-systolic dimensions , which were significantly attenuated by fenofibrate ( 3 . 8 + / -0 . 1 versus 3 . 5 + / -0 . 1 mm , and 1 . 5 + / -0 . 1 versus 1 . 15 + / -0 . 1 mm , respectively ) . 
Fenofibrate also decreased aldosterone-induced LV hypertrophy ( LV weight / body weight , 4 . 1 + / -0 . 2 versus 4 . 6 + / -0 . 1 mg / g ) and improved percent LV fractional shortening ( 67 + / -7% versus 60 + / -2% ) . 
Additionally , fenofibrate ameliorated the increased matrix metalloproteinase-2 / tissue inhibitors of metalloproteinase-2 ratio and fibrosis seen in aldosterone-untreated hearts ( P<0 . 05 for both ) . 
Furthermore , in aldosterone-untreated hearts , fenofibrate decreased transforming growth factor-beta , collagen type III ( P<0 . 05 for both ) , and collagen type I ( P<0 . 01 ) protein expression . 
Conversely fenofibrate increased peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha , peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma coactivator-1alpha expression , and acetyl coenzyme A carboxylase phosphorylation ( P<0 . 05 for all ) in aldosterone-infused hearts; uncoupling protein-3 and medium-chain acyl coenzyme A dehydrogenase protein expression decreased with fenofibrate ( P<0 . 05 and P<0 . 01 , respectively , versus aldosterone-infused ) , suggesting that improved myocardial remodeling is independent of fatty acid oxidation . 
Thus , fenofibrate improved aldosterone-induced LV hypertrophy independently of an effect on blood pressure with decreased fibrosis and altered extracellular matrix . Enzyme kinetic and molecular docking studies for the inhibitions of miltirone on major human cytochrome P450 isozymes . Discovery of acetyl-coenzyme A carboxylase 2 inhibitors : comparison of a fluorescence intensity-based phosphate assay and a fluorescence polarization-based ADP Assay for high-throughput screening . Brain-derived neurotrophic factor ( BDNF ) signaling via TrkB crucially regulates synaptic plasticity in the brain . 
Although BDNF is abundant at hippocampal mossy fiber ( MF ) synapses , which critically contribute to hippocampus dependent memory , its role in MF synaptic plasticity ( long-term potentiation , LTP ) remained largely unclear . 
Using field potential recordings in CA3 of adult heterozygous BDNF knockout ( ko , BDNF + / - ) mice we observed impaired ( ∼50% ) NMDAR-independent MF-LTP . 
In contrast to MF synapses , LTP at neighboring associative / commissural ( A / C ) fiber synapses remained unaffected . 
To exclude that impaired MF-LTP in BDNF + / - mice was due to developmental changes in response to chronically reduced BDNF levels , and to prove the importance of acute availability of BDNF in MF-LTP , we also tested effects of acute interference with BDNF / TrkB signaling . 
Inhibition of TrkB tyrosine kinase signaling with k252a , or with the selective BDNF scavenger TrkB-Fc , both inhibited MF-LTP to the same extent as observed in BDNF + / - mice . 
Basal synaptic transmission , short-term plasticity , and synaptic fatigue during LTP induction were not significantly altered by treatment with k252a or TrkB-Fc , or by chronic BDNF reduction in BDNF + / - mice . 
Since the acute interference with BDNF-signaling did not completely block MF-LTP , our results provide evidence that an additional mechanism besides BDNF induced TrkB signaling contributes to this type of LTP . 
Our results prove for the first time a mechanistic action of acute BDNF / TrkB signaling in presynaptic expression of MF-LTP in adult hippocampus . OBJECTIVES : Sepsis is a severe inflammatory disorder that may lead to multiple organ failure . 
Lipopolysaccharide ( LPS ) is associated with Gram-negative sepsis and can activate monocytes and macrophages to release pro-inflammatory mediators such as tumor necrosis factor-alpha ( TNF-alpha ) , nitric oxide ( NO ) and anti-inflammatory mediator such as interleukin-10 ( IL-10 ) . 
In this present study , we used fluvastatin , a HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor , to study its effects upon LPS-induced endotoxic shock in conscious rats . 
METHODS : The experiments were designed that rats received an intravenous injection of 1mg / kg fluvastatin followed 10min later , by an intravenous injection of 10mg / kg Klebsiella pneumoniae LPS , the latter inducing endotoxic shock amongst conscious rats . 
Subsequently , the levels of certain biochemical variables and cytokines in serum were then measured during the ensuing 48-h period following sepsis . 
These included total cholesterol ( TCH ) , triglyceride ( TG ) , blood urea nitrogen ( BUN ) , creatinine ( Cre ) , creatine phosphokinase ( CPK ) , lactic dehydrogenase ( LDH ) , aspartate transferase ( GOT ) , alanine transferase ( GPT ) , tumor necrosis factor-alpha , interleukin-10 and nitric oxide . 
RESULTS : LPS significantly increased blood TG , BUN , Cre , LDH , CPK , GOT , GPT , TNF-alpha , IL-10 and NO levels but decreased the blood TCH level . 
Pretreatment of test rats with fluvastatin decreased blood levels of certain markers of organ injury , suppressed the release of TNF-alpha and increased IL-10 , and NO levels following LPS treatment . 
Fluvastatin did not affect the blood TCH and TG level subsequent to the development of sepsis . 
CONCLUSIONS : Pre-treatment with fluvastatin suppresses the release of plasma TNF-alpha , increases plasma IL-10 , and NO production , and decreases the levels of markers of organ injury associated with endotoxic shock , so ameliorating LPS-induced organ damage amongst conscious rats . In January 2006 the Food and Drug Administration approved lubiprostone for the treatment of chronic constipation in men and women aged 18 and over . 
Lubiprostone is categorized as a prostone , a bicyclic fatty acid metabolite of prostaglandin E1 . 
Lubiprostone activates a specific chloride channel ( ClC-2 ) in the gastrointestinal ( GI ) tract to enhance intestinal fluid secretion , which increases GI transit and improves symptoms of constipation . 
This article reviews the role of chloride channels in the GI tract , describes the structure , function , and pharmacokinetics of lubiprostone , and discusses clinically important data on this new medication . Melatonin is an indole hormone produced mainly by the pineal gland . 
We have previously demonstrated that melatonin interferes with estrogen ( E ( 2 ) ) signaling in MCF7 cells by impairing estrogen receptor ( ER ) pathways . 
Here we present the characterization of its mechanism of action showing that melatonin is a specific inhibitor of E ( 2 ) -induced ERalpha-mediated transcription in both estrogen response element- and AP1-containing promoters , whereas ERbeta-mediated transactivation is not inhibited or even activated at certain promoters . 
We show that the sensitivity of MCF-7 cells to melatonin depends on the ERalpha / ERbeta ratio , and ectopic expression of ERbeta results in MCF-7 cells becoming insensitive to this hormone . 
Melatonin acts as a calmodulin antagonist inducing conformational changes in the ERalpha-calmodulin ( CaM ) complex , thus impairing the binding of E ( 2 ) . 
ERalpha . 
CaM complex to DNA and , therefore , preventing ERalpha-dependent transcription . 
Moreover the mutant ERalpha ( K302G , K303G ) , unable to bind calmodulin , becomes insensitive to melatonin . 
The effect of melatonin is specific since other related indoles neither interact with CaM nor inhibit ERalpha-mediated transactivation . 
Interestingly , melatonin does not affect the binding of coactivators to ERalpha , indicating that melatonin action is different from that of current therapeutic anti-estrogens used in breast cancer therapy . 
Thus , they target ERalpha at different levels , representing two independent ways to control ERalpha activity . 
It is , therefore , conceivably a synergistic pharmacological effect of melatonin and current anti-estrogen drugs . This article will review the clinical development of ibritumomab tiuxetan , a yttrium-90-conjugated monoclonal antibody to CD20 , for patients with relapsed B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphomas . 
Ibritumomab is the murine parent anti-CD20 antibody that was engineered to make the human chimeric antibody rituximab . 
Tiuxetan is an MX-DTPA chelator that is linked to ibritumomab to form ibritumomab tiuxetan . 
Since yttrium-90 ( ( 90 ) Y ) is a pure beta emitter and cannot be used for patient imaging , indium-111 ( ( 111 ) In ) is chelated to ibritumomab tiuxetan for tumor and normal organ imaging in clinical practice and for dosimetry in clinical trials . 
( 90 ) Y-ibritumomab tiuxetan is the form used for therapy . 
This review discusses the clinical trials that have demonstrated the efficacy of ibritumomab tiuxetan and summarizes the safety data in patients with relapsed B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphomas . 
Two phase I trials of ( 90 ) Y-ibritumomab tiuxetan were conducted to establish the toxicity profile and the maximum tolerated single dose that could be administered to outpatients without the use of stem cells or prophylactic growth factors . 
In the first trial , cold ibritumomab was used prior to ibritumomab tiuxetan; the second trial used the human chimeric antibody rituximab . 
The phase I trials determined that in patients with a platelet count of greater than or equal to 150 x 10 ( 9 ) / l , a schedule of intravenous rituximab 250 mg / m ( 2 ) on days 1 and 8 , and 0 . 4 mCi / kg of intravenous ( 90 ) Y-ibritumomab tiuxetan on day 8 was safe and efficacious and did not require stem cells . 
A dose of 0 . 3 mCi / kg was recommended for patients with a baseline platelet count of 100 , 000- 149 , 000 x 10 ( 6 ) / l . 
Adverse events were primarily hematologic , and nonhematologic adverse events were primarily due to rituximab . 
There was no normal organ toxicity . 
The overall response rate was 67% for all patients and 82% in patients with low-grade non-Hodgkin's lymphomas . 
A subsequent phase III trial randomized 143 eligible patients to either rituximab or ibritumomab tiuxetan . 
The aim was to demonstrate that the addition of the yttrium-90 radioisotope to the antibody provided additional efficacy over the unconjugated ( "cold" ) rituximab alone . 
The results of this study showed an overall response rate of 80% with ( 90 ) Y-ibritumomab tiuxetan versus 56% for rituximab ( p = 0 . 002 ) . 
An additional trial enrolled 54 patients who were nonresponsive or refractory to rituximab and treated the patients with a single dose of 0 . 4 mCi / kg ( 90 ) Y-ibritumomab tiuxetan . 
An overall response rate of 74% was found in these rituximab-refractory patients . 
These data provide further evidence of the added value of the yttrium-90 . 
Finally , a fifth trial treated 30 patients with mild thrombocytopenia using 0 . 3 mCi / kg ( 90 ) Y-ibritumomab tiuxetan and found an overall response rate of 83% . 
( 90 ) Y-ibritumomab tiuxetan radioimmunotherapy is a new treatment modality for patients with relapsed B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma . 
The advantages of this therapy are that it utilizes targeted radiation in a single-dose , outpatient schedule that is well tolerated and accepted by the patient . 
Future trials will build on these results and determine at what point in the disease course this modality can best be utilized to maximize the benefits to the patient . Sparstolonin B suppresses lipopolysaccharide-induced inflammation in human umbilical vein endothelial cells . Role of dehydropeptidase-I in the metabolism of glutathione and its conjugates in the rat kidney . DNA polymerases as targets of anticancer nucleosides . Using whole mount in situ hybridization to examine thyroid hormone deiodinase expression in embryonic and larval zebrafish : A tool for examining OH-BDE toxicity to early life stages . Decreased histamine H1 receptor binding in the brain of depressed patients . Antifungal Azoles : Structural Insights into Undesired Tight Binding to Cholesterol-Metabolizing CYP46A1 . BACKGROUND : Prior investigations have demonstrated that beta ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor stimulation is ineffective in inhibiting synthesis of eicosanoids in human eosinophils . 
This effect has been postulated to relate to density or structural differences in the beta ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor or its coupled G-protein . 
However , recent reports indicate that cAMP-specific PDE4 activity in eosinophils is 10-fold that of other inflammatory cells . 
We postulated that selective blockade of PDE4 in eosinophils would unmask the inhibitory effect of beta ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor stimulation and that this inhibition would result from decreased phosphor-ylation of cytosolic group IV-PLA ( 2 ) ( gIV-PLA ( 2 ) ) . 
OBJECTIVE : To determine ( a ) whether PDE4 inhibition alone with rolipram blocked secretions of arachidonic acid ( AA ) and leukotriene C ( 4 ) ( LTC ( 4 ) ) caused by activation of eosinophils with formyl-met-leu-phe plus cytochalasin B ( FMLP / B ) , ( b ) to determine if PDE4 inhibition plus beta ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor agonist act additively to augment endogenous cAMP concentration , and ( c ) to determine the mechanism by which additive inhibition of AA and LTC ( 4 ) synthesis is regulated by cAMP . 
METHODS : Human eosinophils were pretreated with buffer , salmeterol or rolipram ( singly or combination ) before FMLP / B activation . 
Release of AA and LTC ( 4 ) , intracellular cAMP concentration , and phosphorylation and activation of gIV-PLA ( 2 ) were determined . 
RESULTS : Rolipram unmasked the inhibitory effect of beta ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor stimulation with salmeterol and significantly attenuated the stimulated release of AA and subsequent LTC ( 4 ) . 
Inhibition corresponded to increased cAMP production caused by rolipram alone or rolipram plus salmeterol and blocked proportionately the phosphorylation and activation of gIV-PLA ( 2 ) in FMLP / B-activated eosinophils . 
CONCLUSIONS : Inhibition of PDE4 by rolipram unmasks beta ( 2 ) -adrenergic blockade of LTC ( 4 ) synthesis caused by FMLP / B . 1 . 
The 2 , 3-benzodiazepines GYKI 52466 , GYKI 53405 and GYKI 53655 antagonized AMPA-induced currents in cultured superior colliculus neurones in a non use-dependent manner ( steady state IC50s : GYKI 52466 9 . 8 + / - 0 . 6 microM; GYKI 53405 3 . 1 + / - 0 . 6 microM; GYKI 53655 0 . 8 + / - 0 . 1 microM ) . 
2 . 
Higher concentrations of all three antagonists slowed the onset kinetics and quickened the offset kinetics of AMPA-induced currents indicative of an allosteric interaction with the AMPA recognition site . 
3 . 
Cyclothiazide ( 3-300 microM ) dramatically slowed desensitization of AMPA-induced currents and potentiated steady state currents ( EC50 10 . 0 + / - 2 . 5 microM ) to a much greater degree than peak currents . 
Both tau on and tau off were also increased by cyclothiazide in a concentration-dependent manner ( EC50 : tau on 42 . 1 + / - 4 . 5 microM; tau off 31 . 6 + / - 6 . 6 microM ) . 
4 . 
Cyclothiazide ( 10-100 microM ) shifted the concentration-response curves of the 2 , 3-benzodiazepines to the right . 
For example , with 10 microM cyclothiazide the IC50s of GYKI 52466 and GYKI 53405 on steady-state AMPA-induced currents were 57 . 9 + / - 9 . 5 and 41 . 6 + / - 1 . 5 microM , respectively . 
5 . 
GYKI 53405 and GYKI 52466 concentration-dependently reversed the effects of cyclothiazide ( 100 microM ) on offset kinetics ( GYKI 53405 IC50 16 . 6 + / - 4 . 2 microM ) . 
However , the 2 , 3-benzodiazepines were unable to reintroduce desensitization in the presence of cyclothiazide and even concentration-dependently slowed the onset kinetics of AMPA responses further ( GYKI 53405 EC50 8 . 0 + / - 2 . 8 microM ) . 
6 . 
GYKI 52466 decreased the peak amplitude of hippocampal area CA1 AMPA receptor-mediated excitatory postsynaptic currents ( e . 
p . 
s . 
cs ) ( IC50 10 . 8 + / - 0 . 8 microM ) with no apparent effect on response kinetics . 
Cyclothiazide prolonged the decay time constant of AMPA receptor-mediated e . 
p . 
s . 
cs ( EC50 35 . 7 + / - 6 . 5 microM ) with less pronounced effects in slowing e . 
p . 
s . 
c . 
onset kinetics and increasing e . 
p . 
s . 
c . 
amplitude . 
7 . 
Cyclothiazide ( 330 microM ) shifted the concentration-response curve for the effects of GYKI 52466 on AMPA receptor-mediated e . 
p . 
s . 
c . 
peak amplitude to the right ( GYKI 52466 IC50 26 . 9 + / - 9 . 4 microM ) . 
Likewise , GYKI 52466 ( 30-100 microM ) ) shifted the concentration-response curve for the effects of cyclothiazide on AMPA receptor-mediated e . 
p . 
s . 
c . 
decay time constants to the right . 
8 . 
In conclusion , cyclothiazide and the 2 , 3-benzodiazepines seem to bind to different sites on AMPA receptors but exert strong allosteric interactions with one another and with other domains such as the agonist recognition site . 
The interactions of GYKI 52466 and cyclothiazide on AMPA receptor-mediated e . 
p . 
s . 
cs in area CA1 of hippocampal slices provide evidence that the decay time constant of these synaptic events are not governed by desensitization . Comparison of monoamine oxidase-A inhibition by moclobemide in vitro and ex vivo in rats . Protective effects of protein transduction domain-metallothionein fusion proteins against hypoxia- and oxidative stress-induced apoptosis in an ischemia / reperfusion rat model . Neurotrophin 3 ( NTF3 ) has been studied in relation to the pathophysiology of attention-deficit / hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) and mood disorders as well as psychostimulant action . 
We hypothesized that the risk of an emotional side effect to methylphenidate ( MPH ) treatment may be associated with NTF3 genotypes . 
Ninety-six medication-naïve children with ADHD ( mean age 8 . 70 , standard deviation 1 . 41 years , 79 males ) were genotyped and treated with MPH . 
At baseline , which was prior to MPH treatment , and after two weeks of medication , investigators asked children and their parents or caregivers about adverse events using a symptom rating scale . 
ADHD subjects with the A / A genotype at the NTF3 rs6332 polymorphism showed the highest 'Emotionality' and 'Over-focus / euphoria' factor scores , followed by those with the G / A genotype and those with the G / G genotype ( p = 0 . 042 and p = 0 . 045 , respectively ) . 
ADHD subjects with the A / A genotype at the NTF3 rs6332 polymorphism showed the highest 'Proneness to crying' and 'Nail biting' item scores , followed by those with the G / A genotype and those with the G / G genotype ( p = 0 . 047 and p = 0 . 017 , respectively ) . 
These data provide preliminary evidence that genetic variation in the NTF3 gene is related to susceptibility to emotional side effects in response to MPH treatment in Korean children with ADHD . Drug metabolism and transport during pregnancy : how does drug disposition change during pregnancy and what are the mechanisms that cause such Evaluation of the pharmacological selectivity profile of alpha 1 adrenoceptor antagonists at prostatic alpha 1 adrenoceptors : binding , functional and in vivo studies . OBJECTIVEFactors associated with increasing maternal triglyceride concentrations in late pregnancy include gestational age , obesity , preeclampsia , and altered glucose metabolism . 
In a subgroup of women in the Metformin in Gestational Diabetes ( MiG ) trial , maternal plasma triglycerides increased more between enrollment ( 30 weeks ) and 36 weeks in those treated with metformin compared with insulin . 
The aim of this study was to explain this finding by examining factors potentially related to triglycerides in these women . 
RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODSOf the 733 women randomized to metformin or insulin in the MiG trial , 432 ( 219 metformin and 213 insulin ) had fasting plasma triglycerides measured at enrollment and at 36 weeks . 
Factors associated with maternal triglycerides were assessed using general linear modeling . 
RESULTSMean plasma triglyceride concentrations were 2 . 43 ( 95% CI 2 . 35-2 . 51 ) mmol / L at enrollment . 
Triglycerides were higher at 36 weeks in women randomized to metformin ( 2 . 94 [ 2 . 80-3 . 08 ] mmol / L; + 23 . 13% [ 18 . 72-27 . 53% ] ) than insulin ( 2 . 65 [ 2 . 54-2 . 77 ] mmol / L , P = 0 . 002; + 14 . 36% [ 10 . 91-17 . 82% ] , P = 0 . 002 ) . 
At 36 weeks , triglycerides were associated with HbA1c ( P = 0 . 03 ) , ethnicity ( P = 0 . 001 ) , and treatment allocation ( P = 0 . 005 ) . 
In insulin-treated women , 36-week triglycerides were associated with 36-week HbA1c ( P = 0 . 02 ) , and in metformin-treated women , they were related to ethnicity . 
CONCLUSIONSAt 36 weeks , maternal triglycerides were related to glucose control in women treated with insulin and ethnicity in women treated with metformin . 
Whether there are ethnicity-related dietary changes or differences in metformin response that alter the relationship between glucose control and triglycerides requires further study . Quercetin ( 1 ) is an anti-inflammatory and antioxidant flavonoid . 
However , the oral administration of 1 did not lead to beneficial effects in experimental animal colitis models , which involve cytokines and oxidative stress . 
A possible explanation is that the absorption profile of 1 prevents its activity . 
Therefore , it was reasoned that the controlled release of 1 would improve its therapeutic effect . 
Thus , the therapeutic effect and mechanisms of 1-loaded microcapsules in acetic acid-induced colitis in mice were evaluated . 
Microcapsules were prepared using pectin / casein polymer and 1 . 
The oral administration of 1-loaded microcapsules decreased neutrophil recruitment , attenuated histological alterations , and reduced macroscopical damage , edema , and IL-1β and IL-33 production in the colon samples . 
Microcapsules loaded with 1 also prevented the reduction of anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-10 and the antioxidant capacity of the colon . 
These preclinical data indicate that pectin / casein polymer microcapsules loaded with 1 improved the anti-inflammatory and antioxidant effects of 1 compared to the nonencapsulated drug . 
Therefore , quercetin seems to be a promising active molecule in inflammatory bowel disease if provided with adequate controlled release . One-Hour Glucose During an Oral Glucose Challenge Prospectively Predicts β-Cell Deterioration and Prediabetes in Obese Hispanic Youth . Abstract Context : Near-Infrared ( NIR ) spectroscopy is an important component of a Process Analytical Technology ( PAT ) toolbox and is a key technology for enabling the rapid analysis of pharmaceutical tablets . 
Objective : The aim of this research work was to develop and validate NIR-chemometric methods not only for the determination of active pharmaceutical ingredients content but also pharmaceutical properties ( crushing strength , disintegration time ) of meloxicam tablets . 
Materials and methods : The development of the method for active content assay was performed on samples corresponding to 80% , 90% , 100% , 110% and 120% of meloxicam content and the development of the methods for pharmaceutical characterization was performed on samples prepared at seven different compression forces ( ranging from 7 to 45 kN ) using NIR transmission spectra of intact tablets and PLS as a regression method . 
Results : The results show that the developed methods have good trueness , precision and accuracy and are appropriate for direct active content assay in tablets ( ranging from 12 to 18 mg / tablet ) and also for predicting crushing strength and disintegration time of intact meloxicam tablets . 
Discussion : The comparative data show that the proposed methods are in good agreement with the reference methods currently used for the characterization of meloxicam tablets ( HPLC-UV methods for the assay and European Pharmacopeia methods for determining the crushing strength and disintegration time ) . 
Conclusion : The results show the possibility to predict both chemical properties ( active content ) and physical / pharmaceutical properties ( crushing strength and disintegration time ) directly , without any sample preparation , from the same NIR transmission spectrum of meloxicam tablets . Aldose reductase ( AR ) catalyzes the reduction of toxic lipid aldehydes to their alcohol products and mediates inflammatory signals triggered by lipopolysaccharide ( LPS ) . 
Beta-glucogallin ( BGG ) , a recently described AR inhibitor , was purified from extracts of the Indian gooseberry ( Emblica officinalis ) . 
In this study , we found that BGG showed low cytotoxicity in Raw264 . 7 murine macrophages and effectively inhibited AR activity as measured by a decrease in sorbitol accumulation . 
In addition , BGG-mediated inhibition of AR prevented LPS-induced activation of JNK and p38 and lowered ROS levels , which could inhibit LPS-induced apoptosis . 
Uveitis is a disease of the eye associated with chronic inflammation . 
In this study , we also demonstrated that treatment with BGG decreased the number of inflammatory cells that infiltrate the ocular media of mice with experimental uveitis . 
Accordingly , these results suggest BGG is a potential therapy for inflammatory diseases . Topoisomerase IIβ deficiency enhances camptothecin-induced apoptosis . Protein kinase C ( PKC ) is a family of serine / threonine phosphotransferases ubiquitously expressed and involved in multiple cellular functions , such as proliferation , apoptosis and differentiation . 
The C1 domain of PKC represents an attractive drug target , especially for developing PKC activators . 
Dialkyl 5- ( hydroxymethyl ) isophthalates are a novel group of synthetic C1 domain ligands that exhibit antiproliferative effect in HeLa cervical carcinoma cells . 
Here we selected two isophthalates , HMI-1a3 and HMI-1b11 , and characterized their effects in the human neuroblastoma cell line SH-SY5Y . 
Both of the active isophthalates exhibited significant antiproliferative and differentiation-inducing effects . 
Since HMI-1b11 did not impair cell survival even at the highest concentration tested ( 20μM ) , and supported neurite growth and differentiation of SH-SY5Y cells , we focused on studying its downstream signaling cascades and effects on gene expression . 
Consistently , genome-wide gene expression microarray and gene set enrichment analysis indicated that HMI-1b11 ( 10μM ) induced changes in genes mainly related to cell differentiation . 
In particular , further studies revealed that HMI-1b11 exposure induced up-regulation of GAP-43 , a marker for neurite sprouting and neuronal differentiation . 
These effects were induced by a 7-minute HMI-1b11 treatment and specifically depended on PKCα activation , since pretreatment with the selective inhibitor Gö6976 abolished the up-regulation of GAP-43 protein observed at 12hours In parallel , we found that a 7-minute exposure to HMI-1b11 induced PKCα accumulation to the cytoskeleton , an effect that was again prevented by pretreatment with Gö6976 . 
Despite similar binding affinities to PKC , the isophthalates had different effects on PKC-dependent ERK1 / 2 signaling : HMI-1a3-induced ERK1 / 2 phosphorylation was transient , while HMI-1b11 induced a rapid but prolonged ERK1 / 2 phosphorylation . 
Overall our data are in accordance with previous studies showing that activation of the PKCα and ERK1 / 2 pathways participate in regulating neuronal differentiation . 
Furthermore , since PKC has been classified as one of the cognitive kinases , and activation of PKC is considered a potential therapeutic strategy for the treatment of cognitive disorders , our findings suggest that HMI-1b11 represents a promising lead compound in research aimed to prevent or counteract memory impairment . In vitro characterization and pharmacokinetics of dapagliflozin ( BMS-512148 ) , a potent sodium-glucose cotransporter type II inhibitor , in animals and humans . First-Line Management of EGFR-Mutated Advanced Lung Adenocarcinoma : Recent Developments . Cigarette smoking causes cellular oxidative stress resulting in inflammatory diseases of lung wherein transcription factor NF-κB plays an important role . 
It is possible that vitamin C , an antioxidant , may prevent cigarette smoke ( CS ) -induced NF-κB activation that involves degradation of I-κBε and nuclear translocation of c-Rel / p50 in alveolar epithelial cells . 
Therefore , to examine the hypothesis , we verified the effect of vitamin C on CS-induced expression of NF-κB driven luciferase reporter and NF-κB binding at its target DNA by EMSA in alveolar epithelial A549 cells . 
We also examined the level of I-κBε and sub-cellular distribution of c-Rel by western blotting and immunofluorescence respectively in CSE-treated A549 cells with or without vitamin C pretreatment . 
We observed a significant reduction in CSE induced luciferase expression , NF-κB DNA binding , I-κBε degradation and c-Rel nuclear translocation in cells pretreated with vitamin C . 
To further validate the result , we examined sub-cellular distribution of c-Rel in lungs of CS-exposed guinea pigs treated or untreated with vitamin C . 
Result showed that vitamin C treatment resulted in markedly reduced c-Rel nuclear translocation . 
All these results demonstrate that vitamin C prevents CS ( E ) -induced NF-κB activation and thus it could be used for the prevention of CS-induced inflammatory diseases . EROD activity induction in peripheral blood lymphocytes , liver and brain tissues of rats orally exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons . The coupling distance between presynaptic Ca ( 2 + ) influx and the sensor for vesicular transmitter release determines speed and reliability of synaptic transmission . 
Nanodomain coupling ( <100 nm ) favors fidelity and is employed by synapses specialized for escape reflexes and by inhibitory synapses involved in synchronizing fast network oscillations . 
Cortical glutamatergic synapses seem to forgo the benefits of tight coupling , yet quantitative detail is lacking . 
The reduced transmission fidelity of loose coupling , however , raises the question whether it is indeed a general characteristic of cortical synapses . 
Here we analyzed excitatory parallel fiber to Purkinje cell synapses , major processing sites for sensory information and well suited for analysis because they typically harbor only a single active zone . 
We quantified the coupling distance by combining multiprobability fluctuation analyses , presynaptic Ca ( 2 + ) imaging , and reaction-diffusion simulations in wild-type and calretinin-deficient mice . 
We found a coupling distance of <30 nm at these synapses , much shorter than at any other glutamatergic cortical synapse investigated to date . 
Our results suggest that nanodomain coupling is a general characteristic of conventional cortical synapses involved in high-frequency transmission , allowing for dense gray matter packing and cost-effective neurotransmission . [ A new inherited metabolic disease : delta1-pyrroline 5-carboxylate synthetase deficiency ] . Defective DNA damage response and repair in liver cells expressing hepatitis B virus surface antigen . Characterization of rat brain aldosterone receptors reveals high affinity for corticosterone . The influence of diverse methoxyphenyl substitution patterns on the N- ( 2 , 6-diarylpyrimidin-4-yl ) acetamide scaffold is herein explored in order to modulate the A ( 3 ) adenosine receptor antagonistic profile . 
As a result , novel ligands exhibiting excellent potency ( K ( i ) on A ( 3 ) AR < 20 nM ) and selectivity profiles ( above 100-fold within the adenosine receptors family ) are reported . 
Moreover , our joint theoretical and experimental approach allows the identification of novel pharmacophoric elements conferring A ( 3 ) AR selectivity , first established by a robust computational model and thereafter characterizing the most salient features of the structure-activity and structure-selectivity relationships in this series . Aberrant transcription of the LHCGR gene caused by a mutation in exon 6A leads to Leydig cell hypoplasia type II . Since the identification of LRP5 as the causative gene for the osteoporosis pseudoglioma syndrome ( OPPG ) as well as the high bone mass ( HBM ) phenotype , LRP5 and the Wnt / β-catenin signaling have been extensively studied for their role in the differentiation and proliferation of osteoblasts , in the apoptosis of osteoblasts and osteocytes and in the response of bone to mechanical loading . 
However , more recently the direct effect of LRP5 on osteoblasts and bone formation has been questioned . 
Gene expression studies showed that mice lacking lrp5 have increased expression of tph1 , the rate limiting enzyme for the production of serotonin in the gut . 
Furthermore mice lacking either tph1 or htr1B , the receptor for serotonin on the osteoblasts , were reported to have an increased bone mass due to increased bone formation . 
This led to the still controversial hypothesis that LRP5 influences bone formation indirectly by regulating the expression of thp1 and as a consequence influencing the production of serotonin in the gut . 
Based on these data we decided to evaluate the role of TPH1 and HTR1B in the development of craniotubular hyperostoses , a group of monogenic sclerosing bone dysplasias . 
We screened the coding regions of both genes in 53 patients lacking a mutation in the known causative genes LRP5 , LRP4 and SOST . 
We could not find disease-causing coding variants in neither of the tested genes and therefore , we cannot provide support for an important function of TPH1 and HTR1B in the pathogenesis of sclerosing bone dysplasias in our tested patient cohort . Synthesis and biological evaluation of novel aliphatic amido-quaternary ammonium salts for anticancer chemotherapy : Part II . It was recently reported that acute cocaine pretreatment can reduce the ( + / - ) -1- ( 2 , 5-dimethoxy-4-iodophenyl ) -2-aminopropane ( DOI ) -induced 5-hydroxytryptamine2 ( 5-HT2 ) -receptor mediated head-twitch response ( HTR ) in mice via indirect stimulation of adrenergic alpha 2- and serotonergic 5-HT1A-receptors . 
The aim of the present investigation was to determine whether cocaine can alter the DOI-induced HTR in 5-HT2-receptor supersensitive mice . 
Supersensitivity was induced by a single injection of DOI 48 h prior to experimentation . 
These supersensitive mice exhibited a greater frequency of HTR to a challenge dose of DOI 48 h after its initial administration . 
Cocaine pretreatment dose-dependently reduced the DOI-induced HTR in the supersensitive mice . 
The stimulant was approximately four times more potent in the 5-HT2-receptor supersensitive mice relative to its reported effects in normal mice . 
Receptor blockade studies with yohimbine and alprenolol revealed that both of the inhibitory components of cocaine's actions ( i . 
e . 
, adrenergic alpha 2- and serotonergic 5-HT1A-receptor effects , respectively ) were more efficient in reducing the DOI-induced HTR in supersensitive mice compared to normosensitive animals . 
The present results further support the previously suggested hypothesis that acute cocaine administration inhibits the 5-HT2-receptor function by increasing the synaptic concentration of norepinephrine and serotonin via inhibition of their uptake and therefore indirectly stimulating the respective inhibitory adrenergic alpha 2- and serotonergic 5-HT1A-receptors . Comparison of the AT1-receptor blocker , candesartan cilexetil , and the ACE inhibitor , lisinopril , in fixed combination with low dose hydrochlorothiazide in hypertensive patients . Inhibition of the human ether-a-go-go-related gene ( HERG ) potassium channel by cisapride : affinity for open and inactivated states . Hypothalamic neurons are main regulators of energy homeostasis . 
Neuronal function essentially depends on plasma membrane-located gangliosides . 
The present work demonstrates that hypothalamic integration of metabolic signals requires neuronal expression of glucosylceramide synthase ( GCS; UDP-glucose : ceramide glucosyltransferase ) . 
As a major mechanism of central nervous system ( CNS ) metabolic control , we demonstrate that GCS-derived gangliosides interacting with leptin receptors ( ObR ) in the neuronal membrane modulate leptin-stimulated formation of signaling metabolites in hypothalamic neurons . 
Furthermore , ganglioside-depleted hypothalamic neurons fail to adapt their activity ( c-Fos ) in response to alterations in peripheral energy signals . 
Consequently , mice with inducible forebrain neuron-specific deletion of the UDP-glucose : ceramide glucosyltransferase gene ( Ugcg ) display obesity , hypothermia , and lower sympathetic activity . 
Recombinant adeno-associated virus ( rAAV ) -mediated Ugcg delivery to the arcuate nucleus ( Arc ) significantly ameliorated obesity , specifying gangliosides as seminal components for hypothalamic regulation of body energy homeostasis . Identification of early replicating fragile sites that contribute to genome instability . Hippocampal long-term depression mediates spatial reversal learning in the Morris water maze . Characterization of the molecular mechanisms involved in the increased insulin secretion in rats with acute liver failure . In medicine , the use of silica nanoparticles ( SiO ( 2 ) NPs ) offers new perspectives in biosensor , drug delivery and cancer therapy . 
However , questions about potential toxic and deleterious effects of SiO ( 2 ) NPs have also been raised . 
The aim of this study was to investigate the induction of cytotoxicity , oxidative stress and apoptosis by SiO ( 2 ) NPs ( size 15 nm ) in human skin epithelial ( A431 ) and human lung epithelial ( A549 ) cells . 
SiO ( 2 ) NPs ( concentration range 25-200 µg / ml ) induced dose-dependent cytotoxicity in both types of cells , which was demonstrated by cell viability ( 3- ( 4 , 5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl ) -2 , 5-diphenyltetrazoliumbromide ) and lactate dehydrogenase leakage assays . 
SiO ( 2 ) NPs were also found to induce oxidative stress in a dose-dependent manner , indicated by depletion of glutathione and induction of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) generation and lipid peroxidation . 
Quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction analysis showed that following the exposure of cells to SiO ( 2 ) NPs , the messenger RNA level of apoptotic genes ( caspase-3 and caspase-9 ) were upregulated in a dose-dependent manner . 
Moreover , activities of caspase-3 and caspase-9 enzymes were also significantly higher in both kinds of cells exposed to SiO ( 2 ) NPs . 
This study suggested that SiO ( 2 ) NPs induce cytotoxicity and apoptosis in A431 and A549 cells , which is likely to be mediated through ROS generation and oxidative stress . In the present study , we evaluated the anti-inflammatory effect of 4-methoxy-5- hydroxycanthin-6-one ( CAN ) , a natural alkaloid isolated from Picrasma quassioides . 
CAN significantly inhibited the production of NO and the release of TNF-α induced by LPS in macrophage RAW 264 . 7 . 
Western blot showed that CAN can downregulate the expression of iNOS protein . 
After oral administration , CAN ( 3 , 9 , and 27 mg / kg ) reduced the development of carrageenan-induced paw edema and complete Freund's adjuvant ( CFA ) -induced chronic arthritis in rats . 
The observed results indicated that pre-treatment with CAN might be an effective therapeutic intervention against inflammatory diseases including chronic arthritis . Differential interaction of glimepiride and glibenclamide with the beta-cell sulfonylurea receptor . 
I . 
Binding characteristics . Rapid cortical bone loss in patients with chronic kidney disease . Reduced plasma membrane surface expression of GLAST mediates decreased glutamate regulation in the aged striatum . The bone morphogenetic protein ( BMP ) signaling pathway has essential functions in development , homeostasis , and the normal and pathophysiologic remodeling of tissues . 
Small molecule inhibitors of the BMP receptor kinase family have been useful for probing physiologic functions of BMP signaling in vitro and in vivo and may have roles in the treatment of BMP-mediated diseases . 
Here we describe the development of a selective and potent inhibitor of the BMP type I receptor kinases , LDN-212854 , which in contrast to previously described BMP receptor kinase inhibitors exhibits nearly 4 orders of selectivity for BMP versus the closely related TGF-β and Activin type I receptors . 
In vitro , LDN-212854 exhibits some selectivity for ALK2 in preference to other BMP type I receptors , ALK1 and ALK3 , which may permit the interrogation of ALK2-mediated signaling , transcriptional activity , and function . 
LDN-212854 potently inhibits heterotopic ossification in an inducible transgenic mutant ALK2 mouse model of fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva . 
These findings represent a significant step toward developing selective inhibitors targeting individual members of the highly homologous BMP type I receptor family . 
Such inhibitors would provide greater resolution as probes of physiologic function and improved selectivity against therapeutic targets . This paper examines the relative effectiveness of sulfamate and sulfamide groups for the inhibition of carbonic anhydrase-II ( CA-II ) . 
Topiramate ( 1 ) and its sulfamide analogue 4 , and 4 , 5-cyclic sulfate 6 and its sulfamide analogue 5 , were compared for inhibition of human CA-II . 
A colorimetric assay , based on the pH shift that accompanies hydration of carbon dioxide , and an esterase assay were used . 
For these bioisosteric pairs , 1 / 4 and 6 / 5 , the sulfamate compound was markedly more potent than its sulfamide counterpart . 
A similar , large difference in potency was also observed for the sulfamate / sulfamide pairs 14 / 15 and 16 / 17 . 
These results indicate that the sulfamide moiety is not particularly suitable for obtaining potent carbonic anhydrase inhibition . 
A discussion of this structure-activity relationship with respect to the interactions of 1 and 6 with CA-II from published X-ray data is presented . 
A metabolic acidosis study was performed in rats with 1 , 4 , 6 , and 2 , and the results are discussed with respect to the degree of inhibition of CA-II in vivo . Development of New Drugs for COPD . Fisetin regulates obesity by targeting mTORC1 signaling . Phosphodiesterase type 5 ( PDE5 ) mediates the degradation of cGMP in a variety of tissues including brain . 
Recent studies have demonstrated the importance of the nitric oxide / cGMP / cAMP-responsive element-binding protein ( CREB ) pathway to the process of learning and memory . 
Thus , PDE5 inhibitors ( PDE5Is ) are thought to be promising new therapeutic agents for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease ( AD ) , a neurodegenerative disorder characterized by memory loss . 
To explore this possibility , a series of quinoline derivatives were synthesized and evaluated . 
We found that compound 7a selectively inhibits PDE5 with an IC ( 50 ) of 0 . 27 nM and readily crosses the blood brain barrier . 
In an in vivo mouse model of AD , compound 7a rescues synaptic and memory defects . 
Quinoline-based , CNS-permeant PDE5Is have potential for AD therapeutic development . OBJECTIVE : Mitiglinide , a rapid- and short-acting insulinotropic sulfonylurea receptor ligand , exhibits hypoglycemic action unlike other sulfonylureas . 
The efficacy of the combination of mitiglinide and alpha-glucosidase inhibitors for diabetic patients on hemodialysis ( HD ) has not been prospectively evaluated; therefore , we evaluated the efficacy and safety of mitiglinide in these patients . 
RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS : We performed an open-label randomized study with 36 type 2 diabetics with poor glycemic control on HD and receiving daily doses of voglibose ( 0 . 9 mg ) . 
The patients were randomly assigned to two groups : a combination-therapy group ( mitiglinide group ) , mitiglinide initial dose 7 . 5 - 15 mg titrated to 30 mg daily and constant daily dose 0 . 9 mg of voglibose , and a monotherapy group ( control group ) , constant daily dose 0 . 9 mg of voglibose alone . 
The efficacy of the treatment was determined by monitoring plasma glucose , hemoglobin A1c ( Hb ( A1c ) ) , and glycated albumin ( GA ) levels and using homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance ( HOMA-IR ) . 
Safety and tolerance were determined by monitoring clinical and laboratory parameters . 
RESULTS : The final dose of mitiglinide was 22 . 9 + / - 8 . 9 ( mean + / - s . 
d . 
) mg ( 0 . 41 mg / kg ) daily . 
Mitiglinide reduced fasting plasma glucose and GA levels after 4 weeks and Hb ( A1c ) levels after 8 weeks . 
Triglyceride levels and HOMA-IR values also decreased significantly after mitiglinide treatment . 
No significant changes in blood pressure levels or serious adverse effects such as hypoglycemia or liver impairment were observed . 
CONCLUSIONS : This study suggests a combination therapy of mitiglinide and voglibose may have potential for the treatment of diabetics on HD . 
Due to the small sample size used , further studies should be performed , particularly to assess the safety of mitiglinide treatment . Opioids are sometimes used to treat pain in ulcerative wounds , and it is speculated that pain interferes with the healing process . 
Because the direct effect of opioids on this process remains unknown , we examined the effect of topically applied opioids on the healing of open ischemic wounds in rats . 
Topically applied opioids hastened wound closure , particularly in the first 4 days when no healing was initiated in phosphate buffered saline solution-treated wounds . 
After 1 week of application , fentanyl , hydromorphone , and morphine resulted in 66% , 55% , and 42% wound closure , respectively , as compared to only 15% in control wounds . 
Opioid-induced healing was accompanied by a 1 . 5- to 2 . 5-fold increase in nuclear density in the granulation tissue and 45-87% increase in angiogenesis as compared to phosphate buffered saline solution-treated wounds . 
Fentanyl showed significantly improved healing compared to morphine and hydromorphone ( p < 0 . 05 , fentanyl vs . 
others ) . 
Fentanyl-induced healing was inhibited by the opioid receptor antagonist naloxone , suggesting that peripheral opioid receptor ( s ) mediate the healing process . 
Opioids accelerate healing by up-regulating both endothelial and inducible nitric oxide synthase and the vascular endothelial-derived growth factor receptor Flk1 in the wounds . 
We envision that opioids can be used topically to accelerate wound healing in diverse clinical conditions ranging from surgical incisions to nonhealing ischemic ulcers in pathophysiological conditions and in hospice patients . The bizarre pharmacology of the ATP release channel pannexin1 . Levels of insulin autoantibodies ( IAA ) vary among different first degree relatives of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients , suggesting genetic regulation . 
We previously reported elevated IAA among DR4-positive at risk relatives . 
In this study , 72 / 82 at risk relatives were IAA positive , of whom 75% ( 54 / 72 ) carried DR4 versus 20% ( 2 / 10 ) of IAA-negative relatives ( P = 0 . 0004 ) . 
However , 69% ( 18 / 26 ) of DR4-negative relatives were IAA positive . 
Since DR4 did not account for all IAA positivity , we analyzed DQA1 and DQB1 alleles . 
Homozygosity for DQA1 alleles deriving from the evolutionary lineage 4 ( *0401 , *0501 , *0601 ) was associated with low IAA levels , while lineage 1-3 alleles ( *0101 , *0102 , *0103 , *0201 , *0301 ) correlated with higher levels . 
Most ( 93% , 65 / 70 ) relatives with lineage 1-3 alleles were IAA positive ( mean = 360 + / - 63 SEM nU / ml ) . 
Only 7 / 12 relatives homozygous for lineage 4 alleles were IAA-positive , with lower levels than relatives with lineage 1-3 alleles ( mean = 55 + / - 15 SEM nU / ml , P < 0 . 0001; 7 / 12 vs 65 / 70 , P = 0 . 004 ) . 
The amino acid sequences of lineage 1-3 alleles uniquely share glutamic acid ( E ) and phenylalanine ( F ) at positions 40 and 51 ( EF alleles ) . 
Lineage 4 alleles have glycine ( G ) and leucine ( L ) at those positions ( GL alleles ) . 
90% ( 65 / 72 ) of IAA-positive relatives had an EF allele , while only 75% ( 54 / 72 ) had DR4 ( P = 0 . 01 ) . 
Homozygosity for GL alleles ( often DQA1 *0501 on DR3 haplotypes ) correlated with little or no humoral response to insulin . 
Thus , HLA-DQB1 GL alleles , or other genes on haplotypes ( e . 
g . 
, DR3 ) that carry these DQA1 alleles , may confer recessive low responsiveness to insulin . 1 . 
CGP 12177A mediates cardiostimulation by activation of the 'putative' beta ( 4 ) -adrenoceptor; however , it has recently been reported that disruption of the beta ( 1 ) -adrenoceptor gene abolishes this effect . 
We have adenovirally overexpressed beta ( 1 ) -adrenoceptors in isolated , cultured adult rat ventricular cardiomyocytes and observed the inotropic potency of isoprenaline and CGP 12177A ( in the presence of 1 microm propranolol ) . 
2 . 
Isoprenaline was a full inotropic agonist at rat ventricular myocytes ( pD ( 2 ) 7 . 69 + / -0 . 12 ) . 
CGP 12177A was a nonconventional partial agonist ( pD ( 2 ) 6 . 34 + / -0 . 09 ) , increasing inotropy and lusitropy , with an intrinsic activity of 0 . 34 and antagonised by bupranolol . 
3 . 
beta ( 1 ) -adrenoceptor overexpression enhanced the inotropic potency of isoprenaline by 11 . 7-fold ( pD ( 2 ) 8 . 76 + / -0 . 14 ) and CGP 12177A by 5 . 9-fold ( 7 . 11 + / -0 . 10 ) , respectively . 
Green fluorescent protein ( GFP ) overexpression did not alter the potency of isoprenaline or CGP 12177A ( pD ( 2 ) 7 . 41 + / -0 . 24 and pD ( 2 ) 6 . 60 + / -0 . 50 , respectively ) . 
4 . 
The cardiostimulant effects of CGP 12177A were enhanced by IBMX ( phosphodiesterase inhibitor ) and decreased by Rp-cAMPS ( cAMP antagonist ) . 
CGP 12177A also increased cAMP levels . 
CGP 12177A but not isoprenaline initiated arrhythmias at lower concentrations following beta ( 1 ) -adrenoceptor overexpression . 
5 . 
( 125 ) I-Cyanopindolol saturation binding in Adv . 
beta ( 1 ) myocytes demonstrated approximately 18-fold increase in beta ( 1 ) -adrenoceptors . 
( 3 ) H-CGP 12177A saturation binding , in the presence of propranolol , increased approximately 5-fold following overexpression of beta ( 1 ) -adrenoceptors . 
6 . 
This study demonstrates enhanced cardiostimulation by CGP 12177A ( in the presence of propranolol ) in rat ventricular myocytes overexpressing beta ( 1 ) -adrenoceptors , mediated by a Gs / cAMP signalling pathway . 
'Putative' beta ( 4 ) -adrenoceptor pharmacology appears to be mediated by activation of a novel affinity state of the beta ( 1 ) -adrenoceptor . BACKGROUND : It is well known that adenosine levels are increased during ischemia and protect the heart during ischemia / reperfusion . 
However , less is known about the role of adenosine-adenosine receptor ( AR ) pathways in hearts with left ventricular dilation and dysfunction . 
Therefore , we assessed adenosine levels and selective AR expression in transgenic mice with left ventricular systolic dysfunction secondary to overexpression of tumor necrosis factor-alpha ( TNF 1 . 6 ) . 
METHODS AND RESULTS : Cardiac adenosine levels were reduced by 70% at 3 and 6 weeks of age in TNF 1 . 6 mice . 
This change was accompanied by a 4-fold increase in the levels of A1-AR and a 50% reduction in the levels of A2A-AR . 
That the increase in A1-AR density was of physiological significance was shown by the fact that chronotropic responsiveness to the A1-AR selective agonist 2-chloro-N6-cyclopentanyladenosine was enhanced in the TNF 1 . 6 mice . 
Similar changes in adenosine levels were found in 2 other models of heart failure , mice overexpressing calsequestrin and mice after chronic pressure overload , suggesting that the changes in adenosine-AR signaling were secondary to myocardial dysfunction rather than to TNF overexpression . 
CONCLUSIONS : Cardiac dysfunction secondary to the overexpression of TNF is associated with marked alterations in myocardial levels of adenosine and ARs . 
Modulation of the myocardial adenosine system and its signaling pathways may be a novel therapeutic target in patients with heart failure . Microglial disruption in young mice with early chronic lead exposure . Inhibitory action of salicylideneamino-2-thiophenol on NF-κB signaling cascade and cyclooxygenase-2 in HNE-treated endothelial cells . Lipoxin A4 ( LXA4 ) has been described as an anti-inflammatory mediator , which exerts its effects through the formyl peptide receptor FPR2 , also known as ALX . 
However , there has been a controversy whether or not cells expressing FPR2 / ALX , such as neutrophils , respond to LXA4 . 
We , therefore , systematically examined the ability of the human and murine forms of the receptor to respond to LXA4 . 
We show that both receptor orthologues responded to the FPR2 / ALX peptide agonist WKYMVM when expressed heterologously . 
In contrast , LXA4 from different sources neither increased [ Ca ( 2 + ) ] i and extracellular-signal-regulated kinase ( ERK ) phosphorylation , nor did it induce a decrease in cAMP levels or a translocation of β-arrestin . 
Also , several LXA4 analogues were found to be unable to signal through FPR2 / ALX . 
We conclude that FPR2 / ALX is not activated by LXA4 and that the molecular mechanism by which LXA4 functions still needs to be identified . Dihydroartemisinin ( DHA ) , a semi-synthetic derivative of artemisinin isolated from the traditional Chinese herb Artemisia annua L . 
, has recently been shown to possess antitumor activity in various cancer cells . 
However , the effect of anti-inflammatory potentials of DHA in murine macrophage RAW 264 . 7 cells has not been studied . 
The present study investigated the effect of COX-2 and molecular mechanisms by DHA in PMA stimulated RAW 264 . 7 cells . 
DHA dose-dependently decreased PMA-induced COX-2 expression and PGE2 production , as well as COX-2 promoter-driven luciferase activity . 
Additionally , DHA decreased luciferase activity of COX-2 regulation-related transcription factors including NF-κB , AP-1 , C / EBP and CREB . 
DHA also remarkably reduced PMA-induced p65 , C / EBPβ , c-jun and CREB nuclear translocation . 
Furthermore , DHA evidently inhibited PMA-induced phosphorylation of AKT and the MAP Kinases , such as ERK , JNK and p38 . 
Taken together , our data indicated that DHA effectively attenuates COX-2 production via down-regulation of AKT and MAPK pathway , revealing partial molecular basis for the anti-inflammatory properties of DHA . P2Y12 , a G protein-coupled receptor that plays a central role in platelet activation has been recently identified as the receptor targeted by the antithrombotic drug , clopidogrel . 
In this study , we further deciphered the mechanism of action of clopidogrel and of its active metabolite ( Act-Met ) on P2Y12 receptors . 
Using biochemical approaches , we demonstrated the existence of homooligomeric complexes of P2Y12 receptors at the surface of mammalian cells and in freshly isolated platelets . 
In vitro treatment with Act-Met or in vivo oral administration to rats with clopidogrel induced the breakdown of these oligomers into dimeric and monomeric entities in P2Y12 expressing HEK293 and platelets respectively . 
In addition , we showed the predominant association of P2Y12 oligomers to cell membrane lipid rafts and the partitioning of P2Y12 out of rafts in response to clopidogrel and Act-Met . 
The raft-associated P2Y12 oligomers represented the functional form of the receptor , as demonstrated by binding and signal transduction studies . 
Finally , using a series of receptors individually mutated at each cysteine residue and a chimeric P2Y12 / P2Y13 receptor , we pointed out the involvement of cysteine 97 within the first extracellular loop of P2Y12 in the mechanism of action of Act-Met . Beta 2- but not beta 1-adrenoceptors are involved in desipramine enhancement of aggressive behavior in long-term isolated mice . Changes in intestinal permeability and lactose hydrolysis have been investigated in three adults and fifteen infants with acute rotaviral gastroenteritis by differential sugar absorption . 
The method involves chromatographic measurement of urinary lactose , lactulose and L-rhamnose excretion following combined ingestion in an iso-osmolar test solution . 
All patients had abnormal intestinal permeability indicated by raised urine lactulose / L-rhamnose excretion , ratio of percentages recovered in 5 h , of 0 . 462 ( 0 . 100-1 . 227 ) mean and range , compared with 0 . 027 ( 0 . 008-0 . 052 ) for healthy controls ( P less than 0 . 001 ) . 
Ten patients also had urinary lactose / lactulose excretion ratios raised above the normal range ( 0 . 014-0 . 41 , mean 0 . 258 ) during their acute illness , indicating impaired intestinal lactose hydrolysis . 
Both indices had become normal 4 weeks after the acute illness , serial investigation of five patients showing that improvement was complete much earlier . 
Except for the short duration these changes are similar to those associated with villous atrophy in coeliac disease . 
The test procedure was verified with respect to intestinal lactose hydrolysis by demonstrating a linear relationship between lactose / lactulose excretion and log jejunal mucosal lactase activity by in vitro assay ( R2 = 0 . 95 ) in a further group of subjects . 
Differential lactose / lactulose / L-rhamnose absorption provides a non-invasive and sensitive index of small intestinal integrity of value for the interpretation of prolonged or otherwise complicated enteritis and the distinction of primary secondary intestinal lactase deficiency . The role of late I and antiarrhythmic drugs in EAD formation and termination in Purkinje fibers . Continuous dopaminergic stimulation ( CDS ) is an important drug development strategy in the treatment of Parkinson's disease ( PD ) . 
Rotigotine is a non-ergoline D ( 3 ) / D ( 2 ) / D ( 1 ) dopamine receptor agonist for treating PD . 
As a new treatment option for CDS , rotigotine-loaded microspheres ( RoMS ) , long-acting sustained-release microspheres with poly ( lactide-co-glycolide ) as drug carrier , are now being evaluated in clinical trial . 
In the present study , the subchronic toxicity in Cynomolgus monkeys has been characterized via intramuscular administration with RoMS at 0 , 10 , 40 and 160 mg / kg , weekly for 3 months with a 1-month recovery period . 
The NOAEL was 10 mg / kg / week . 
One male at 160 mg / kg died from an extensive pulmonary embolism . 
The major toxicological effects were associated with dopamine agonist-related pharmacodynamic properties of rotigotine ( e . 
g . 
, hyperactivity and stereotype , decreased serum prolactin level ) and foreign body removal reaction induced by poly ( lactide-co-glycolide ) and carboxymethycellulose sodium ( e . 
g . 
, increased mononuclear cells and neutrophils , thymus atrophy and vacuolar degeneration of adrenal cortex , foreign body granuloma with foam cells accumulation at injection sites and foam cells accumulation in spleen and multiple lymph sinuses ) . 
At the end of recovery period , above findings recovered to a normal level or to a certain degree except vacuolar degeneration of adrenal gland . 
RoMS has exhibited high safety on monkeys . Fibroblast growth factors ( FGFs ) play multiple roles during development and in adult tissues as paracrine regulators of growth and differentiation . 
FGFs signal through transmembrane receptor tyrosine kinases , but heparan sulfate is also required for signaling by members of the FGF family . 
In addition , heparan sulfate may be involved in determining tissue distribution of FGFs . 
Using biotinylated FGF-2 and FGF-7 ( KGF ) as probes , we have identified specific interactions between FGFs and heparan sulfates in human tissues . 
Both FGF species bind to tissue mast cells and to epithelial cell membranes . 
Binding to basement membrane heparan sulfate is tissue source dependent and specific . 
Although FGF-2 strongly binds to basement membrane heparan sulfate in skin and most other tissue sites examined , FGF-7 fails to bind to basement membrane heparan sulfate in most locations . 
However , in subendothelial matrix in blood vessels and in the basement membrane of a papillary renal cell carcinoma , strong FGF-7 binding is seen . 
In summary , distinct and specific affinities of heparan sulfates for different FGFs were identified that may affect growth factor activation and local distribution . 
Heparan sulfate may have a gatekeeper function to either restrict or permit diffusion of heparin-binding growth factors across the basement membrane . Mdr1a- , Bcrp- , and Mrp2-knockout rats are a more practical species for ADME studies than murine models and previously demonstrated expected alterations in pharmacokinetics of various probe substrates . 
At present , gene expression and pathology changes were systematically studied in small intestine , liver , kidney , and brain tissue from male SAGE Mdr1a- , Bcrp- , and Mrp2-knockout rats versus wild-type Sprague Dawley controls . 
Gene expression data supported the relevant knockout genotype . 
As expected , Mrp2-knockout rats were hyperbilirubinemic and exhibited upregulation of hepatic Mrp3 . 
Overall , few alterations were observed within 112 ADME-relevant genes . 
The two potentially most consequential changes were upregulation of intestinal carboxylesterase in Mdr1a-knockouts and catechol-O-methyltransferase in all tissues of Bcrp-knockout rats . 
Previously reported upregulation of hepatic Mdr1b P-glycoprotein in proprietary Wistar Mdr1a-knockout rats was not observed in the SAGE counterpart investigated herein . 
Relative liver and kidney weights were 22-53% higher in all three knockouts , with microscopic increases in hepatocyte size in Mdr1a- and Mrp2-knockout rats , and glomerular size in Bcrp- and Mrp2-knockouts . 
Increased relative weight of clearing organs is quantitatively consistent with reported increases in clearance of drugs that are not substrates of the knocked-out transporter . 
Overall , SAGE knockout rats demonstrated modest compensatory changes , which do not preclude their general application to study transporter-mediated pharmacokinetics . 
However , until future studies elucidate the magnitude of functional change , caution is warranted in rare instances of extensive metabolism by catechol-O-methyltransferase in Bcrp-knockouts and intestinal carboxylesterase in Mdr1a-knockout rats , specifically for molecules with free catechol groups and esters subject to gut wall hydrolysis . A single-nucleotide polymorphism ( SNP ) in the α5 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor subunit gene , rs16969968 , has been repeatedly associated with both smoking and respiratory health phenotypes . 
However , there remains considerable debate as to whether associations with lung cancer are mediated through effects on smoking behavior . 
Preclinical studies suggest that α5 receptor subunit expression and function may have a direct role in nicotine titration during self administration . 
The present study investigated the association of CHRNA5 polymorphisms and smoking topography in 66 smokers asked to smoke four nicotine-containing ( nicotine yield = 0 . 60 mg ) and four placebo ( nicotine yield <0 . 05 mg ) cigarettes , during separate experimental sessions . 
Genotype at rs16969968 predicted nicotine titration , with homozygotes for the major allele ( G : G ) displaying significantly reduced puff volume in response to nicotine , whereas minor allele carriers ( A : G or A : A ) produced equivalent puff volumes for placebo and nicotine cigarettes . 
The present results suggest that puff volume may be a more powerful objective phenotype of smoking behavior than self-reported cigarettes per day and nicotine dependence . 
Further , these results suggest that the association between rs16969968 and lung cancer may be mediated by the quantity of smoke inhaled . 
The Pharmacogenomics Journal advance online publication , 29 January 2013; doi : 10 . 1038 / tpj . 2012 . 50 . The beneficial or adverse effects of isolated phytochemicals are not always concordant with effects of the botanical dietary supplements from which they were derived . 
This disparity could be due to interactions between the various phytochemicals present in the whole plant . 
The phenolic acids , rosmarinic acid ( RA ) , caffeic acid ( CA ) and ferulic acid ( FA ) are widely present in foods and dietary supplements , and they are assumed to exert various beneficial biological effects . 
However , there is little data on the potential biological interactions of these three phenolic acids which commonly occur together and are linked metabolically . 
In the present study , liver toxicity of the three phenolic acids was assessed on the three compounds singly and in various binary and one ternary combinations . 
A series of in vitro endpoints relevant to liver toxicity were evaluated in both a human ( HepG2 / C3A ) and rat ( MH1C1 ) hepatocyte cell line . 
The Combination Index ( CI ) was calculated for each endpoint from both the concentration responses of the single compounds and the responses of the various binary and ternary mixtures . 
Both synergistic and antagonistic interactions were observed for some endpoints and some combinations of test agents . 
Interactions were most prevalent in measures of oxidative stress and cytochrome P450 activities in both cell types . 
There was only a 53% concordance between the rat and human cells which may be suggestive of species differences . 
The data suggest an approach for better characterizing the beneficial or adverse effects of complex botanical products through evaluation of interactions between individual phytochemical components . Seizures remain uncontrolled in 30% of patients with epilepsy , even with concurrent use of multiple drugs , and uncontrolled seizures result in increased morbidity and mortality . 
An extreme example is Dravet syndrome ( DS ) , an infantile-onset severe epilepsy caused by heterozygous loss of function mutations in SCN1A , the gene encoding the brain type-I voltage-gated sodium channel NaV1 . 1 . 
Studies in Scn1a heterozygous knockout mice demonstrate reduced excitability of GABAergic interneurons , suggesting that enhancement of GABA signaling may improve seizure control and comorbidities . 
We studied the efficacy of two GABA-enhancing drugs , clonazepam and tiagabine , alone and in combination , against thermally evoked myoclonic and generalized tonic-clonic seizures . 
Clonazepam , a positive allosteric modulator of GABA-A receptors , protected against myoclonic and generalized tonic-clonic seizures . 
Tiagabine , a presynaptic GABA reuptake inhibitor , was protective against generalized tonic-clonic seizures but only minimally protective against myoclonic seizures and enhanced myoclonic seizure susceptibility at high doses . 
Combined therapy with clonazepam and tiagabine was synergistic against generalized tonic-clonic seizures but was additive against myoclonic seizures . 
Toxicity determined by rotorod testing was additive for combination therapy . 
The synergistic actions of clonazepam and tiagabine gave enhanced seizure protection and reduced toxicity , suggesting that combination therapy may be well tolerated and effective for seizures in DS . Androgen physiology . Decreased sweat secretion is a primary side effect of topiramate in pediatric patients , but the mechanism underlying this effect remains unclear . 
This study aimed to better understand how topiramate decreases sweat secretion by examining its effect on the expression of carbonic anhydrase ( CA ) II and aquaporin-5 ( AQP5 ) , total CA activity , as well as on tissue morphology of sweat glands in mice . 
Both developing and mature mice were treated with a low ( 20 mg / kg / day ) and high dose ( 80 mg / kg / day ) of topiramate for 4 weeks . 
Sweat secretion was investigated by an established technique of examining mold impressions of hind paws . 
CA II and AQP5 expression levels were determined by immunofluorescence and immunoblotting and CA activity by a colorimetric assay . 
In mature mice , topiramate treatment decreased the number of pilocarpine reactive sweat glands from baseline in both the low and high dose groups by 83% and 75% , respectively . 
A similar decrease was seen in developing mice . 
Mature mice with reactive sweat glands that declined more than 25% compared to baseline were defined as anhidrotic mice . 
These mice did not differ from controls in average secretory coil diameter , CA II expression and CA activity . 
In contrast , anhidrotic mice did show a reduction in membrane AQP5 expression in sweat glands after topiramate delivery . 
Thus , sweat secretion and membrane AQP5 expression in mouse sweat glands decreased following topiramate administration . 
These results suggest dysregulation of AQP5 may be involved in topiramate-induced hypohidrosis and topiramate may serve as a novel therapy for hyperhidrosis . Specific binding of collagen Q to the neuromuscular junction is exploited to cure congenital myasthenia and to explore bases of myasthenia gravis . BACKGROUND : Hypertension treatment guidelines recommend combination therapy with diuretics and other antihypertensive agents , including angiotensin II type 1 ( AT1 ) receptor antagonists . 
This trial investigated the possibility of pharmacokinetic interactions between the AT1 receptor antagonist olmesartan medoxomil and the thiazide diuretic hydrochlorothiazide in healthy subjects . 
METHODS : Twenty-four healthy normotensive adult male subjects underwent three consecutive 7-day treatment periods ( A , B and C , respectively ) during which they were randomised to receive : olmesartan medoxomil 20 mg once daily ( regimen A ) , hydrochlorothiazide 25 mg once daily ( regimen B ) , or olmesartan medoxomil 20 mg once daily plus hydrochlorothiazide 25 mg once daily ( regimen C ) . 
Treatment periods were separated by washouts of 7-14 days . 
The primary pharmacokinetic parameters evaluated were : the area under the plasma concentration versus time curve at steady state ( AUCss , tau ) , the maximum plasma concentration at steady state ( Css , max ) , and the time at which Css , max occurred ( tmax ) . 
RESULTS : Complete data sets from 17 subjects were available for pharmacokinetic analyses . 
Mean concentration versus time profiles were similar for monotherapy and combination treatment for both olmesartan ( the active metabolite of olmesartan medoxomil ) and hydrochlorothiazide . 
For olmesartan , comparison of monotherapy with combination therapy showed that for AUCss , tau and Css , max point estimates were close to unity , demonstrating bioequivalence . 
For hydrochlorothiazide , combination therapy resulted in decreases in AUCss , tau and Css , max of approximately 10% versus monotherapy; nevertheless , since 90% CIs were within the acceptance range , bioequivalence was proven . 
Median tmax values for olmesartan and hydrochlorothiazide for periods A , B and C were identical , indicating bioequivalence . 
Both olmesartan medoxomil and hydrochlorothiazide were well tolerated . 
CONCLUSION : These results show that there is little or no potential for a clinically relevant pharmacokinetic interaction between olmesartan medoxomil 20 mg and hydrochlorothiazide 25 mg , and therefore dosage adjustment should not be necessary when they are co-administered . An effective method for the total synthesis of 1 ( AMF-26 ) , a potentially promising new anticancer drug that disrupts the Golgi system by inhibiting the ADP-ribosylation factor 1 ( Arf1 ) activation , has been developed for the first time . 
The construction of the chiral linear precursor ( a key to the synthesis ) was achieved by the asymmetric aldol reaction followed by the computer-assisted predictive stereoselective intramolecular Diels-Alder reaction . 
The global antitumor activity of the totally synthetic 1 against a variety of human cancer cells was assessed using a panel of 39 human cancer cell lines ( JFCR39 ) , and it was shown that the synthetic 1 strongly inhibited the growth of several cancer cell lines at concentrations of less than 0 . 04 μM . 
Biological assays of novel derivatives , 26 and 31 , which have different side-chains at the C-4 positions in the Δ¹ , ²-octalin backbone , disclosed the importance of the suitable structure of the side-chain containing conjugated multidouble bonds . The vesicular neurotransmitter transporter VMAT2 is responsible for the transport of monoamines into synaptic and storage vesicles . 
VMAT2 is the target of many psychoactive drugs and is essential for proper neurotransmission and survival . 
Here we describe a new expression system in Saccharomyces cerevisiae that takes advantage of the polyspecificity of VMAT2 . 
Expression of rVMAT2 confers resistance to acriflavine and to the parkinsonian toxin 1-methyl-4-phenylpyridinium ( MPP ( + ) ) by their removal into the yeast vacuole . 
This expression system allowed identification of a new substrate , acriflavine , and isolation of mutants with modified affinity to tetrabenazine ( TBZ ) , a non-competitive inhibitor of VMAT2 that is used in the treatment of various movement disorders including Tourette syndrome and Huntington chorea . 
Whereas one type of mutant obtained displayed decreased affinity to TBZ , a second type showed only a slight decrease in the affinity to TBZ , displayed a higher K ( m ) to the neurotransmitter serotonin , but conferred increased resistance to acriflavine and MPP ( + ) . 
A protein where both types of mutations were combined ( with only three amino acid replacements ) lost most of the properties of the neurotransmitter transporter ( TBZ-insensitive , no transport of neurotransmitter ) but displayed enhanced resistance to the above toxicants . 
The work described here shows that in the case of rVMAT2 , loss of traits acquired in evolution of function ( such as serotonin transport and TBZ binding ) bring about an improvement in older functions such as resistance to toxic compounds . 
A process that has taken millions of years of evolution can be reversed by three mutations . An integral asymmetric membrane was fabricated in a fast and one-step process by combining the self-assembly of an amphiphilic block copolymer ( PS-b-P4VP ) with nonsolvent-induced phase separation . 
The structure was found to be composed of a thin layer of densely packed highly ordered cylindrical channels with uniform pore sizes perpendicular to the surface on top of a nonordered sponge-like layer . 
The as-assembled membrane obtained a water flux of more than 3200 L m ( -2 ) h ( -1 ) bar ( -1 ) , which was at least an order of magnitude higher than the water fluxes of commercially available membranes with comparable pore sizes , making this membrane particularly well suited to size-selective and charge-based separation of biomolecules . 
To test the performance of the membrane , we conducted diffusion experiments at the physiological pH of 7 . 4 using bovine serum albumin ( BSA ) and globulin-γ , two proteins with different diameters but too close in size ( 2-fold difference in molecular mass ) to be efficiently separated via conventional dialysis membrane processes . 
The diffusion rate differed by a factor of 87 , the highest value reported to date . 
We also analyzed charge-based diffusive transport and separation of two proteins of similar molecular weight ( BSA and bovine hemoglobin ( BHb ) ) through the membrane as a function of external pH . 
The membrane achieved a selectivity of about 10 at pH 4 . 7 , the isoelectric point ( pI ) of BSA . 
We then positively charged the membrane to improve the separation selectivity . 
With the modified membrane BSA was completely blocked when the pH was 7 . 0 , the pI of BHb , while BHb was completely blocked at pH 4 . 7 . 
Our results demonstrate the potential of our asymmetric membrane to efficiently separate biological substances / pharmaceuticals in bioscience , biotechnology , and biomedicine applications . Two experiments were conducted to investigate the effect of lutein and fat or eicosapentaenoic acid ( EPA ) interaction on inducible nitric oxide synthase ( iNOS ) , PPARs alpha , beta , and gamma , and retinoic acid X receptor ( RXR ) alpha and gamma mRNA levels . 
In Expt . 
1 , macrophages were collected from broiler chicks fed 3 or 6% dietary fat ( g / 100 g ) with 0 , 25 , and 50 mg lutein / kg feed for 23 d . 
In Expt . 
2 , using a 3 x 3 factorial , eicosapentaenoic acid ( EPA ) at 0 , 15 and 50 micromol / L and lutein at 0 , 10 and 100 micromol / L were applied to HD11 cell culture for 24 h . 
In both experiments , cells were stimulated with lipopolysaccharide before RNA isolation . 
Lutein interacted with fat in Expt . 
1 and with EPA in Expt . 
2 to affect mRNA levels of iNOS , PPARgamma , and RXRalpha in chicken macrophages and HD11 cells , respectively ( P < 0 . 05 ) . 
At 3% dietary fat or up to 15 micromol / L EPA in the medium , increasing lutein increased the iNOS mRNA . 
However , at 6% dietary fat or 50 micromol / L EPA , lutein did not cause a rise in iNOS mRNA . 
Increasing lutein in the medium from 0 to 100 micromol / L decreased iNOS mRNA . 
Increasing lutein with high fat ( 6% ) or EPA ( 15 micromol / L EPA ) increased PPARgamma and RXRalpha mRNA levels . 
Lutein increased PPARalpha mRNA levels in both macrophages ( P < 0 . 01 ) and HD11 ( P = 0 . 01 ) cells and RXRgamma ( P < 0 . 01 ) mRNA levels in macrophages . 
GW9662 , a PPARgamma antagonist , prevented ( P < 0 . 01 ) the lutein-induced iNOS mRNA downregulation in HD11 cells . 
LG101208 , a RXR antagonist , prevented ( P < 0 . 01 ) iNOS upregulation induced by 10 micromol / L lutein and iNOS mRNA downregulation induced by 100 micromol / L lutein . 
We conclude that lutein and EPA interact through the PPARgamma and RXR pathways to modulate iNOS mRNA . An estrogen receptor basis for raloxifene action in bone . Ageing is associated with a deterioration of cognitive performance and with increased risk of neurodegenerative disorders . 
Hypertension is the most-prevalent modifiable risk factor for cardiovascular morbidity and mortality worldwide , and clinical data suggest that hypertension is a risk factor for Alzheimer's disease ( AD ) . 
In the present study we tested whether propranolol , a β-receptor antagonist commonly used as antihypertensive drug , could ameliorate the cognitive impairments and increases in AD-related markers shown by the senescence-accelerated mouse prone-8 ( SAMP8 ) . 
Propranolol administration ( 5 mg / kg for 3 weeks ) to 6-month-old SAMP8 mice attenuated cognitive memory impairments shown by these mice in the novel object recognition test . 
In the hippocampus of SAMP8 mice it has been found increases in Aβ ( 42 ) levels , the principal constituent of amyloid plaques observed in AD , accompanied by both an increased expression of the cleaving enzyme BACE1 and a decreased expression of the degrading enzyme IDE . 
All these effects were reversed by propranolol treatment . 
Tau hyperphosphorylation ( PHF-1 epitope ) shown by SAMP8 mice at this age was also decreased in the hippocampus of propranolol-treated mice , an effect probably related to a decrease in JNK1 expression . 
Interestingly , propranolol also phosphorylated Akt in SAMP8 mice , which was associated with an increase of glycogen synthase kinase-3β phosphorylation , contributing therefore to the reductions in Tau hyperphosphorylation . 
Synaptic pathology in SAMP8 mice , as shown by decreases in synaptophysin and BDNF , was also counteracted by propranolol treatment . 
Overall , propranolol might be beneficial in age-related brain dysfunction and could be an emerging candidate for the treatment of other neurodegenerative diseases . 
This article is part of a Special Issue entitled 'Cognitive Enhancers' . A Role for Cargo in the Activation of ADP-Ribosylation Factors ( Arf ) and Adaptor Recruitment . The human platelet antigen-1 ( HPA-1 , Pl ( A ) ) polymorphism has been proposed to influence the inhibitory actions of abciximab . 
Thus , we hypothesized that this polymorphism might also be the cause for paradoxical activation of platelets by GPIIb / IIIa inhibitors . 
The effects of abciximab ( 1-10 microg / ml ) , tirofiban ( 3-30 nM ) , or eptifibatide ( 0 . 3-3 microg / ml ) on basal and ADP ( 3 microM ) -induced CD62P externalization were measured in n = 62 healthy blood donors and n = 177 patients with stable coronary artery disease . 
All subjects were genotyped for the human platelet antigen-1 ( HPA-1 , Pl ( A ) ) polymorphism by GALIOS ( R ) and fluorescence correlation spectroscopy . 
Although a significant platelet hyperreactivity was observed in the patients , the HPA-1 genotype did not influence basal or ADP-induced CD62P expression . 
A moderate ( twofold ) stimulation of CD62P expression by abciximab but not by tirofiban or eptifibatide was observed in one patient . 
Interestingly , this patient carried the HPA-1 b / b genotype . 
In no other subject any activation of platelets by GP IIb / IIIa inhibitors was observed and there were no statistically significant differences between HPA-1 genotypes with respect to the effects of GP IIb / IIIa inhibitors on basal or ADP-stimulated CD62P expression . 
It is concluded that paradoxical platelet activation by abciximab is a rare ( <2% ) phenomenon . 
HPA-1 b / b genotype might be a contributing factor but clearly does not predict platelet activation by GP IIb / IIIa inhibitors . Environmental cues associated with nicotine delivery are an important part of the stimulus that sustains smoking behavior and is often coupled with craving and relapse; however , the neuronal circuitry and molecular substrates underlying this process are still poorly understood . 
Exposure to an environment previously associated with rewarding properties of nicotine results in an increase of CREB phosphorylation similar to that seen following nicotine administration , and this response is absent in MOR ( - / - ) mice . 
Moreover , a single administration of an opioid receptor antagonist , naloxone , blocks both the conditioned molecular response ( CREB phosphorylation ) and the conditioned behavioral response ( nicotine reward ) in a place preference paradigm . 
Lastly , repeated nicotine administration results in increased expression of MORs . 
However , this effect , along with rewarding properties of nicotine , is blocked in mice with a targeted disruption in the CREB gene . 
Together , pharmacologic and genetic manipulations indicate that phosphorylation of CREB and upregulation of functional MORs are required for nicotine-conditioned reward . X-ray crystallography and computational docking for the detection and development of protein-ligand interactions . UNLABELLED : This work was aimed to study COX-1 and COX-2 selectivity in 16 non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( NSAIDs ) , at ulcerogenic doses in 2 experimental models : 1 ) provided subcutaneously ( sc ) , after solid food ( SF ) , ( antrum ulcers and intestinal erosions ) ; and 2 ) orally ( O ) ( fundic and intestinal erosions ) . 
METHODS : 17 groups of female Wistar rats ( n = 7 each group ) , weighing 200 g , 36 h fasting with water ad libitum , were submitted to the following experiments : 1 . 
SF ( Cargill chow ) during 1 h , and then sc : 1 . 1 ml saline; 2 . 
diclofenac ( Di ) ; 3 . 
indomethacine ( Indo ) ; 4 . 
Ketorolac ( Ke ) ; 5 . 
meloxicam ( Mel ) ; 6 . 
Pyroxicam ( P ) ; 7 . 
tenoxicam ( T ) . 
The dose for the aforementioned drugs was 60 mg / kg; 8 . 
aceclofenac ( Ace ) ; 9 . 
200 mg / kg nimesulide ( Ni ) ; 10 . 
mefenamic acid ( Mac ) ; 11 . 
aspirin ( A ) ; 12 . 
etodolac ( E ) ; 13 . 
ibuprophen ( Ibu ) ; 14 . 
nabumetone ( Na ) ; 15 . 
naproxene ( Nap ) ; 16 . 
ketoprophen ( Ket ) ; 17 . 
paracetamol ( Pa ) , 500 mg / kg . 
II . 
The drugs where administered by orogastric tubing to the same groups of fasting animals . 
After 24 h the animals were killed by ether overdose . 
Laparotomy was performed and the stomach and the small intestine was removed . 
The percentage of antum ulcer , and fundic and intestinal erosion ( mm2 ) was tabulated by planimetry . 
Blood and histological samples were obtained . 
RESULTS : The NSAIDs Indo , Ibu , Ke , Ket , P and Te yielded an antrum ulcer area : 5-29% and intestinal erosion , 101-395 mm2 , similar to Indo ( p > 0 . 50 ) . 
In contrast there were neither ulcers nor intestinal erosions with Mac , A , Di , E and Nap ( p > 0 . 50 ) . 
While there were absence of ulcers with Ace , Me , Na , Ni and Pa and slight intestinal erosion ( 0-23 mm2; p < 0 . 01 ) . 
II . 
There were differences in the following oral ( NAIDs : Ace , Me , NA , Ni and Pa , yielding 0-5% fundic erosion and 0-22 mm2 intestinal erosion ( p < 0 . 001 ) . 
The other NSADs yielded 33-90% fundic erosion and 116-550 mm2 intestinal erosion , similarly to Indo ( p > 0 . 50 ) . 
HISTOLOGY : Leukocyte infiltrate in the gastrointestinal mucosa with all the NSADs , except Ibu and Pa . 
There was also neutrophilia ( 5000-20 , 000 ) , but not with Ibu and Pa ( 700-1200 ) . 
CONCLUSIONS : COX-2-COX-1 selectivity was demonstrated "in vivo" in aceclofenac , meloxicam , nabumetone , nimesulide and paracetamol . PURPOSE OF REVIEW : Arginine , often found in immunonutrition regimens , is an important modulator of immune system activation . 
However , the mechanism of how arginine may be beneficial in immunonutrition is poorly understood . 
This review details the importance of arginine , its metabolism , and ultimately , its physiologic role in critically ill and immunocompromised patients . 
RECENT FINDINGS : The metabolism of arginine is determined by the expression of the arginine metabolizing enzymes inducible nitric oxide synthase and two arginase isoforms ( arginase I and II ) . 
Inducible nitric oxide synthase is induced by T helper I cytokines ( interleukin-1 , tumor necrosis factor and gamma-interferon ) , while arginases are induced by T helper II cytokines and other immune regulators such as interleukins 4 , 10 , and 13 , transforming growth factor-beta and prostaglandin E2 . 
Endotoxin induces inducible nitric oxide synthase and arginases I and II . 
Arginase plays an important role in the production of ornithine , a precursor of proline and polyamines , both of which are necessary for cellular proliferation and wound healing . 
Arginase also induces nitric oxide synthase activity by competing for arginine availability in the extracellular environment , and producing polyamines , which may modulate macrophage activation . 
Through limitation of arginine availability in the extracellular environment , arginases also potentially regulate other 'arginine-dependent' immune functions such as T-lymphocyte activation , although this hypothesis remains to be proven . 
SUMMARY : The availability of arginine during critical illness may be regulated by arginase activity . 
Thus , arginase expression appears to be essential in the regulation of the cellular immune response and the inflammatory process during critical illness . The study objective was to investigate the potential of a beverage containing silymarin and l-arginine to alter basic physiological and urodynamic parameters in 22 normal healthy men aged 38-59years . 
The volunteers drank 500ml / day beverage without silymarin and l-arginine for 10days followed , after a 7-day washout period , by the beverage with 400mg silymarin and 295mg l-arginine for 10days . 
Blood and urine samples were collected on days 0 , 10 and 27 . 
The beverages were well-tolerated with no adverse effects . 
Most of the biochemical , hematological and urodynamic parameters remained unchanged . 
Total antioxidant capacity , total level of antioxidants , lipoperoxidation products ( malondialdehyde ) , advanced oxidation products of proteins in plasma and glutathione , glutathione peroxidase , glutathione reductase , superoxide dismutase and catalase levels in erythrocytes were not influenced . 
Serum γ-glutamyl transferase , malondialdehyde level and activity of glutathione S-transferase in erythrocytes were lowered at day 27 and the concentration of total plasma SH-groups was higher on day 10 . 
Using an ex vivo system , we found that silymarin / silybin at 10-100μM is able to adsorb onto human erythrocytes and the complexes displayed antioxidant properties as studied using ex situ square-wave voltammetry . 
The trial showed that silymarin in vivo may protect erythrocytes against oxidative damage . Differential inhibition of prostaglandin endoperoxide synthase ( cyclooxygenase ) isozymes by aspirin and other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs . Group I mGluRs evoke K-ATP current by intracellular Ca2 + mobilization in rat subthalamus neurons . The salivary fluid secretory mechanism is thought to require Na ( + ) / K ( + ) / 2Cl ( - ) cotransporter-mediated Cl ( - ) uptake . 
To directly test this possibility we studied the in vivo and in vitro functioning of acinar cells from the parotid glands of mice with targeted disruption of Na ( + ) / K ( + ) / 2Cl ( - ) cotransporter isoform 1 ( Nkcc1 ) , the gene encoding the salivary Na ( + ) / K ( + ) / 2Cl ( - ) cotransporter . 
In wild-type mice NKCC1 was localized to the basolateral membranes of parotid acinar cells , whereas expression was not detected in duct cells . 
The lack of functional NKCC1 resulted in a dramatic reduction ( >60% ) in the volume of saliva secreted in response to a muscarinic agonist , the primary in situ salivation signal . 
Consistent with defective Cl ( - ) uptake , a loss of bumetanide-sensitive Cl ( - ) influx was observed in parotid acinar cells from mice lacking NKCC1 . 
Cl ( - ) / HCO ( 3 ) ( - ) exchanger activity was increased in parotid acinar cells isolated from knockout mice suggesting that the residual saliva secreted by mice lacking NKCC1 is associated with anion exchanger-dependent Cl ( - ) uptake . 
Indeed , expression of the Cl ( - ) / HCO ( 3 ) ( - ) exchanger AE2 was enhanced suggesting that this transporter compensates for the loss of functional Na ( + ) / K ( + ) / 2Cl ( - ) cotransporter . 
Furthermore , the ability of the parotid gland to conserve NaCl was abolished in NKCC1-deficient mice . 
This deficit was not associated with changes in the morphology of the ducts , but transcript levels for the alpha- , beta- , and gamma-subunits of the epithelial Na ( + ) channel were reduced . 
These data directly demonstrate that NKCC1 is the major Cl ( - ) uptake mechanism across the basolateral membrane of acinar cells and is critical for driving saliva secretion in vivo . Two alleles of the HG1 gene , which encodes a putative GABA receptor alpha / gamma subunit , were isolated from Haemonchus contortus . 
These two alleles were shown previously to be associated with ivermectin susceptibility ( HG1A ) and resistance ( HG1E ) , respectively . 
Sequence analysis indicates that they differ in four amino acids . 
To explore the functional properties of the two alleles , a full-length cDNA encoding the beta subunit , a key functional component of the GABA receptor , was isolated from Caenorhabditis elegans ( gab-1 , corresponding to the GenBank locus ZC482 . 1 ) and coexpressed in Xenopus oocytes with the HG1 alleles . 
When gab-1 was coexpressed with either the HG1A allele or the HG1E allele in Xenopus oocytes , gamma-aminobutyric acid ( GABA ) -responsive channels with different sensitivity to the agonist were formed . 
The effects of ivermectin on the hetero-oligomeric receptors were determined . 
Application of ivermectin alone had no effect on the receptors . 
However , when coapplied with 10 micro m GABA , ivermectin potentiated the GABA-evoked current of the GAB-1 / HG1A receptor , but attenuated the GABA response of the GAB-1 / HG1E receptor . 
We demonstrated that the coexpressed HG1 and GAB-1 receptors are GABA-responsive , and provide evidence for the possible involvement of GABA receptors in the mechanism of ivermectin resistance . HISTONE DEACETYLASE INHIBITION AFFECTS SODIUM IODIDE SYMPORTER ( NIS ) EXPRESSION AND INDUCES ¹³¹I CYTOTOXICITY IN ANAPLASTIC THYROID CANCER CELLS . A cyclodextrin-capped histone deacetylase inhibitor . Sphingosine-1-phosphate ( S1P ) is a well-known signaling sphingolipid and bioactive lipid mediator . 
Recently , it was reported that S1P inhibits osteoclast differentiation and bone resorption . 
On the other hand , S1P effects on osteoblasts and bone formation are little known . 
In this study , we investigated the effects of S1P on osteoblasts , using two osteoblast-like cell lines , SaOS-2 and MC3T3-E1 . 
S1P activated phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase ( PI3K ) / Akt signaling , leading to the inhibition of glycogen synthase kinase-3β and the nuclear translocation of β-catenin , followed by the increase of the transcriptional activity by β-catenin / T-cell factor complex formation in both SaOS-2 cells and MC3T3-E1 cells . 
The inhibitors of PI3K and Akt suppressed S1P-induced nuclear localization of β-catenin . 
We further investigated the effects of PI3K / Akt signaling on the Wnt / β-catenin signaling pathway , since β-catenin takes a central role in this signaling pathway . 
Both inhibitors for PI3K and Akt suppressed the nuclear localization of β-catenin and T-cell factor transcriptional activity induced by Wnt-3a . 
S1P increased the amount of osteoprotegerin at both mRNA and protein levels , and increased the activity of alkaline phosphatase , leading to the mineralization . 
These findings suggest that S1P activates the PI3K / Akt signaling pathway leading to the promotion of nuclear translocation of β-catenin in osteoblast-like cells , resulting in the upregulation of osteoptotegerin and osteoblast differentiation markers including alkaline phosphatase , probably relating to the inhibition of osteoclast formation and the mineralization , respectively . Pneumocystis jiroveci dihydropteroate synthase gene mutations among colonized individuals and Pneumocystis pneumonia patients from Spain . Besifloxacin is a novel fluoroquinolone that , like other fluoroquinolones , acts by inhibiting the essential bacterial enzymes DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV . 
Topical besifloxacin ophthalmic suspension 0 . 6% is indicated for use in patients with bacterial conjunctivitis caused by susceptible bacteria . 
Besifloxacin had in vitro activity against a broad spectrum of Gram-positive and -negative bacteria that commonly cause ocular infections ( e . 
g . 
Haemophilus influenzae , Staphylococcus aureus , S . 
epidermidis and Streptococcus pneumoniae ) , including drug-resistant strains . 
In two randomized , double-blind , multicentre trials , besifloxacin ophthalmic suspension 0 . 6% administered at the recommended dose for 5 days in patients aged > or = 1 year with bacterial conjunctivitis was significantly ( p < 0 . 01 ) more effective than vehicle in terms of clinical resolution and microbial eradication rates ( coprimary endpoints ) at study visit two ( day 5 + / -1 ) or three ( day 8 or 9 ) [ primary timepoints ] . 
Besifloxacin ophthalmic suspension 0 . 6% was noninferior to moxifloxacin ophthalmic solution 0 . 5% in patients aged > or = 1 year with bacterial conjunctivitis with regard to clinical resolution ( 58 . 3% vs 59 . 4% ) and microbial eradication ( 93 . 3% vs 91 . 1% ) rates on day 5 + / - 1 of treatment ( coprimary endpoints ) in a randomized , double-blind , multicentre trial; both drugs were administered at a dosage of one drop in the affected eye ( s ) three times daily for 5 days . 
Besifloxacin ophthalmic suspension 0 . 6% was generally well tolerated in clinical trials , with most adverse events being mild in severity . 
The tolerability profile of besifloxacin ophthalmic suspension 0 . 6% was similar to that of moxifloxacin ophthalmic solution 0 . 5% . Androgen / androgen receptor pathway regulates expression of the genes for cyclooxygenase-2 and amphiregulin in periovulatory granulosa cells . Ziprasidone-induced galactorrhea : a case report . Polo-like kinase-2 ( Plk-2 ) is a potential therapeutic target for Parkinson's disease and this Letter describes the SAR of a series of dihydropteridinone based Plk-2 inhibitors . 
By optimizing both the N-8 substituent and the biaryl region of the inhibitors we obtained single digit nanomolar compounds such as 37 with excellent selectivity for Plk-2 over Plk-1 . 
When dosed orally in rats , compound 37 demonstrated a 41-45% reduction of pS129-α-synuclein levels in the cerebral cortex . Glycogen synthase kinase 3β ( GSK-3β ) is widely recognised as a relevant player in the pathogenesis of several highly prevalent disorders such as Alzheimer's disease , mood disorders , diabetes and cancer . 
Therefore , this enzyme constitutes a highly attractive therapeutic target for the development of selective inhibitors as new promising drugs for the treatment of these pathologies . 
We describe here the isolation and biochemical characterization of the marine natural sesquiterpene palinurin as a GSK-3β inhibitor . 
Experimental studies performed for characterizing the inhibitory mechanism indicate that GSK-3β inhibition by palinurin cannot be competed out by ATP nor peptide substrate . 
Molecular modelling techniques have enabled us to propose an unconventional binding mode to GSK-3β . 
Moreover , molecular dynamics simulations have identified an allosteric mechanism by which binding of palinurin leads to GSK-3β inhibition . 
The inhibitory activities determined for a series of structurally related analogues support the proposed binding mode of palinurin , which is the first compound described to target this allosteric site . 
The results offer new opportunities for designing and developing selective inhibitors with novel mechanisms of action . Relaxant and beta 2-adrenoceptor blocking activities of labetalol , dilevalol , amosulalol and KF-4317 on the rat isolated aorta . Surgical trauma induces iron accumulation and oxidative stress in a rodent model of postoperative cognitive dysfunction . High multivitamin intake ( HV ) during pregnancy increases body fat and weight and alters glucose and fatty acid metabolism in Wistar rat offspring . 
This study investigated the expression of peroxisome-proliferator activated receptors ( PPARs ) genes involved in regulation of glucose and fatty acid metabolism in their tissues . 
Dams received the AIN-93G diet with either the regular ( RV ) or 10-fold multivitamins ( HV ) during pregnancy . 
Male offspring were weaned to either the RV diet ( RV-RV and HV-RV ) or an obesogenic diet ( RV-Ob and HV-Ob ) . 
Gene expression of PPARs in tissues was analyzed by real-time reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction . 
Gestational diet ( GD ) did not affect PPARs gene expression in offspring at either birth or weaning . 
In liver , at 14 weeks postweaning , PPAR-γ was 30% lower in the HV-RV and 30% higher in HV-Ob than in the RV-RV group [ GD P = . 76 , postweaning diet ( PD ) P = . 19 , interaction P = . 02 , by two-way analysis of variance ] . 
In muscle , PPAR-α expression was affected by GD and PD ( GD P = . 05 , PD P< . 01 , interaction P = . 07 ) . 
In adipose tissue , PPAR-α expression was higher in all groups compared to RV-RV ( GD P = . 25 , PD P = . 85 , interaction P = . 03 ) . 
PPAR-γ mRNA levels correlated with abdominal fat ( r = 0 . 45 , P< . 05 ) and insulin resistance index ( r = 0 . 39 , P< . 05 ) . 
In liver , PPAR-γ expression correlated with insulin resistance index in offspring from RV ( r = -0 . 62 , P< . 05 ) , but not in those from HV dams ( r = 0 . 13 , P> . 05 ) . 
In conclusion , the HV diet during pregnancy interacts with postweaning diets in determining the expression of PPARs genes in a tissue- and age-dependent manner and uncouples the relationship between these genes and glucose regulation and fat mass in the rat offspring . In this study , the in vivo effects of a purified saponin mixture ( PSM ) , obtained from Astragalus corniculatus Bieb . 
, were investigated using two in vivo hepatotoxicity models based on liver damage caused by paracetamol ( PC ) and carbon tetrachloride ( CCl4 ) . 
The effects of PSM were compared with silymarin . 
Male Wistar rats were challenged orally with 20% CCl4 or PC ( 2 g / kg ) four days after being pre-treated with PSM ( 100 mg / kg ) or silymarin ( 200 mg / kg ) . 
A significant decrease of aspartate aminotransferase , alanine aminotransferase , lactate dehydrogenase ( LDH ) activities and glutathione ( GSH ) levels and an increase of malondialdehyde ( MDA ) quantity was observed after CCl4 and PC administration alone . 
PSM pre-treatment decreased serum transaminases and LDH activities and MDA levels and increased the levels of cell protector GSH . 
Biotransformation phase I enzymes were also assessed in both models . 
In the CCl4 hepatotoxicity model , pre-treatment with PSM or silymarin resulted in significantly increased activities of ethylmorphine-N-demethylase and aniline 4-hydroxylase activity and cytochrome P450 , compared to the CCl4 only group . 
Neither silymarin nor PSM influenced PC biotransformation . 
Our results suggest that PSM , obtained from A . 
corniculatus , Bieb . 
showed in vivo hepatoprotective and antioxidant activities against CCl4 and PC-induced liver damage comparable to that of silymarin . 
Copyright © 2012 John Wiley & Sons , Ltd . Neuroinflammation and oxidative stress are believed to be contributing factors to neurodegeneration in normal aging , as well as in age-related neurological disorders . 
Reactive microglia are found in increased numbers in aging brain and are prominently associated with lesions in such age-related degenerative conditions as Alzheimer's disease ( AD ) , Parkinson's disease ( PD ) and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( ALS ) . 
In vitro , stimulated microglia or microglial-like cells secrete neurotoxic materials and are generators of free radicals through their respiratory burst system . 
Agents that suppress microglial activation are therefore candidates for neuroprotection . 
We have developed quantitative in vitro assays for measuring neurotoxicity of microglia or other mononuclear phagocytes . 
Neuronal like SH-SY5Y cells are cultured in supernatants from activated cells of the human monocytic THP-1 line and their survival is followed . 
Respiratory burst is directly measured on the activated cells . 
We tested inhibitors of the cyclooxygenase ( COX ) or the 5-lipoxygenase ( 5-LOX ) pathways as possible neuroprotective agents . 
The COX pathway generates inflammatory prostaglandins , while the 5-LOX pathway generates inflammatory leukotrienes . 
We found that inhibitors of both these pathways suppressed neurotoxicity in a dose-dependent fashion . 
They included the COX-1 inhibitor indomethacin; the COX-2 inhibitor NS-398; the mixed COX-1 / COX-2 inhibitor ibuprofen; the nitric oxide ( NO ) derivatives of indomethacin , ibuprofen and flurbiprofen; the 5-LOX inhibitor REV 5901; and the 5-LOX activating protein ( FLAP ) inhibitor MK-886 . 
The FLAP inhibitor also reduced respiratory burst activity in a more potent manner than indomethacin . 
Combinations of COX and 5-LOX inhibitors were more effective than single inhibitors . 
The data suggest that both COX inhibitors and 5-LOX inhibitors may be neuroprotective in vivo by suppressing toxic actions of microglia / macrophages , and that combinations of the two might have greater therapeutic potential than single inhibitors of either class . Biogenic amines content as a measure of the quality of wines of Abruzzo ( Italy ) . Melatonin , an endogenous-specific inhibitor of estrogen receptor alpha via calmodulin . N-sulfonylated and N-alkylated carprofen derivatives were investigated for their inhibition and modulation of gamma-secretase , which is associated with Alzheimer's disease . 
The introduction of a lipophilic substituent transformed the COX-2 inhibitor carprofen into a potent gamma-secretase modulator . 
Several compounds ( e . 
g . 
, 9p , 11f ) caused selective reduction of Abeta42 and an increase of Abeta38 . 
The most active compounds displayed activities in the low micromolar range and no effect on the gamma-secretase cleavage at the e-site . Human growth hormone ( hGH ) elicits a diverse set of biological activities including lactation that derives from binding to the prolactin ( PRL ) receptor . 
The binding affinity of hGH for the extracellular binding domain of the hPRL receptor ( hPRLbp ) was increased about 8000-fold by addition of 50 micromolar ZnCl2 . 
Zinc was not required for binding of hGH to the hGH binding protein ( hGHbp ) or for binding of hPRL to the hPRLbp . 
Other divalent metal ions ( Ca2 + , Mg2 + , Cu2 + , Mn2 + , and Co2 + ) at physiological concentrations did not support such strong binding . 
Scatchard analysis indicated a stoichiometry of one Zn2 + per hGH . 
hPRLbp complex . 
Mutational analysis showed that a cluster of three residues ( His18 , His21 , and Glu174 ) in hGH and His188 from the hPRLbp ( conserved in all PRL receptors but not GH receptors ) are probable Zn2 + ligands . 
This polypeptide hormone . 
receptor "zinc sandwich" provides a molecular mechanism to explain why nonprimate GHs are not lactogenic and offers a molecular link between zinc deficiency and its association with altered functions of hGH . Dasatinib ( BMS-354825 ) inhibits KITD816V , an imatinib-resistant activating mutation that triggers neoplastic growth in most patients with systemic mastocytosis . Effect of fenoterol-induced constitutive beta ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor activity on contractile receptor function in airway smooth muscle . Nonsedating histamine H1-receptor antagonists . Repeated potentiation of the metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 and the alpha 7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor modulates behavioural and GABAergic deficits induced by early postnatal phencyclidine ( PCP ) treatment . Synthesis and Biological Evaluation of Urea Derivatives as Highly Potent and Selective Rho Kinase Inhibitors . Influence of triterpenoids present in apple peel on inflammatory gene expression associated with inflammatory bowel disease ( IBD ) . Protection conferred by selenium deficiency against aflatoxin B1 in the rat is associated with the hepatic expression of an aldo-keto reductase and a glutathione S-transferase subunit that metabolize the mycotoxin . Determination of the class and isoform selectivity of small-molecule histone deacetylase inhibitors . GLP-1 receptor activated insulin secretion from pancreatic β-cells : mechanism and glucose dependence . Sodium arsenite induces cyclooxygenase-2 expression in human uroepithelial cells through MAPK pathway activation and reactive oxygen species induction . The amiloride-sensitive epithelial Na ( + ) channel ( ENaC ) controls Na ( + ) transport into cells and across epithelia . 
So far , four homologous subunits of mammalian ENaC have been isolated and are denoted as alpha , beta , gamma , and delta . 
ENaCdelta can associate with beta and gamma subunits and generate a constitutive current that is 2 orders of magnitude larger than that of homomeric ENaCdelta . 
However , the distribution pattern of ENaCdelta is not consistent with that of the beta and gamma subunits . 
ENaCdelta is expressed mainly in the brain in contrast to beta and gamma subunits , which are expressed in non-neuronal tissues . 
To explain this discrepancy , we searched for novel functional properties of homomeric ENaCdelta and investigated the detailed tissue distribution in humans . 
When human ENaCdelta was expressed in Xenopus oocytes and Chinese hamster ovary cells , a reduction of extracellular pH activated this channel ( half-maximal pH for an activation of 5 . 0 ) , and the acid-induced current was abolished by amiloride . 
The most striking finding was that the desensitization of the acid-evoked current was much slower ( by approximately 10% 120 s later ) , dissociating from the kinetics of acid-sensing ion channels in the degenerin / epithelial Na ( + ) channel family , which were rapidly desensitized during acidification . 
RNA dot-blot analyses showed that ENaCdelta mRNA was widely distributed throughout the brain and was also expressed in the heart , kidney , and pancreas in humans . 
Northern blotting confirmed that ENaCdelta was expressed in the cerebellum and the hippocampus . 
In conclusion , human ENaCdelta activity is regulated by protons , indicating that it may contribute to the pH sensation and / or pH regulation in the human brain . The anti-apoptotic molecule , Bcl-2 , is well known to play an important role in the chemoresistance of breast cancer . 
We have previously demonstrated that phosphorylation of Fas-associated death domain-containing protein ( FADD ) at 194 serine through c-jun NH2-terminal kinase ( JNK ) activation sensitizes breast cancer cells to chemotherapy through accelerating cell cycle arrest at G2 / M , and that Bcl-2 phosphorylation downstream of JNK / FADD plays an important role in cell growth suppression by paclitaxel . 
In this study , the clinicopathological association of phosphorylated Bcl-2 ( P-Bcl-2 ) with estrogen , progesterone , c-erbB-2 receptors , p53 expressions and phosphorylated FADD / JNK ( P-FADD / JNK ) was analyzed immunohistochemically using 107 human breast cancer specimens . 
Expression of P-Bcl-2 was found to significantly correlate with lymphatic invasion , lymph node metastasis , but not histological differentiation , tumor grade or vascular and fatty invasion . 
The positivity of P-Bcl-2 was also significantly correlated to that of P-FADD / JNK . 
Thus , P-Bcl-2 as well as the P-FADD / JNK parameter might be useful markers for cancer progression , independent of the hormone receptor status , in human breast cancers . Changes in morphometry and association between whole-body fatty acids and steroid hormone profiles in relation to bioaccumulation patterns in salmon larvae exposed to perfluorooctane sulfonic or perfluorooctane carboxylic acids . d-Amino acid oxidase ( DAAO ) catalyzes the oxidation of d-amino acids including d-serine , a coagonist of the N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor . 
We identified a series of 4-hydroxypyridazin-3 ( 2H ) -one derivatives as novel DAAO inhibitors with high potency and substantial cell permeability using fragment-based drug design . 
Comparisons of complex structures deposited in the Protein Data Bank as well as those determined with in-house fragment hits revealed that a hydrophobic subpocket was formed perpendicular to the flavin ring by flipping Tyr224 in a ligand-dependent manner . 
We investigated the ability of the initial fragment hit , 3-hydroxy-pyridine-2 ( 1H ) -one , to fill this subpocket with the aid of complex structure information . 
3-Hydroxy-5- ( 2-phenylethyl ) pyridine-2 ( 1H ) -one exhibited the predicted binding mode and demonstrated high inhibitory activity for human DAAO in enzyme- and cell-based assays . 
We further designed and synthesized 4-hydroxypyridazin-3 ( 2H ) -one derivatives , which are equivalent to the 3-hydroxy-pyridine-2 ( 1H ) -one series but lack cell toxicity . 
6- [ 2- ( 3 , 5-Difluorophenyl ) ethyl ] -4-hydroxypyridazin-3 ( 2H ) -one was found to be effective against MK-801-induced cognitive deficit in the Y-maze . Hydrogen sulfide ( H ( 2 ) S ) was recently discovered to be synthesized in mammalian tissues by several different enzymes . 
Numerous studies have shown that H ( 2 ) S has vasodilator and antihypertensive effects in the cardiovascular system . 
However , intracellular mechanisms of the H ( 2 ) S-induced vasodilation and its interactions with other endothelium-derived relaxing factors , such as nitric oxide ( NO ) , remain unclear . 
We investigated whether H ( 2 ) S directly regulates endothelial NO synthase ( eNOS ) activity and NO production in endothelial cells . 
NaHS , a H ( 2 ) S donor , dose-dependently increased NO production in cultured endothelial cells . 
This effect was abolished by a calcium chelator ( BAPTA-AM ) , but not by the absence of extracellular calcium . 
The NaHS-induced NO production was partially blocked by inhibitors of ryanodine receptor ( dantrolene ) or inositol 1 , 4 , 5-triphosphate receptor ( xestospongin C ) . 
NaHS significantly increased intracellular calcium concentrations , and this effect was attenuated by dantrolene or xestospongin C . 
NaHS induced phosphorylation of eNOS at the activating phosphoserine residue 1179 . 
The NaHS-induced eNOS phosphorylation and NO production were not affected by a PI3K / Akt inhibitor ( wortmannin ) . 
The data of this study suggest that H ( 2 ) S directly acts on endothelial cells to induce eNOS activation and NO production by releasing calcium from the intracellular store in endoplasmic reticulum , which may explain one of mechanisms of its vasodilator function . Crystal structure of the pyridoxal-5'-phosphate-dependent serine dehydratase from human liver . Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease : current issues and novel treatment approaches . Propylthiouracil ( PTU ) is recommended as a first-line antithyroid drug ( ATD ) during first trimester organogenesis in pregnancy because recent evidence suggests that methimazole ( MMI ) may be associated with congenital anomalies . 
However , PTU more commonly causes myeloperoxidase ( MPO ) -antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody ( ANCA ) -associated vasculitis , which usually occurs during prolonged treatment , compared with MMI . 
We report a case of MPO-ANCA-associated vasculitis in a 35-year-old woman with Graves'disease . 
Although her thyroid function could be maintained euthyroid by MMI , her ATD was switched to PTU because she wished to become pregnant . 
The patient presented with flu-like symptoms 8 days after starting PTU and developed hemoptysis and dyspnea at 22 days . 
Her MPO-ANCA titer was 21 ELISA units ( EUs ) before PTU treatment but increased to 259 EUs at 22 days after PTU treatment . 
Her clinical condition improved with the discontinuation of PTU and with immunosuppressive therapy . 
This case indicated that MPO-ANCA vasculitis occurred within several weeks after the initiation of PTU and that this side effect could be caused by the change from MMI to PTU . 
Thus , our clinical observation suggests that patients treated with PTU should be carefully monitored for MPO-ANCA titers and variable manifestations of MPO-ANCA-associated vasculitis regardless of the period of administration . Role of neo-adjuvant hormonal therapy in the treatment of breast cancer : a review of clinical trials . 2- [ ( Diphenylmethyl ) sulfinyl ] acetamide ( modafinil ) , prescribed principally to treat narcolepsy , is undergoing assessment for other neuropsychiatric disorders and medical conditions . 
The neurochemical substrates of modafinil are unresolved . 
We postulated that modafinil enhances wakefulness by modulating dopamine ( DAT ) , norepinephrine ( NET ) , or serotonin ( SERT ) transporter activities . 
In vivo , we determined DAT and NET occupancy by modafinil by positron emission tomography imaging; in vitro , we determined modafinil activity at the DAT , NET , SERT , and rhesus monkey trace amine receptor 1 ( TA1 ) . 
In rhesus monkey , modafinil occupancy of striatal DAT was detected by [ ( 11 ) C ] 2beta-carbomethoxy-3beta-4- ( fluorophenyl ) tropane and of thalamic NET by [ ( 11 ) C ] ( S , S ) -2- ( alpha- ( 2-methoxyphenoxy ) -benzyl ) morpholine . 
In vitro , modafinil effects in DAT-human embryonic kidney ( HEK ) , NET-HEK , and SERT-HEK cells were investigated alone or combined with the TA1 receptor . 
Modafinil ( i . 
v . 
) occupied striatal DAT sites ( 5 mg / kg : 35 + / - 12% , n = 4; 8 mg / kg : 54 + / - 3% , n = 3 ) . 
In thalamus , modafinil occupied NET sites ( 5 mg / kg : 16 + / - 7 . 8% , n = 6; 8 mg / kg : 44 + / - 12%; n = 2 ) . 
In vitro , modafinil inhibited [ ( 3 ) H ] dopamine ( IC ( 50 ) = 6 . 4 microM ) , [ ( 3 ) H ] norepinephrine ( IC ( 50 ) = 35 . 6 microM ) , and [ ( 3 ) H ] serotonin ( IC ( 50 ) > 500 microM ) transport via the human DAT , NET , and SERT . 
Modafinil did not activate the TA1 receptor in TA1-HEK cells , but it augmented a monoamine transporter-dependent enhancement of phenethylamine activation of TA1 in TA1-DAT and TA1-NET cells , but not in TA1-SERT cells . 
The present data provide compelling evidence that modafinil occupies the DAT and NET in living brain of rhesus monkeys and raise the possibility that modafinil affects wakefulness by interacting with catecholamine transporters in brain . Comparison of cyclooxygenase inhibitory activity and ocular anti-inflammatory effects of ketorolac tromethamine and bromfenac sodium . Intrauterine pressure , ischemia markers , and experienced pain during administration of a vasopressin V1a receptor antagonist in spontaneous and vasopressin-induced dysmenorrhea . Iodine-129 microdosing for protein and peptide drug development : erythropoietin as a case study . The interaction of isopenicillin N synthase with homologated substrate analogues δ- ( L-α-aminoadipoyl ) -L-homocysteinyl-D-Xaa characterised by protein crystallography . Compared pharmacological characteristics in humans of racemic cetirizine and levocetirizine , two histamine H1-receptor antagonists . Mutations in the alanine-glyoxylate amino transferase gene ( AGXT ) are responsible for primary hyperoxaluria type I , a rare disease characterized by excessive hepatic oxalate production that leads to renal failure . 
We generated a null mutant mouse by targeted mutagenesis of the homologous gene , Agxt , in embryonic stem cells . 
Mutant mice developed normally , and they exhibited hyperoxaluria and crystalluria . 
Approximately half of the male mice in mixed genetic background developed calcium oxalate urinary stones . 
Severe nephrocalcinosis and renal failure developed after enhancement of oxalate production by ethylene glycol administration . 
Hepatic expression of human AGT1 , the protein encoded by AGXT , by adenoviral vector-mediated gene transfer in Agxt ( - / - ) mice normalized urinary oxalate excretion and prevented oxalate crystalluria . 
Subcellular fractionation and immunofluorescence studies revealed that , as in the human liver , the expressed wild-type human AGT1 was predominantly localized in mouse hepatocellular peroxisomes , whereas the most common mutant form of AGT1 ( G170R ) was localized predominantly in the mitochondria . The Felidae family represents a challenge for molecular phylogenetic reconstruction because it consists of 38 living species that evolved from a relatively recent common ancestor ( 10-15 million years ago ) . 
We have determined mitochondrial DNA sequences from two genes that evolve at relatively rapid evolutionary rates , 16S rRNA ( 379 bp ) and NADH dehydrogenase subunit 5 ( NADH-5 , 318 bp ) , from multiple individuals of 35 species . 
Based on separate and combined gene analyses using minimum evolution , maximum parsimony , and maximum likelihood phylogenetic methods , we recognized eight significant clusters or species clades that likely reflect separate monophyletic evolutionary radiations in the history of this family . 
The clusters include ( 1 ) ocelot lineage , ( 2 ) domestic cat lineage , ( 3 ) Panthera genus , ( 4 ) puma group , ( 5 ) Lynx genus , ( 6 ) Asian leopard cat group , ( 7 ) caracal group , and ( 8 ) bay cat group . 
The results confirm and extend previously hypothesized associations in most cases , but in others , e . 
g . 
, the bay cat group , suggest novel phylogenetic relationships . 
The results are compared and evaluated with molecular , cytogenetic , and morphological data to derive a phylogenetic synthesis of field evolutionary history . Distinct functional characteristics of levocabastine sensitive rat neurotensin NT2 receptor expressed in Chinese hamster ovary cells . Transport Function and Transcriptional Regulation of a Liver-Enriched Human Organic Anion Transporting Polypeptide 2B1 Transcriptional Start Site Variant . X-ray structure analysis of a solid solution of milbemycins A3 and A4 . Vitamin E plays an essential role in maintaining the structure and function of the nervous system , and its deficiency , commonly associated with fat malabsorption diseases , may reduce neuronal survival . 
We previously demonstrated that the somatostatinergic system , implicated in neuronal survival control , can be modulated by α-tocopherol in the rat dentate gyrus , increasing cyclic adenosine monophosphate response element binding protein phosphorylation . 
To gain a better understanding of the molecular actions of tocopherols and examine the link among vitamin E , somatostatin and neuronal survival , we have investigated the effects of a deficiency and subsequent administration of tocopherol on the somatostatin signaling pathway and neuronal survival in the rat hippocampus . 
No changes in somatostatin expression were detected in vitamin-E-deficient rats . 
These rats , however , showed a significant increase in the somatostatin receptor density and dissociation constant , which correlated with a significant increase in the protein levels of somatostatin receptors . 
Nevertheless , vitamin E deficiency impaired the ability of the somatostatin receptors to couple to the effectors adenylyl cyclase and phosphotyrosine phosphatase by diminishing Gi protein functionality . 
Furthermore , vitamin E deficiency significantly increased phosphotyrosine phosphatase activity and PTPη expression , as well as PKCδ activation , and decreased extracellular-signal-regulated kinase phosphorylation . 
All these changes were accompanied by an increase in neuronal cell death . 
Subsequent α-tocopherol administration partially or completely reversed all these values to control levels . 
Altogether , our results prove the importance of vitamin E homeostasis in the somatostatin receptor-effector system and suggest a possible mechanism by which this vitamin may regulate the neuronal cell survival in the adult hippocampus . Mercury induces the expression of cyclooxygenase-2 and inducible nitric oxide synthase . OBJECTIVE : To determine the relative beta1-selectivity of three beta-blockers ( nebivolol , bisoprolol and atenolol ) , administered orally at normal therapeutic doses , by assessing their impact on the beta2-mediated , haemodynamic and biochemical responses to a terbutaline infusion , which decreases serum potassium and increases serum glucose and insulin . 
METHODS : Twenty-four healthy volunteers ( 14 men , 10 women ) , with no history of respiratory disease , attended on five separate occasions; beta-blockers ( nebivolol 5 mg , bisoprolol 10 mg , atenolol 50 and 100 mg ) or placebo were supplied in random order . 
Three baseline blood samples were collected at 65-85 min post-beta-blocker . 
A 60-min terbutaline infusion was started 90 min after taking the beta-blocker . 
Blood samples were taken and blood pressure and heart rate recorded at 15 min intervals up to 30-min post-infusion . 
Blood samples were analysed for serum potassium , glucose and insulin concentrations . 
RESULTS : Terbutaline increased heart rate . 
Pretreatment with nebivolol caused a modest and non-significant reduction in terbutaline-induced tachycardia whilst bisoprolol produced a more marked effect . 
Atenolol at both 50 and 100 mg doses caused a highly significant reduction in terbutaline-induced tachycardia . 
All active preparations had a comparable impact on the terbutaline-induced increase in systolic blood pressure , but the drugs had no impact on the changes produced in diastolic blood pressure . 
After pretreatment with placebo , the terbutaline infusion caused a significant decrease in serum potassium and increases in serum glucose and insulin . 
Pretreatment with nebivolol had no discernible effect on potassium compared with placebo . 
In contrast , when compared with either placebo or nebivolol , bisoprolol ( P < 0 . 01 ) and both doses of atenolol ( P < 0 . 001 ) significantly attenuated the hypokalaemic effect of terbutaline . 
Treatment with nebivolol and bisoprolol modestly but significantly reduced the terbutaline-induced increases in glucose ( P < 0 . 05 ) . 
The blocking effects of both doses of atenolol were highly significant ( P < 0 . 001 ) when compared with placebo and also significant ( P < 0 . 05 and P < 0 . 01 , respectively ) when compared with nebivolol and bisoprolol . 
A similar pattern of responses with the different beta-blocker treatments was observed for the effects on insulin concentrations during the terbutaline infusion . 
CONCLUSION : The beta1-selectivity of three different beta1-blockers has been demonstrated in healthy volunteers using the blocking of biochemical and haemodynamic responses to a beta2 stimulus . 
Terbutaline alone caused an increase in heart rate , a rise in systolic blood pressure , a fall in serum potassium and a rise in both serum glucose and insulin . 
In this study , for both haemodynamic and biochemical responses , atenolol 100 mg had the greatest beta2-blocking effect , nebivolol 5 mg the least . 
Bisoprolol 10 mg and atenolol 50 mg had intermediate effects; bisoprolol was the more beta1-selective of these two . Agonists activating β ( 2 ) -adrenoceptors ( β ( 2 ) ARs ) on airway smooth muscle ( ASM ) are the drug of choice for rescue from acute bronchoconstriction in patients with both asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( COPD ) . 
Moreover , the use of long-acting β-agonists combined with inhaled corticosteroids constitutes an important maintenance therapy for these diseases . 
β-Agonists are effective bronchodilators due primarily to their ability to antagonize ASM contraction . 
The presumed cellular mechanism of action involves the generation of intracellular cAMP , which in turn can activate the effector molecules cAMP-dependent protein kinase ( PKA ) and Epac . 
Other agents such as prostaglandin E ( 2 ) and phosphodiesterase inhibitors that also increase intracellular cAMP levels in ASM , can also antagonize ASM contraction , and inhibit other ASM functions including proliferation and migration . 
Therefore , β ( 2 ) ARs and cAMP are key players in combating the pathophysiology of airway narrowing and remodeling . 
However , limitations of β-agonist therapy due to drug tachyphylaxis related to β ( 2 ) AR desensitization , and recent findings regarding the manner in which β ( 2 ) ARs and cAMP signal , have raised new and interesting questions about these well-studied molecules . 
In this review we discuss current concepts regarding β ( 2 ) ARs and cAMP in the regulation of ASM cell functions and their therapeutic roles in asthma and COPD . Sponge-like porous Ni ( OH ) ( 2 ) -NiF ( 2 ) composite ( PNC ) film was successfully synthesized by the anodization of nickel in a NH ( 4 ) F and H ( 3 ) PO ( 4 ) containing electrolyte . 
Thanks to the good conductivity and the highly porous architecture , PNC exhibited not only a high specific capacitance , but also a superior rate capability and a good cyclability ( 2090 F g ( -1 ) at 10 mV s ( -1 ) , capacitance >1200 F g ( -1 ) at 100 A g ( -1 ) after 2000 cycles ) . 
Anodization of nickel is proven to be fast and facile and can be easily scaled up . 
The method described here is promising for the fabrication of supercapacitor electrodes with excellent performance . The structure of serine palmitoyltransferase; gateway to sphingolipid biosynthesis . Phase II study of Dutasteride for recurrent prostate cancer during androgen deprivation therapy . An international case-control study of glutathione transferase and functionally related polymorphisms and risk of primary adult brain tumors . Cognitive deficits in schizophrenia are critically important predictors of long-term psychosocial outcome and are not significantly ameliorated by currently available medications . 
Cognitive remediation training has shown promise for alleviating cognitive symptoms of schizophrenia , but the clinical significance has often been limited by small effect sizes . 
Approaches that achieve larger improvement involve time requirements that can be cost-prohibitive within the current clinical care system . 
This mini-review evaluates the theoretical potential of a pharmacological enhancement strategy of cognitive remediation training with nicotinic acetylcholine receptor ( nAChR ) agonists . 
nAChR agonists can facilitate sensory processing , alertness , attention , learning and memory . 
While these effects may be too subtle and short-lasting to be of clinical relevance as a primary treatment of cognitive deficits , they constitute an ideal effects profile for enhancing training benefits . 
Several mechanisms are described through which repeated coupling of cognitive training challenges with nAChR stimulation may enhance and accelerate cognitive remediation training effects , advancing such interventions into more effective and practicable treatments of some of the most debilitating symptoms of schizophrenia . 
This article is part of a Special Issue entitled 'Cognitive Enhancers' . RATIONALE : The head-twitch response ( HTR ) is a rapid side-to-side rotational head movement that occurs in rats and mice after administration of serotonergic hallucinogens and other 5-HT ( 2A ) agonists . 
The HTR is widely used as a behavioral assay for 5-HT ( 2A ) activation and to probe for interactions between the 5-HT ( 2A ) receptor and other transmitter systems . 
OBJECTIVE : High-speed video recordings were used to analyze the head movement that occurs during head twitches in C57BL / 6J mice . 
Experiments were also conducted in C57BL / 6J mice to determine whether a head-mounted magnet and a magnetometer coil could be used to detect the HTR induced by serotonergic hallucinations based on the dynamics of the response . 
RESULTS : Head movement during the HTR was highly rhythmic and occurred within a specific frequency range ( mean head movement frequency of 90 . 3 Hz ) . 
Head twitches produced wave-like oscillations of magnetometer coil voltage that matched the frequency of head movement during the response . 
The magnetometer coil detected the HTR induced by the serotonergic hallucinogens 2 , 5-dimethoxy-4-iodoamphetamine ( DOI; 0 . 25 , 0 . 5 , and 1 . 0 mg / kg , i . 
p . 
) and lysergic acid diethylamide ( LSD; 0 . 05 , 0 . 1 , 0 . 2 , and 0 . 4 mg / kg , i . 
p . 
) with extremely high sensitivity and specificity . 
Magnetometer coil recordings demonstrated that the non-hallucinogenic compounds ( + ) -amphetamine ( 2 . 5 and 5 . 0 mg / kg , i . 
p . 
) and lisuride ( 0 . 8 , 1 . 6 , and 3 . 2 mg / kg , i . 
p . 
) did not induce the HTR . 
CONCLUSIONS : These studies confirm that a magnetometer coil can be used to detect the HTR induced by hallucinogens . 
The use of magnetometer-based HTR detection provides a high-throughput , semi-automated assay for this behavior , and offers several advantages over traditional assessment methods . Design , synthesis , in vitro MAO-B inhibitory evaluation , and computational studies of some 6-nitrobenzothiazole-derived semicarbazones . The present work was undertaken to evaluate the protective effect of an aqueous extract of green tea ( GT , Camellia sinensis ) leaves against arsenic ( NaAsO2 ) -induced biochemical toxicity and lipid peroxidation production in experimental rats . 
The treatment with arsenic exhibited a significant increase in some serum hepatic and renal biochemical parameters ( alanine aminotransferase , aspartate aminotransferase , alkaline phosphatase , total protein , albumin , bilirubin , cholesterol , urea and creatinine ) . 
But the co-administration of GT has increased the level of plasmatic concentration of biochemical parameters . 
Exposure of rats to arsenic caused also a significant increase in liver , kidney and testicular thiobarbituric acid reactive substances compared to control . 
However , the co-administration of GT was effective in reducing its level . 
To conclude , our data suggest that arsenic exposure enhanced an oxidative stress by disturbing the tissue antioxidant defense system , but the GT co-administration alleviates the toxicity induced by arsenic exposure . Urokinase plasminogen activator and plasmin efficiently convert hemofiltrate CC chemokine 1 into its active . Hydroxy-terminated conjugated polymer nanoparticles have near-unity bright fraction and reveal cholesterol-dependence of IGF1R nanodomains . Nanobody-albumin nanoparticles ( NANAPs ) for the delivery of a multikinase inhibitor 17864 to EGFR overexpressing tumor cells . Rapid glucocorticoid receptor-mediated inhibition of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal ultradian activity in healthy males . Bamboo salt has in vitro anticancer activity in HCT-116 cells and exerts anti-metastatic effects in vivo . RATIONALE : Social defeat stress induces physiological and behavioral symptoms , including anxiety , anhedonia , immune deficits , and altered expression of key brain genes . 
OBJECTIVES : The present study investigated the effects of social defeat stress on the behaviors and expressions of Chat , Grp78 , and chop in the brains of adult mice . 
METHODS : Adult mice were divided into susceptible and unsusceptible groups after 10 days of social defeat stress . 
In experiment 1 , behavioral tests were conducted , and brains were processed for Western blotting at day 27 after stress . 
In experiment 2 , social avoidance tests were conducted , and brains were processed for Western blotting at day 12 after stress . 
RESULTS : The results indicate decreased and increased locomotion and anxiety behavior in all defeated mice . 
Decrease in social interaction , increased immobility , and impaired memory performance were only observed in susceptible mice . 
A decrease in the Chat level at days 12 and 27 was noted in the prefrontal cortex ( PFC ) , amygdala ( Amyg ) , and dorsal hippocampus ( HIP ) in defeated mice . 
The expression levels of Grp78 and chop measured on days 12 and 27 were significantly greater in the Amyg of susceptible mice . 
In the PFC and HIP , defeated mice displayed different patterns in the levels of Grp78 and chop expressions measured on days 12 and 27 . 
CONCLUSIONS : The present study demonstrated that chronic social defeat stress in mice produces stress-related behaviors . 
Different response patterns were noted for Grp78 and chop expression among the groups in terms of brain regions and time-course effects . There is evidence that high-density lipoproteins ( HDLs ) may regulate platelet function , but disparate results exist regarding the effects of oxidized HDLs on platelets . 
The objective of our study was to determine the role of in vivo oxidized HDLs on platelet aggregation . 
Platelet aggregation and redox status were investigated in 5 patients with abetalipoproteinemia ( ABLP ) or homozygous hypobetalipoproteinemia , two rare metabolic diseases characterized by the absence of apolipoprotein B-containing lipoproteins , compared to 5 control subjects . 
Platelets isolated from plasma of patients with ABLP aggregated 4 to 10 times more than control platelets , depending on the agonist . 
By contrast , no differences in the extent of platelet aggregation were observed between ABLP platelet-rich plasma ( PRP ) and control PRP , suggesting the presence of a protective factor in ABLP plasma . 
ABLP HDLs inhibited agonist-induced platelet aggregation by binding to SR-BI , while control HDLs had no effect . 
On the other hand , lipoprotein-deficient plasma from patients with ABLP did not inhibit platelet aggregation . 
Severe oxidative stress was evidenced in patients with ABLP . 
Compared to control HDLs , ABLP HDLs showed a 40% decrease of α-tocopherol and an 11-fold increased malondialdehyde concentration . 
These results demonstrate that in vivo oxidized HDLs do not lose their antiaggregatory properties despite oxidation . 
-Calzada , C . 
, Véricel , E . 
, Colas , R . 
, Guillot , N . 
, El Khoury , G . 
, Drai , J . 
, Sassolas , A . 
, Peretti , N . 
, Ponsin , G . 
, Lagarde , M . 
, Moulin , P . 
Inhibitory effects of in vivo oxidized high-density lipoproteins on platelet aggregation : evidence from patients with abetalipoproteinemia . Citrus juice intake has been highlighted because of its health-promoting effects . 
LC-MS based metabolomics approaches are applied to obtain a better knowledge on changes in the concentration of metabolites due to its dietary intake and allow a better understanding of involved metabolic pathways . 
Eight volunteers daily consumed 400 mL of juice for four consecutive days and urine samples were collected before intake and 24h after each citrus juice intake . 
Urine samples were analysed by nanoHPLC-q-TOF , followed by principal component analysis ( PCA ) and Student's t-test ( p<0 . 05 ) . 
PCA showed a separation between two groups ( before and after citrus juice consumption ) . 
This approach allowed the identification of four endocrine compounds ( tetrahydroaldosterone-3-glucuronide , cortolone-3-glucuronide , testosterone-glucuronide and 17-hydroxyprogesterone ) , which belonged to the steroid biosynthesis pathway as significant metabolites upregulated by citrus juice intake . 
Additionally , these results confirmed the importance of using the non-targeted metabolomics technique to identify new endogenous metabolites , up- or down-regulated as a consequence of food intake . Metabolism Studies of Unformulated Internally [ 3H ] -labeled siRNAs in Mice . Differential haemodynamic effects induced by beta 1- ( bisoprolol ) or beta 2- ( ICI 118 , 551 ) adrenoceptor blockade in man . Agonism of human pregnane X receptor by rilpivirine and etravirine : Comparison with first generation non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors . Activation and coupling of the glutaminase and synthase reaction of glutamate synthase is mediated by E1013 of the ferredoxin-dependent enzyme , belonging to loop 4 of the synthase domain . Storage protocols of vascular grafts need further improvement against ischemia-reperfusion ( IR ) injury . 
Hypoxia elicits a variety of complex cellular responses by altering the activity of many signaling pathways , such as the oxygen-dependent prolyl-hyroxylase domain-containing enzyme ( PHD ) . 
Reduction of PHD activity during hypoxia leads to stabilization and accumulation of hypoxia inducible factor ( HIF ) 1α . 
We examined the effects of PHD inhibiton by dimethyloxalylglycine on the vasomotor responses of isolated rat aorta and aortic vascular smooth muscle cells ( VSMCs ) in a model of cold ischemia / warm reperfusion . 
Aortic segments underwent 24 hours of cold ischemic preservation in saline or DMOG ( dimethyloxalylglycine ) -supplemented saline solution . 
We investigated endothelium-dependent and -independent vasorelaxations . 
To simulate IR injury , hypochlorite ( NaOCl ) was added during warm reperfusion . 
VSMCs were incubated in NaCl or DMOG solution at 4°C for 24 hours after the medium was changed for a supplied standard medium at 37°C for 6 hours . 
Apoptosis was assessed using the TUNEL method . 
Gene expression analysis was performed using quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction . 
Cold ischemic preservation and NaOCl induced severe endothelial dysfunction , which was significantly improved by DMOG supplementation ( maximal relaxation of aortic segments to acetylcholine : control 95% ± 1% versus NaOCl 44% ± 4% versus DMOG 68% ± 5% ) . 
Number of TUNEL-positive cell nuclei was significantly higher in the NaOCl group , and DMOG treatment significantly decreased apoptosis . 
Inducible heme-oxygenase 1 mRNA expressions were significantly higher in the DMOG group . 
Pharmacological modulation of oxygen sensing system by DMOG in an in vitro model of vascular IR effectively preserved endothelial function . 
Inhibition of PHDs could therefore be a new therapeutic avenue for protecting endothelium and vascular muscle cells against IR injury . The endocrine disrupting chemical tolylfluanid alters adipocyte metabolism via glucocorticoid receptor activation . PURPOSE : Bcl-2 inhibits apoptosis , and its overexpression is associated with hormone refractory prostate cancer ( HRPC ) . 
Bak and Bax are in the Bcl-2 family and counteract the antiapoptotic function of Bcl-2 . 
Taxane-induced ( paclitaxel and its analogue docetaxel ) phosphorylation of Bcl-2 abolishes the potential antiapoptotic effect of Bcl-2 . 
We hypothesized that ( a ) survival benefit in HRPC patients treated with taxanes is determined by the presence of Bcl-2 protein and ( b ) altered expression of Bak and Bax protein caused by genetic mutation is associated with biological aggressiveness of prostate cancer . 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN : Forty localized prostate cancer and 30 HRPC cases were used in this study . 
Surgical specimens of localized prostate cancer and biopsy specimens of HRPC were used for immunostaining of Bcl-2 , Bak , and Bax as well as DNA extraction . 
Mutations in the Bak and Bax genes were screened by single-strand conformational polymorphism , and confirmed by direct DNA sequencing . 
RESULTS : Bcl-2-positive HRPC showed longer cause-specific survival in comparison with the counterparts . 
Multivariate analysis revealed that the level of Bcl-2 expression before treatment with taxane-based chemotherapy was an independent predictor for cause-specific survival ( P < 0 . 01 ) and baseline prostate-specific antigen level was an independent predictor for progression-free survival ( P < 0 . 01 ) . 
Bax gene mutation was found in only one HRPC specimen . 
CONCLUSIONS : Bcl-2 expression in addition to prostate-specific antigen measurement before treatment could identify HRPC patients who may benefit from taxane-based chemotherapy . 
Mutation of the Bak and Bax genes is a rare event in prostate cancer . Inhibition of MAO activity was measured in rat brain homogenates using 5-HT as MAO-A substrate and phenylethylamine as MAO-B substrate . 
Moclobemide rather selectively inhibited MAO-A . 
Its inhibitory potency is rather low , like that of toloxatone , whereas clorgyline , harmaline , cimoxatone and brofaromine were all found to be at least 100 times more potent . 
Phenelzine , isocarboxazid and tranylcypromine were nonspecific , inhibiting MAO-A and MAO-B to about the same extent . 
The same drugs were also tested ex vivo . 
Here again moclobemide preferentially inhibited MAO-A; it was equipotent to clorgyline and brofaromine in these tests , and 2-4 times as potent as cimoxatone and harmaline . 
Moclobemide is a relatively weak MAO-A inhibitor in vitro and yet more potent in vivo than other reversible inhibitors , suggesting that the compound may be converted in vivo to an active form . 
Nevertheless , it has not been possible so far to identify activated derivatives , and recent findings that moclobemide markedly inhibits liver MAO-A within 5 min of an intravenous injection strongly suggests that the compound itself is responsible for the inhibition . Pharmacological profile of antidepressants and related compounds at human monoamine transporters . Perfluorooctane sulfonate ( PFOS ) affects hormone receptor activity , steroidogenesis , and expression of endocrine-related genes in vitro and in vivo . All nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs ( NSAIDs ) inhibit the cyclooxygenase ( COX ) isozymes to different extents , which accounts for their anti-inflammatory and analgesic activities and their gastrointestinal side effects . 
We have exploited biochemical differences between the two COX enzymes to identify a strategy for converting carboxylate-containing NSAIDs into selective COX-2 inhibitors . 
Derivatization of the carboxylate moiety in moderately selective COX-1 inhibitors , such as 5 , 8 , 11 , 14-eicosatetraynoic acid ( ETYA ) and arylacetic and fenamic acid NSAIDs , exemplified by indomethacin and meclofenamic acid , respectively , generated potent and selective COX-2 inhibitors . 
In the indomethacin series , esters and primary and secondary amides are superior to tertiary amides as selective inhibitors . 
Only the amide derivatives of ETYA and meclofenamic acid inhibit COX-2; the esters are either inactive or nonselective . 
Inhibition kinetics reveal that indomethacin amides behave as slow , tight-binding inhibitors of COX-2 and that selectivity is a function of the time-dependent step . 
Site-directed mutagenesis of murine COX-2 indicates that the molecular basis for selectivity differs from the parent NSAIDs and from diarylheterocycles . 
Selectivity arises from novel interactions at the opening and at the apex of the substrate-binding site . 
Lead compounds in the present study are potent inhibitors of COX-2 activity in cultured inflammatory cells . 
Furthermore , indomethacin amides are orally active , nonulcerogenic , anti-inflammatory agents in an in vivo model of acute inflammation . 
Expansion of this approach can be envisioned for the modification of all carboxylic acid-containing NSAIDs into selective COX-2 inhibitors . New ( R ) -4-benzamido-5-oxopentanoic acid derivatives were synthesized by a stereoconservative procedure and evaluated in vitro for their capacity to inhibit the binding of [ 125I ] ( BH ) -CCK-8 to either rat peripheral ( CCK-A ) or central ( CCK-B ) CCK receptors , or the binding of [ 3H ] pentagastrin to rabbit gastric glands , as well as to inhibit , in vivo , the acid secretion induced by pentagastrin infusion in the perfused rat stomach . 
The parent compound of this series ( lorglumide ) is the first nonpeptidic , potent and selective antagonist of the CCK-A receptor . 
Chemical manipulations of the structure of lorglumide led to the discovery of selective antagonists of the CCK-B / gastrin receptors . 
Structure-activity relationships are discussed . 
Some of these new derivatives exhibit different affinities with rabbit gastric gland cells and rat cortex membranes , suggesting that the stomach gastrin receptor ( arbitrarily termed CCK-B1 receptor ) is not as closely related to the CCK central receptor ( termed CCK-B2 ) as previously hypothesized . 
The antigastric activity of the most potent compound of the series , i . 
e . 
( R ) -4- ( 3 , 5-dichlorobenzamido ) -5- ( 8-azaspiro [ 4 . 5 ] decan- 8-yl ) -5-oxopentanoic acid ( compound 28 , CR 2194 ) was further evaluated in vivo : in the first hour after administration the compound inhibits acid secretion induced by pentagastrin infusion , in both cat and dog ( in the cat with gastric fistula and in the dog with Heidenhain pouch ) , with ID50s ( mg / kg ) of 15 . 5 ( iv ) ( cat ) , 8 . 7 ( IV ) ( dog ) and 24 . 2 ( oral ) ( Heidenhain dog ) . 
The characteristics of CR 2194 , that is , the selectivity for the gastrin receptor , the simple nonpeptidic molecular structure , and the activity after oral administration , indicate that this compound is a useful tool in the study of the biological effects of gastrin and a potential agent for diagnostic or therapeutic use . UNLABELLED : Both tacrolimus ( TAC ) and sirolimus ( SRL ) bind to the same immunophilin FKBP12; however , their mechanisms of action are distinct . 
SRL inhibits mammalian target of rapamycin ( TOR ) , which is an enzyme critical to the immune function . 
TOR inhibition blocks the signal that mediates T-cell proliferation by preventing cell-cycle progression from G1 to S phase . 
Moreover , TOR inhibition results in a decrease in antibody production by blocking B-cell proliferation and maturation into antibody producing cells . 
The use of SRL has resulted in a decrease in the number of rejection episodes . 
As with other immunosuppressive agents , SRL can cause dose-related side effects , the most notable of which are hypercholesterolemia , hyperlipidemia , anemia , and thrombocytopenia . 
Thus , therapeutic drug monitoring to assess efficacy and toxicity has became a necessity . 
SRL blood levels do not correlate with its bioactivity and are affected by the concomitant use of other immunosuppressive drugs . 
To determine the bioactivity of SRL we have developed an assay to determine the level of Sirolimus per lymphocyte of transplant patients . 
The levels were correlated with lymphocyte count . 
METHODS : Whole blood samples from patients on SRL were collected in Ethylene Diamine Tetra-acetic acid ( EDTA ) vacutainer tubes . 
Immediately the lymphocytes from 2 mL of blood were separated using 1 . 5 mL of Ficoll gradient , by centrifugation for 30 minutes at 2500 RPM . 
The lymphocytes were washed three times with phosphate-bufferd saline and the pellet suspended in 150 microL of Middle East research institute ( MERI ) drug extraction solution ( Beirut , Lebanon ) , which was then added to 300 microL of IMx solublizing reagent . 
The cytoplasmic SRL concentrations in lymphocytes were measured using kits supplied from Abbott diagnostics or by high-performance liquid tomography . 
A corresponding whole blood sample from each patient was used to measure blood levels . 
To determine the level per lymphocyte , the value obtained was divided by the number of lymphocytes and expressed as Pg / cell . 
A pharmacokinetic profile for both blood and lymphocytes was constructed for each patient using data corresponding to predose C ( 0 ) , 1 hour ( C ( 1 ) ) and 2 hours ( C ( 2 ) ) after the dose . 
The lymphocyte enumeration for C ( 0 ) , C ( 1 ) , and C ( 2 ) was performed using the FACS Calibur Flow Cytometer from Becton Dickinson . 
The average dose was 2 . 86 + / - 1 . 27 mg / d with a C ( 0 ) = 8 . 05 + / - 4 . 24 , C ( 1 ) = 21 . 9 + / - 8 . 9 ng / mL , and C ( 2 ) = 23 + / - 0 . 03 ng / mL . 
Although there was a significant correlation ( P = . 0975 ) between the dose and C ( 0 ) , there was no correlation between the dose and C ( 0 ) level on the lymphocyte count P = . 897 . 
However , there was a strong correlation between SRL lymphocyte levels ( pg / cell ) and the lymphocyte count ( r ( 2 ) = . 6 . 06 ) . 
The higher the concentration of the drug the lower the lymphocyte counts . 
The assay is sensitive to within 0 . 45 pg / cell , reproducible with a coefficient of variance ( CV ) of 6 . 4% within assay and 7 . 5% for intraassay . Overexposure to manganese ( Mn ) has been known to induce neuronal damage . 
However , little is known of the role that reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) play in protein aggregation resulting from Mn exposure . 
The current study investigated whether oxidative stress is involved in manganese-induced alpha-synuclein oligomerization in organotypic brain slices . 
After application of Mn ( 0-400μM ) for 24h , there was a dose-dependent increase in average percentage of propidium iodide positive ( PI ( + ) ) nuclei in slices and levels of lactate dehydrogenase ( LDH ) in the culture medium . 
Moreover , the treatment with Mn resulted in a dose-dependent increase in neurocyte apoptosis , ROS level , and decrease in superoxide dismutase ( SOD ) activity . 
Mn also caused oxidative damage in cell lipid and protein . 
At the same time , the exposure of Mn leaded to significantly increase in the expression of alpha-synuclein mRNA and protein . 
Alpha-synuclein oligomerization occurred in Mn-treated slices , especially on membrane-bound form . 
It indicated that alpha-synuclein oligomers were more likely to combination cell membranes and resulting in membrane damage . 
Mn-induced neurocyte damage and alpha-synuclein oligomerization were also partially alleviated by the pretreatment with GSH and aggravated by H2O2 pretreatment . 
The findings revealed Mn might exert its neurotoxic effects by oxidative stress-mediated alpha-synuclein oligomerization in organotypic brain slices . An enzymatic method for determining L-malic acid in wine based on an L-malate sensing layer with nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide ( NAD + ) , L-malate dehydrogenase ( L-MDH ) and diaphorase ( DI ) , immobilized by sol-gel technology , was constructed and evaluated . 
The sol-gel glass was prepared with tetramethoxysilane ( TMOS ) , water and HCl . 
L-MDH catalyzes the reaction between L-malate and NAD + , producing NADH , whose fluorescence ( lambdaexc = 340 nm , lambdaem = 430 nm ) could be directly related to the amount of L-malate . 
NADH is converted to NAD + by applying hexacyanoferrate ( III ) as oxidant in the presence of DI . 
Some parameters affecting sol-gel encapsulation and the pH of the enzymatic reaction were studied . 
The sensing layer has a dynamic range of 0 . 1-1 . 0 g / L of L-malate and a long-term storage stability of 25 days . 
It exhibits acceptable reproducibility [ sr ( % ) approximately 10 ] and allows six regenerations . 
The content of L-malic acid was determined for different types of wine , and polyvinylpolypyrrolidone ( PVPP ) was used as a bleaching agent with red wine . 
The results obtained for the wine samples using the sensing layer are comparable to those obtained from a reference method based on UV-vis molecular absorption spectrometry , if the matrix effect is corrected for . A novel series of ( S ) -phenylalanine derivatives with a 2-cyanopyrrolidine moiety were designed and synthesized through a rational drug design strategy . 
Biological evaluation revealed that most tested compounds were potent dipeptidyl peptidase 4 ( DPP-4 ) inhibitors , among them , the cyclopropyl-substituted phenylalanine derivative 11h displayed the most potent DPP-4 inhibitory activity with an IC50 value of 0 . 247 μM . 
In addition , molecular docking analysis of the representative compounds 11h , 11k , and 15a were performed , which not only revealed the impact of binding modes on DPP-4 inhibitory activity , but also provided additional methodological values for design and optimization . 
© 2013 John Wiley & Sons A / S . PPARgamma activation in adipocytes is sufficient for systemic insulin sensitization . Exogenously administered human serum butyrylcholinesterase ( Hu BChE ) was demonstrated to function as a bioscavenger of highly toxic organophosphorus ( OP ) compounds in several animal species . 
Since the enzyme is isolated from human serum , it is currently the most suitable pretreatment for human use . 
A dose of 200-300mg / 70kg human adult is projected to provide protection from 2 X LD50 of soman . 
Due to the limited supply of Hu BChE , strategies aimed at reducing the dose of enzyme are being explored . 
In this study , we investigated the effect of modification with polyethylene glycol ( PEG ) on the in vivo stability of Hu BChE . 
Mice were given two injections of either Hu BChE or Hu BChE modified with PEG-5K or PEG-20K , six weeks apart . 
Pharmacokinetic parameters , such as mean residence time ( MRT ) , maximal concentration ( Cmax ) , elimination half-life ( T1 / 2 ) , and area under the plasma concentration time curve extrapolated to infinity ( AUC ) , were determined . 
For the first injection , values for MRT , T1 / 2 , Cmax , and AUC for PEG-5K-Hu BChE and PEG-20K-Hu BChE were similar to those for Hu BChE . 
These values for the second injection of Hu BChE as well as PEG-Hu BChEs were lower as compared to those for the first injections , likely due to antibody-mediated clearance . Interleukin-10 involvement in exposure to low dose of benzene . Effects of the herbal medicine composition "Saiko-ka-ryukotsu-borei-To" on the function of endothelial progenitor cells in hypertensive rats . Effect of low dose Bisphenol A on the early differentiation of human embryonic stem cells into mammary epithelial cells . Bone morphogenetic protein-7 ( BMP-7 ) has been shown to inhibit liver and renal fibrosis in in vivo and in vitro studies . 
There is no study to investigate BMP-7's role in the development of pulmonary fibrosis induced by silica . 
In the current study , we used the rat model to explore the potential antifibrotic role of BMP-7 and its underlying mechanism in silica-induced pulmonary fibrosis . 
Sixty Wistar rats were randomly assigned into three groups . 
Control group received saline , silica group received silica and BMP-7 treated group received silica and BMP-7 . 
BMP-7 was administered to silica-treated rats intraperitoneally at a dose of 300μg / kg / injection from day 8 to day 30 every other day . 
After the animals were sacrificed on day 15 and 30 , hydroxyproline levels , the protein expressions of BMP / Smad and TGF-β / Smad signaling , and histopathology in lung tissues were analyzed . 
The hydroxyproline contents in BMP-7 treated groups were significantly lower than the silica groups ( P<0 . 05 ) . 
Histopathological results showed BMP-7 could reduce the progression of silica induced fibrosis . 
Furthermore , the expression of p-Smad1 / 5 / 8 , a marker of BMP / Smad signaling , was significantly up-regulated in BMP-7 treated groups ( P<0 . 05 ) compared with the silica groups . 
On the contrary , the expression of p-Smad2 / 3 , a marker for TGF-β / Smad signaling , reduced significantly in BMP-7-treated groups compared with silica groups ( P<0 . 05 ) . 
In conclusion , the pulmonary fibrosis induced by silica in rats was significantly reduced with the therapeutic treatment of BMP-7 . 
The antifibrotic effect of BMP-7 could be related to the activation of BMP / Smad signaling and inhibition of TGF-β / Smad pathways . Characterization of a polyclonal antibody to the mu opioid receptor . Circulating trimethylamine-N-oxide ( TMAO ) levels are strongly associated with atherosclerosis . 
We now examine genetic , dietary , and hormonal factors regulating TMAO levels . 
We demonstrate that two flavin mono-oxygenase family members , FMO1 and FMO3 , oxidize trimethylamine ( TMA ) , derived from gut flora metabolism of choline , to TMAO . 
Further , we show that FMO3 exhibits 10-fold higher specific activity than FMO1 . 
FMO3 overexpression in mice significantly increases plasma TMAO levels while silencing FMO3 decreases TMAO levels . 
In both humans and mice , hepatic FMO3 expression is reduced in males compared to females . 
In mice , this reduction in FMO3 expression is due primarily to downregulation by androgens . 
FMO3 expression is induced by dietary bile acids by a mechanism that involves the farnesoid X receptor ( FXR ) , a bile acid-activated nuclear receptor . 
Analysis of natural genetic variation among inbred strains of mice indicates that FMO3 and TMAO are significantly correlated , and TMAO levels explain 11% of the variation in atherosclerosis . Some Gram-positive bacterial pathogens harbor a gene that encodes a protein ( HNS , Heme domain of NO Synthase-like proteins ) with striking sequence identity to the oxygenase domain of mammalian NO synthases ( NOS ) . 
However , they lack the N-terminal and the Zn-cysteine motif participating to the stability of an active dimer in the mammalian isoforms . 
The unique properties of HNS make it an excellent model system for probing how the heme environment tunes NO dynamics and for comparing it to the endothelial NO synthase heme domain ( eNOS ( HD ) ) using ultrafast transient spectroscopy . 
NO rebinding in HNS from Staphylococcus aureus ( SA-HNS ) is faster than that measured for either Bacillus anthracis ( BA-HNS ) or for eNOS ( HD ) in both oxidized and reduced forms in the presence of arginine . 
To test whether these distinct rates arise from different energy barriers for NO recombination , we measured rebinding kinetics at several temperatures . 
Our data are consistent with different barriers for NO recombination in SA-HNS and BA-HNS and the presence of a second NO-binding site . 
The hypothesis that an additional NO-binding cavity is present in BA-HNS is also consistent with the effect of the NO concentration on its rebinding . 
The lack of the effect of NO concentration on the geminate rebinding in SA-HNS could be due to an isolated second site . 
We confirm the existence of a second NO site in the oxygenase domain of the reduced eNOS as previously hypothesized [ A . 
Slama-Schwok , M . 
Negrerie , V . 
Berka , J . 
C . 
Lambry , A . 
L . 
Tsai , M . 
H . 
Vos , J . 
L . 
Martin , Nitric oxide ( NO ) traffic in endothelial NO synthase . 
Evidence for a new NO binding site dependent on tetrahydrobiopterin? J . 
Biol . 
Chem . 
277 ( 2002 ) 7581-7586 ] . 
This site requires the presence of arginine and BH ( 4 ) ; and we propose that NO dynamic and escape from eNOS is regulated by the active site H-bonding network connecting between the heme , the substrate , and cofactor . AIMS : Sedation induced by antihistamines is widely recognized to be caused by their penetration through the blood-brain-barrier and the consequent occupation of brain histamine H1-receptors . 
We previously studied the mechanism of sedation caused by antihistamines using positron emission tomography ( PET ) . 
Recently , we revealed the nonsedative characteristic of ebastine , a second-generation antihistamine , with cognitive performance tests . 
In the present study , H1-receptor occupation by ebastine was examined in the human brain using PET . 
METHODS : Ebastine 10 mg and ( + ) -chlorpheniramine 2 or 6 mg were orally given to healthy male volunteers . 
PET scans with [ 11C ] -doxepin , a potent H1-receptor antagonist , were conducted near tmax of respective drugs . 
Other volunteers in the control group also received PET scans . 
The binding potential of doxepin ( BP = Bmax / Kd ) for available brain H1-receptors was imaged on a voxel-by-voxel basis through graphical analysis . 
By setting regions of interest , the H1-receptor occupancy of drugs was calculated in several H1-receptor rich regions . 
RESULTS : Brain distribution of radioactivity after ebastine treatment was similar to that without any drugs . 
However , after the oral administration of 2 mg ( + ) -chlorpheniramine , the level was lower than after ebastine and nondrug treatments . 
Graphical analysis followed by statistical parametric mapping ( SPM96 ) revealed that H1-receptor rich regions such as cortices , cingulate gyrus and thalamus were regions where the BPs after ebastine were significantly higher than after ( + ) -chlorpheniramine ( 2 mg ) . 
H1-receptor occupancies in cortex were approximately 10% by ebastine and > or = 50% by either dose of ( + ) -chlorpheniramine ( 95% confidence interval for difference in the mean receptor occupancies : 27% , 54% for 2 mg and 35% , 62% for 6 mg vs ebastine , respectively ) . 
Receptor occupancies increased with increasing plasma concentration of ( + ) -chlorpheniramine , but not with concentration of carebastine , an active metabolite of ebastine . 
CONCLUSIONS : Ebastine ( 10 mg orally ) causes brain histamine H1-receptor occupation of approximately 10% , consistent with its lower incidence of sedative effect , whereas ( + ) -chlorpheniramine occupied about 50% of brain H1-receptors even at a low but sedative dose of 2 mg; occupancy of ( + ) -chlorpheniramine was correlated with plasma ( + ) -chlorpheniramine concentration . Characterization of monomeric and multimeric snake neurotoxins and other bioactive proteins from the venom of the lethal Australian common copperhead ( Austrelaps superbus ) . Structure-activity relationship studies of 4- [ 2- ( diphenylmethoxy ) ethyl ] -1-benzylpiperidine derivatives and their N-analogues : evaluation of O-and N-analogues and their binding to monoamine transporters . Nitrogen-containing bisphosphonates ( N-BPs ) induce apoptosis in tumor cells by inhibiting the prenylation of small G-proteins . 
However , the details of the apoptosis-inducing mechanism remain obscure . 
The present study showed that the induction of apoptosis by N-BPs in hematopoietic tumor cells is mediated by mitochondrial apoptotic signaling pathways , which are activated by the suppression of geranylgeranyl pyrophosphate ( GGPP ) biosynthesis . 
Furthermore , N-BPs decreased the levels of phosphorylated extracellular signal-regulated kinase ( ERK ) and mTOR via suppression of Ras prenylation and enhanced Bim expression . 
The present results indicated that N-BPs induce apoptosis by decreasing the mitochondrial transmembrane potential , increasing the activation of caspase-9 and caspase-3 , and enhancing Bim expression through inhibition of the Ras / MEK / ERK and Ras / mTOR pathways . 
The accumulation of N-BPs in bones suggests that they may act more effectively on tumors that have spread to bones or on Ras-variable tumors . 
This is the first study to show that the specific molecular pathways of N-BP-induced apoptosis . Injection of L-p-tyrosine ( 800 mg / kg , 2 h ) increased the mouse striatal para-hydroxyphenylacetic acid ( p-HPAA ) concentrations . 
A smaller dose of D , L-m-tyrosine ( 20 mg / kg , 2 h ) produced a larger increase in mouse striatal meta-hydroxyphenylacetic acid ( m-HPAA ) concentrations . 
The administration of L-phenylalanine to mice caused a slight increase in the p-HPAA concentration in the corpus striatum after 2 h while a larger dose of L-phenylalanine ( 800 mg / kg ) produced a greater increase . 
Eight hours following L-phenylalanine injection , p-HPAA concentrations were still elevated . 
With D-phenylalanine a significant increase was observed at eight hours after drug administration . 
Two drugs which reduce dopamine synthesis , alpha-methyl-para-tyrosine and apomorphine , decreased m-HPAA striatal concentrations without affecting p-HPAA concentrations . 
From these results , it is proposed that tyrosine hydroxylase activity determines p-HPAA concentrations by regulating p-tyrosine availability . 
This enzyme may also synthesize m-tyrosine which is subsequently decarboxylated to form m-tyramine and then oxidatively deaminated to form m-HPAA . Transfer of a two-tiered keratinocyte assay : IL-18 production by NCTC2544 to determine the skin sensitizing capacity and epidermal equivalent assay to determine sensitizer potency . Postexposure application of Fas receptor small-interfering RNA to suppress sulfur mustard-induced apoptosis in human airway epithelial cells : implication for a therapeutic approach . beta ( 2 ) -adrenoceptors are critical for antidepressant treatment of neuropathic pain . Bevantolol was more potent in blocking the chronotropic than the hypotensive effects of isoprenaline in pithed rats . 
Bevantolol itself induced bradycardia , so that it was not possible to estimate the pA2 from nonparallel dose-response curves relating isoprenaline concentration to tachycardia . 
Bevantolol caused hypertension in pithed rats , an effect attenuated by phentolamine , implying that bevantolol may be an alpha-adrenoceptor agonist . 
Bevantolol potentiated the pressor effects of noradrenaline , the maximum potentiation equalling that produced by prior chemical sympathectomy with guanethidine , implying that bevantolol may block noradrenaline uptake . 
In isolated atria bevantolol-induced bradycardia was associated with a positive shift in take-off potential , a reduction in the maximum rate of depolarization ( Vmax ) , and a lengthening of action potential duration ( APD ) . 
No change in the slope of the slow diastolic depolarization occurred except at the highest concentration ( 18 mumol l ( -1 ) . 
In atrial and ventricular muscle bevantolol reduced Vmax and overshoot potential , implying reduction of fast inward sodium current ( Class I antiarrhythmic action ) . 
In pithed rats bevantolol lengthened the P-R interval in the ECG , and produced atrioventricular ( A-V ) block , and bundle-branch block . 
In isolated A-V nodal preparations , intranodal conduction time was greatly increased , implying restriction of inward current through calcium channels responsible for nodal depolarization . 
Bevantolol had no negative inotropic effect in pithed rats , or in isolated atria , and did not alter the positive inotropic effect of raised extracellular calcium concentration , implying absence of restriction of current through calcium channels controlling contraction of the myocardium . Thalidomide prevents alcoholic liver injury in rats through suppression of Kupffer cell sensitization and TNF-alpha production . Meperidine exerts agonist activity at the alpha ( 2B ) -adrenoceptor subtype . Progestin effects on expression of AKR1C1-AKR1C3 , SRD5A1 and PGR in the Z-12 endometriotic epithelial cell line . Glutamate receptor subunits GluR5 and KA-2 are coexpressed in rat trigeminal ganglion neurons . Methyleugenol ( MEG ) , which is commonly used as a fragrance and flavoring agent , has been shown to induce hepatocellular tumors in rodents . 
However , the role of genotoxicity as a possible mechanism of action is not fully understood even though the DNA-reactive metabolite of MEG has been identified . 
In this study , a gpt delta transgenic rat model was used to clarify whether genotoxic mechanisms are involved in MEG-induced hepatocarcinogenesis following medium-term exposure . 
F344 gpt delta rats were subjected to repeated oral administration of MEG at dosages of 0 , 10 , 30 , or 100mg / kg ( a carcinogenic dose ) for 13 weeks . 
The relative weight of the liver of the male and female rats that were administered 100mg / kg MEG and the absolute weight of the liver of the male rats that were administered 100mg / kg MEG were significantly increased . 
In addition , the number and area of glutathione S-transferase placental form ( GST-P ) positive foci and proliferating cell nuclear antigen ( PCNA ) positive cell ratios in the hepatocytes were significantly increased in the male and female rats that were administered 100mg / kg MEG compared with the control animals . 
In the in vivo mutation assays , a significant increase in the gpt and Spi ( - ) mutant frequencies was observed in both sexes at the carcinogenic dose . 
These results suggest the possible participation of genotoxic mechanisms in MEG-induced hepatocarcinogenesis . Many cancer patients fail to respond to chemotherapy because of the intrinsic resistance of their cancer to pro-apoptotic stimuli or the acquisition of the multidrug resistant phenotype during chronic treatment . 
Previous data from our groups and from others point to the sodium / potassium pump ( the Na + / K + -ATPase , i . 
e . 
, NaK ) with its highly specific ligands ( i . 
e . 
, cardiotonic steroids ) as a new target for combating cancers associated with dismal prognoses , including gliomas , melanomas , non-small cell lung cancers , renal cell carcinomas , and colon cancers . 
Cardiotonic steroid-mediated Na + / K + -ATPase targeting could circumvent various resistance pathways . 
The most probable pathways include the involvement of Na + / K + -ATPase β subunits in invasion features and Na + / K + -ATPase α subunits in chemosensitisation by specific cardiotonic steroid-mediated apoptosis and anoïkis-sensitisation; the regulation of the expression of multidrug resistant-related genes; post-translational regulation , including glycosylation and ubiquitinylation of multidrug resistant-related proteins; c-Myc downregulation; hypoxia-inducible factor downregulation; NF-κB downregulation and deactivation; the inhibition of the glycolytic pathway with a reduction of intra-cellular ATP levels and an induction of non-apoptotic cell death . 
The aims of this review are to examine the various molecular pathways by which the NaK targeting can be more deleterious to biologically aggressive cancer cells than to normal cells . OBJECTIVE : To review the main pharmacological properties and clinical applications of the drugs used in the medical therapy of Cushing's syndrome . 
DATA SOURCES : Search for articles were performed in the following dababases : MEDLINE , EMBASE , Cochrane Database of systematic Reviews and The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials ( CENTRAL ) . 
Search terms included Cushing's syndrome and drug therapy . 
DATA SYNTHESIS : Available data suggest that neuromodulatory compounds affect corticotropin ( ACTH ) or ACTH-releasing hormone ( CRH ) synthesis and release . 
They include serotonin antagonists , dopaminergic agonists , valproic acid , reserpine , somatostatin analogs and thiazolidinediones . 
These agents have been effective in a limited number of patients with ACTH-dependent Cushing's syndrome . 
Inhibitors of steroidogenesis reduce cortisol production by blocking one ( metyrapone , trilostane ) or several ( aminoglutethimide , ketoconazole , fluconazole , etomidate ) enzymes involved in steroid biosynthesis . 
Mitotane is a steroidogenesis inhibitor with adrenolitic properties . 
Mifepriston'e blocks glucocorticoid receptor activation without modifying cortisol synthesis . 
CONCLUSION : Agents that inhibit steroidogenesis are useful in all forms of Cushing's syndrome and are effective in about 70% of patients . 
Main indications for drug therapy include preparation for surgery , persistence or recurrence after surgery , while awaiting for the effect of radiation therapy , occult ectopic ACTH syndrome , severe hypercortisolism and malignancy related hypercortisolism . Friedelin and lanosterol from Garcinia prainiana stimulated glucose uptake and adipocytes differentiation in 3T3-L1 adipocytes . Abstract 1 . 
Chiral polychlorinated biphenyls ( PCBs ) such as PCB 136 enantioselectively sensitize the ryanodine receptor ( RyR ) . 
In light of recent evidence that PCBs cause developmental neurotoxicity via RyR-dependent mechanisms , this suggests that enantioselective PCB metabolism may influence the developmental neurotoxicity of chiral PCBs . 
However , enantioselective disposition of PCBs has not been fully characterized . 
2 . 
The effect of sex and cytochrome P450 ( P450 ) enzyme induction on the enantioselective metabolism of PCB 136 was studied using liver tissue slices prepared from naïve control ( CTL ) , phenobarbital ( PB; CYP2B inducer ) or dexamethasone ( DEX; CYP3A inducer ) pretreated adult Sprague-Dawley rats . 
PCB 136 metabolism was also examined in hippocampal slices derived from untreated rat pups . 
3 . 
In liver tissue slices , hydroxylated PCB ( OH-PCB ) profiles depended on sex and inducer pretreatment , and OH-PCB levels followed the rank orders male > female and PB > DEX > CTL . 
In contrast , the enantiomeric enrichment of PCB 136 and its metabolites was independent of sex and inducer pretreatment . 
Only small amounts of PCB 136 partitioned into hippocampal tissue slices and no OH-PCB metabolites were detected . 
4 . 
Our results suggest that enantioselective metabolism , sex and induction status of P450 enzymes in the liver may modulate the neurotoxic outcomes of developmental exposure to chiral PCBs . Dopaminergic mechanisms are thought to play a central role in the reinforcing effects of cocaine . 
Similar to cocaine , other local anesthetics bind to the dopamine transporter ( DAT ) and inhibit DA uptake in rodent and monkey brain . 
Additionally , local anesthetics are self-administered in rhesus monkeys , indicative of abuse liability . 
The present study examined the reinforcing and DAT effects of the local anesthetics dimethocaine , procaine and cocaine using in vivo techniques . 
Monkeys were trained to respond under a second-order schedule for i . 
v . 
cocaine administration ( 0 . 10 or 0 . 30 mg / kg / infusion ) . 
When responding was stable , dimethocaine ( 0 . 030-1 . 7 mg / kg / infusion ) or procaine ( 0 . 10-10 mg / kg / infusion ) was substituted for the cocaine training dose . 
Dimethocaine administration produced higher response rates compared with that of procaine , and was a more potent reinforcer . 
Drug effects on behavior were related to DAT occupancy in monkey striatum during neuroimaging with positron emission tomography ( PET ) . 
DAT occupancy was determined by displacement of 8- ( 2- [ ( 18 ) F ] fluroethyl ) 2beta-carbomethoxy-3beta- ( 4-chlorophenyl ) nortropane ( FECNT ) . 
DAT occupancy was between 66 and 82% and <10-41% for doses of dimethocaine and procaine that maintained maximum response rates , respectively . 
Finally , in vivo microdialysis in awake subjects determined drug-induced changes in extracellular DA in the caudate nucleus . 
There was close correspondence between peak increases in DA and DAT occupancy . 
Overall , reinforcing effects were consistent with DAT effects determined with in vivo techniques . 
The results further support a role for the DAT in the abuse liability of local anesthetics . High Capacity Runner ( HCR ) rats have been developed by divergent artificial selection for treadmill endurance running capacity to explore an aerobic biology-disease connection . 
The beneficial effects of resveratrol supplementation have been demonstrated in endurance running and the antioxidant capacity of resveratrol is also demonstrated . 
In this study we examine whether 12weeks of treadmill exercise training and / or resveratrol can enhance performance in HCR . 
Indeed , resveratrol increased aerobic performance and strength of upper limbs of these rats . 
Moreover , we have found that resveratrol activated the AMP-activated protein kinase , SIRT1 , and mitochondrial transcription factor A ( p<0 . 05 ) . 
The changes in mitochondrial fission / fusion and Lon protease / HSP78 levels suggest that exercise training does not significantly induce damage of proteins . 
Moreover , neither exercise training nor resveratrol supplementation altered the content of protein carbonyls . 
Changes in the levels of forkhead transcription factor 1 and SIRT4 could suggest increased fat utilization and improved insulin sensitivity . 
These data indicate , that resveratrol supplementation enhances aerobic performance due to the activation of the AMPK-SIRT1-PGC-1α pathway . OBJECTIVE : The metabolic syndrome ( MetS ) is an increasing epidemiologic challenge and cardiovascular risk factor . 
Interleukin-6 ( IL-6 ) is a cytokine that exerts its biological function via a complex orchestration of soluble and membrane bound receptors . 
We have investigated associations between IL-6 and its soluble receptors , soluble IL-6 receptor ( sIL-6r ) and soluble glycoprotein 130 ( sGP130 ) and the metabolic syndrome . 
Furthermore , we have investigated possible associations with endothelial dysfunction and arterial stiffness . 
METHODS : A total of 563 subjects were included in this study . 
The Adult Treatment Panel III criteria of the National Cholesterol Education Program were used for the definition of MetS . 
We used commercially available ELISA to analyse circulating levels of the markers . 
Pulse wave propagation time ( PWP ) was determined to assess arterial stiffness . 
RESULTS : The criteria for having MetS were filled by 221 subjects . 
sGP130 , sIL-6r and IL-6 levels were elevated in subjects with MetS ( p<0 . 05 for all markers ) , and are associated with increasing components of MetS . 
Particularly hypertriglyceridaemia , hypertension and fasting plasma glucose ( FPG ) seem to carry this association . 
sGP130 ( p<0 . 01 ) , IL-6 ( p<0 . 05 ) and partially sIL-6r ( p<0 . 05 ) correlated with markers of endothelial function ( E-selectin , I-CAM-1 , V-CAM-1 ) and inversely with PWP after adjustment for relevant covariates . 
CONCLUSION : sGP130 , sIL-6r and IL-6 were significantly elevated in subjects with MetS . 
In addition , sGP130 , IL-6 and partially sIL-6r were associated with markers of endothelial function and arterial stiffness . 
This finding sheds new light on the role of these inflammatory cytokines in subjects with MetS and the development and progression of clinically silent atherosclerosis . Inhibition of carbonic anhydrase ( CA , EC 4 . 2 . 1 . 1 ) isoforms present in the eyes ( CA I , II , IV and XII ) , with sulfonamides such as acetazolamide , methazolamide , ethoxzolamide and dichlorophenamide , is still widely used for the systemic treatment of glaucoma . 
The mechanism of action of these drugs consists in inhibition of CA isozymes present in ciliary processes of the eye , with the consequent reduction of bicarbonate and aqueous humour secretion , and of elevated intraocular pressure ( IOP ) characteristic of this disease . 
As isoforms CA II / IV / XII are present in many other tissues / organs , generally , systemic CAIs possess undesired side effects such as numbness and tingling of extremities; metallic taste; depression; fatigue; malaise; weight loss; decreased libido; gastrointestinal irritation; metabolic acidosis; renal calculi and transient myopia . 
For avoiding these side effects , recently , topically effective CAIs have been developed in the last 10 years , with two drugs available clinically : dorzolamide and brinzolamide . 
Both these drugs are applied topically as water solutions / suspensions , alone or in combination with other agents ( beta-blockers , prostaglandin derivatives , etc ) and produce a consistent and prolonged reduction of IOP . 
Furthermore , recent reports show both the systemically as well as topically acting sulfonamide CAIs to be effective in the treatment of macular edema , macular degeneration disease , or diabetic retinopathy , for which pharmacological treatment is unavailable up to now . 
Much research is in act in the search of more effective topically acting CAIs , free of the inconveniences and side effects of the presently available drugs . 
For achieving this goal , two recently reported strategy , the tail approach and its variant , the sugar-tail approach , were extensively applied for the synthesis of large numbers of derivatives possessing desired physico-chemical properties . 
Many such new sulfonamides showed promising antiglaucoma activity in animal models of the disease . Flexible Low-Voltage Organic Transistors with High Thermal Stability at 250 °C . α-Conotoxin Vc1 . 1 specifically and potently inhibits the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor subtype α9α10 ( α9α10 nAChR ) and is a potential novel treatment for neuropathic pain . 
Here , we used a combination of computational modeling and electrophysiology experiments to determine the Vc1 . 1 binding site on the α9α10 nAChR . 
Interactions of Vc1 . 1 with two probable binding sites , α9α10 and α10α9 , were modeled . 
Mutational energies calculated by assuming specific interactions in the α10α9 binding site correlated better with electrophysiological recordings than those assuming interactions with the α9α10 binding site . 
Two novel Vc1 . 1 analogues , [ N9F ] Vc1 . 1 and [ N9W ] Vc1 . 1 , were predicted to have large differences in affinity between the two binding sites . 
Data from functional studies were consistent with computational predictions that assumed preferred binding of Vc1 . 1 to the α10α9 pocket . 
Moreover , our modeling study suggested that a single hydrogen bond formed between Vc1 . 1 and position 59 of the α10α9 pocket confers specificity to rat versus human α9α10 nAChRs . Expression of Cyp1a1 and its related enzyme activity have long been used as a biomarker for aryl hydrocarbon receptor ( AhR ) activation and a warning of dioxin-like toxicity . 
As a result , induction of Cyp1a1 by pharmaceutical drug candidates or environmental contaminants raises significant concern in risk assessment . 
The current study evaluates the specificity of Cyp1a1 induction as a marker for AhR affinity and activation and provides context to assess the relevancy of AhR activation to risk assessment . 
In vivo experiments examined the expression of Cyp1a1 and other AhR-regulated genes in liver , kidney , and heart in response to 596 compounds . 
From this data set , a subset of 147 compounds was then evaluated for their ability to activate or bind to the AhR using a combination of gel shift , reporter gene , and competitive receptor binding assays . 
Whereas in vivo Cyp1a1 mRNA expression is a sensitive marker for AhR activation , it lacks specificity , because 81 ( 59% ) of 137 compounds were found to significantly induce Cyp1a1 in vivo but were not verified to bind or activate the AhR in vitro . 
Combining in vivo and in vitro findings , we identified nine AhR agonists , six of which are marketed therapeutics and have been approved by the U . 
S . 
Food and Drug Administration , including leflunomide , flutamide , and nimodipine . 
These drugs do not produce dioxin-like toxicity in rats or in humans . 
These data demonstrate that induction of Cyp1a1 is a nonspecific biomarker of direct AhR affinity and activation and lend further support to the hypothesis that Cyp1a1 induction and / or AhR activation is not synonymous with dioxin-like toxicity . Clopidogrel , CYP2C19 , and a Black Box . Structure-based design of novel dihydroisoquinoline BACE-1 inhibitors that do not engage the catalytic aspartates . Tyrosine hydroxylase binds tetrahydrobiopterin cofactor with negative cooperativity , as shown by kinetic analyses and surface plasmon resonance detection . Abstract 1 . 
Cooperative interactions are frequently observed in the metabolism of drugs and pollutants by cytochrome P450s; nevertheless , the molecular determinants for cooperativity remain elusive . 
Previously , we demonstrated that steady-state styrene metabolism by CYP2E1 exhibits positive cooperativity . 
2 . 
We hypothesized that styrene metabolites have lower affinity than styrene toward CYP2E1 and limited ability to induce cooperative effects during metabolism . 
To test the hypothesis , we determined the potency and mechanism of inhibition for styrene and its metabolites toward oxidation of 4-nitrophenol using CYP2E1 Supersomes® and human liver microsomes . 
3 . 
Styrene inhibited the reaction through a mixed cooperative mechanism with high affinity for the catalytic site ( 67 µM ) and lower affinity for the cooperative site ( 1100 µM ) , while increasing substrate turnover at high concentrations . 
Styrene oxide and 4-vinylphenol possessed similar affinity for CYP2E1 . 
Styrene oxide behaved cooperatively like styrene , but 4-vinylphenol decreased turnover at high concentrations . 
Styrene glycol was a very poor competitive inhibitor . 
Among all compounds , there was a positive correlation with binding and hydrophobicity . 
4 . 
Taken together , these findings for CYP2E1 further validate contributions of cooperative mechanisms to metabolic processes , demonstrate the role of molecular structure on those mechanisms and underscore the potential for heterotropic cooperative effects between different compounds . The synthesis of several 4-phenyl-5-pyridin-4-yl-2 , 3-dihydro-3H-1 , 2 , 4-triazole-3-thiones possessing N-2 Mannich bases or S-alkyl substituents , is reported . 
Several of them exhibited a low nanomolar COX enzyme inhibition activity . 
Most of the compounds showed inhibition of edema was similar to that evoked by celocoxib in animal model . 
Molecular docking studies of the compounds into the binding sites of COX-1 and COX-2 allowed us to shed light on the binding mode of these novel COX inhibitors . RATIONALE : Prior research has found that adults with attention-deficit / hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) show increased sensitivity to the impairing effects of alcohol ( Weafer et al . 
, Exp Clin Psychopharmacol 17 : 113-121 , 2009 ) . 
However , these studies have focused exclusively on the ascending limb of the blood alcohol concentration ( BAC ) curve , and it is unclear whether these adults continue to show increased sensitivity during the later phase of the dose as BAC is declining . 
OBJECTIVE : This study tested the hypothesis that those with ADHD would display increased response to alcohol during the ascending limb of the BAC curve and less recovery from the impairing effects during the descending limb . 
METHODS : Adult social drinkers with ADHD and control adults completed measures of motor coordination , reaction time ( RT ) , and subjective intoxication twice following 0 . 64 g / kg alcohol and placebo . 
The measures were administered during the ascending limb of the BAC curve and again during the descending limb . 
RESULTS : During the ascending limb , alcohol reduced motor coordination , slowed RT , and increased self-reports of subjective intoxication . 
Those with ADHD displayed greater impairment of motor coordination compared with controls . 
During the descending limb , controls reported diminished subjective intoxication and showed recovery from the impairing effects of alcohol on both their motor coordination and their RT . 
Those with ADHD showed reduced subjective intoxication and faster RT during this time , but they did not recover motor control . 
CONCLUSIONS : The protracted time course of motor impairment in adults with ADHD despite reductions in subjective intoxication may contribute to poor decision making and diminished behavioral control in this group . The functions of microRNAs ( miRNAs ) as either oncogenes or tumor suppressors in regulating cancer-related events have been established . 
We analyzed the alterations in the miRNA expression profile of the glioma cell line U-251 caused by ionizing radiation ( IR ) by using an miRNA array and identified several miRNAs whose expression was significantly affected by IR . 
Among the IR-responsive miRNAs , we further examined the function of miR-193a-3p , which exhibited the most significant growth-inhibiting effect . 
miR-193a-3p was observed to induce apoptosis in both U-251 and HeLa cells . 
We also demonstrated that miR-193a-3p induces the accumulation of intracellular reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) and DNA damage as determined by the level of γH2AX and by performing the comet assay . 
The induction of both apoptosis and DNA damage by miR-193a-3p was blocked by antioxidant treatment , indicating the crucial role of ROS in the action of miR-193a-3p . 
Among the putative target proteins , the expression of Mcl-1 , an anti-apoptotic Bcl-2 family member , decreased because of miR-193a-3p transfection . 
A reporter assay using a luciferase construct containing the 3'-untranslated region of Mcl-1 confirmed that Mcl-1 is a direct target of miR-193a-3p . 
Down-regulation of Mcl-1 by siRNA transfection closely mimicked the outcome of miR-193a-3p transfection showing increased ROS , DNA damage , cytochrome c release , and apoptosis . 
Ectopic expression of Mcl-1 suppressed the pro-apoptotic action of miR-193a-3p , suggesting that Mcl-1 depletion is critical for miR-193a-3p induced apoptosis . 
Collectively , our results suggest a novel function for miR-193a-3p and its potential application in cancer therapy . Human Organic Anion Transporting Polypeptide 2B1 ( OATP2B1 ) is a membrane transporter that facilitates the cellular uptake of a number of endogenous compounds and drugs . 
OATP2B1 is widely expressed in tissues including the small intestine , liver , kidney , placenta , heart , skeletal muscle and platelets . 
Recently , it has been shown that differential promoter usage in tissues results in expression of five OATP2B1 transcriptional start site variants which utilize distinct first exons but share common subsequent exons . 
These variants are expected to encode either a full length ( OATP2B1-FL ) or shortened protein lacking 22 N-terminus amino acids ( OATP2B-Short ) . 
Little is known regarding the transport activity and regulation of OATP2B1 variants with N-terminus truncation . 
Here , using absolute quantitative polymerase chain reaction we find the full length variant is the major form expressed in duodenum but the short variant predominates in liver . 
Using a transient heterologous cell expression system , we find that the transport activities of the short OATP2B1 variant towards substrates estrone sulfate and rosuvastatin are similar to the well-characterized full length variant . 
Transcriptional activity screening of the liver enriched OATP2B1 variant promoter identified hepatocyte nuclear factor 4 alpha ( HNF4α ) as a novel transacting factor . 
With a combination of in silico screening , promoter mutation in cell-based reporter assays , siRNA knockdown and chromatin immunoprecipitation studies , we identified a functional HNF4α binding site close to the transcription start site ( -17 to -4 bp ) . 
We conclude that the major OATP2B1 protein form in liver is transport competent and its hepatic expression is regulated by HNF4α . High levels of ephrinB2 over-expression increases the osteogenic differentiation of human mesenchymal stem cells and promotes enhanced cell mediated mineralisation in a polyethyleneimine-ephrinB2 gene-activated matrix . Conivaptan , the first vasopressin receptor antagonist approved by the FDA , is available for the treatment of hyponatremia in euvolemic and hypervolemic patients . 
The renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system is activated in heart failure ( HF ) causing clinical worsening . 
Arginine vasopressin levels are also elevated in HF . 
Conivaptan is an effective and FDA approved for the treatment of euvolemic and hypervolemic hyponatremia and may offer an extra treatment option in HF by targeting V ( 1a ) and V ( 2 ) receptors . 
In this article we review the physiology , preclinical studies as well as the human clinical studies on the use of conivaptan and its potential and promise in the treatment of HF . Retinoic acid inhibits HIV-1-induced podocyte proliferation through the cAMP pathway . Epichlorohydrin ( ECH ) is an antifertility agent that acts both as an epididymal toxicant and an agent capable of directly affecting sperm motility . 
This study identified the time course of apoptotic cell death in rat epididymides after ECH treatment . 
Rats were administrated with a single oral dose of ECH ( 50 mg / kg ) . 
ECH-induced apoptotic changes were evaluated by terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase dUTP nick end labeling ( TUNEL ) assay and its related mechanism was confirmed by Western blot analysis and colorimetric assay . 
The TUNEL assay showed that the number of apoptotic cells increased at 8 h , reached a maximum level at 12 h , and then decreased progressively . 
The Western blot analysis demonstrated no significant changes in proapoptotic Bcl-2-associated X ( Bax ) and anti-apoptotic Bcl-2 expression during the time course of the study . 
However , phospho-p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase ( p-p38 MAPK ) and phospho-c-Jun amino-terminal kinase ( p-JNK ) expression increased at 8-24 h . 
Caspase-3 and caspase-8 activities also increased at 8-48 h and 12-48 h , respectively , in the same manner as p-p38 MAPK and p-JNK expression . 
These results indicate that ECH induced apoptotic changes in rat epididymides and that the apoptotic cell death may be related more to the MAPK pathway than to the mitochondrial pathway . A series of novel pyrazole integrated benzophenones ( 9a-j ) have been designed , synthesized from 1-methyl-5- ( 2 , 4 , 6-trimethoxy-phenyl ) -1H-pyrazole 6 . 
The structures of the regioisomers 6 and 7 were determined by 2D ( 1 ) H- ( 1 ) H COSY , ( 1 ) H- ( 13 ) C HSQC and ( 1 ) H- ( 13 ) C HMBC experiments . 
The newly synthesized compounds ( 9a-j ) were evaluated for in vivo anti-inflammatory activity by carrageenan paw edema in rats and in vitro COX-1 / COX-2 inhibition and antioxidant potential . 
Among the synthesized compounds , compounds 9b , 9d and 9f , were found to be active anti-inflammatory agents in addition to having potent antioxidant activity . The persistent membrane retention of desipramine causes lasting inhibition of norepinephrine transporter function . Peripheral site ligands accelerate inhibition of acetylcholinesterase by neutral organophosphates . N-methyl-d-aspartate ( NMDA ) receptors are glutamate-gated ion channels whose function is critical for normal excitatory synaptic transmission in the brain and whose dysfunction has been implicated in several neurologic conditions . 
NMDA receptor function is subject to extensive allosteric regulation both by endogenous compounds and by exogenous small molecules . 
Elucidating the structural determinants and mechanism of action by which allosteric regulators control gating will enhance our understanding of NMDA receptor activation and facilitate the development of novel therapeutics . 
Here , we investigated the structural determinants for ( 3-chlorophenyl ) ( 6 , 7-dimethoxy-1- ( ( 4-methoxyphenoxy ) methyl ) -3 , 4-dihydroisoquinolin-2 ( 1H ) -yl ) methanone ( CIQ ) , a GluN2C / 2D-selective positive allosteric modulator . 
We show that CIQ does not bind to the amino-terminal domain of the NMDA receptor and does not share structural determinants with modulators acting at the agonist-binding domain dimer interface or ion channel pore . 
Rather , we identified critical determinants of CIQ modulation in the region near the first transmembrane helix of GluN2D , including in a putative pre-M1 cuff helix that may influence channel gating . 
We also show that mutations within the GluN2D pre-M1 region alter open probability of the NMDA receptor . 
These results suggest a novel site of action for potentiation of NMDA receptors by small molecules and implicate the pre-M1 region in NMDA receptor gating . The inhibition of the aromatase-induced intratumoral estrogen synthesis is one of the main anticancer pharmacological strategies . 
The aim of this paper was to study if a melatonin pretreatment prior to aminoglutethimide increases the efficiency of the aromatase inhibitor used in treating breast cancer . 
Aminoglutethimide ( 100 microM ) and melatonin ( 1 nM ) significantly decreased cellular aromatase activity in unpretreated MCF-7 cells . 
A sequential regimen of melatonin ( 1 nM ) followed 24 h later by aminoglutethimide ( 100 microM ) induced a significantly higher decrease in MCF-7 cell aromatase activity to below the values obtained in unpretreated cells . 
Melatonin treatment inhibited aromatase mRNA expression in unpretreated cells and a sequential treatment of cells with melatonin followed by aminoglutethimide induced a significant inhibition in the aromatase mRNA expression as compared to cells exposed to the same doses of aminoglutethimide , but without melatonin pretreatment . 
The present study demonstrates that a treatment with melatonin followed by aminoglutethimide is the most effective way of reducing the aromatase activity in the MCF-7 cell line . 
The aminoglutethimide inhibitory effect is more potent when MCF-7 cells are pre-exposed to melatonin . 
Our results suggest that melatonin pretreatment increases the reduction of the aromatase activity of cells exposed to aminoglutethimide as a result of the decrease in the aromatase mRNA expression . 
The findings presented here point to melatonin pretreatment as a novel and interesting means to increase the efficacy of competitive aromatase inhibitors used in treating breast cancer . Synthesis and antagonistic activity at muscarinic receptor subtypes of some 2-carbonyl derivatives of diphenidol . The field of proteomics is undergoing rapid development in a number of different areas including improvements in mass spectrometric platforms , peptide identification algorithms and bioinformatics . 
In particular , new and / or improved approaches have established robust methods that not only allow for in-depth and accurate peptide and protein identification and modification , but also allow for sensitive measurement of relative or absolute quantitation . 
These methods are beginning to be applied to the area of neuroproteomics , but the central nervous system poses many specific challenges in terms of quantitative proteomics , given the large number of different neuronal cell types that are intermixed and that exhibit distinct patterns of gene and protein expression . 
This review highlights the recent advances that have been made in quantitative neuroproteomics , with a focus on work published over the last five years that applies emerging methods to normal brain function as well as to various neuropsychiatric disorders including schizophrenia and drug addiction as well as of neurodegenerative diseases including Parkinson's disease and Alzheimer's disease . 
While older methods such as two-dimensional polyacrylamide electrophoresis continued to be used , a variety of more in-depth MS-based approaches including both label ( ICAT , iTRAQ , TMT , SILAC , SILAM ) , label-free ( label-free , MRM , SWATH ) and absolute quantification methods , are rapidly being applied to neurobiological investigations of normal and diseased brain tissue as well as of cerebrospinal fluid ( CSF ) . 
While the biological implications of many of these studies remain to be clearly established , that there is a clear need for standardization of experimental design and data analysis , and that the analysis of protein changes in specific neuronal cell types in the central nervous system remains a serious challenge , it appears that the quality and depth of the more recent quantitative proteomics studies is beginning to shed light on a number of aspects of neuroscience that relates to normal brain function as well as of the changes in protein expression and regulation that occurs in neuropsychiatric and neurodegenerative disorders . "The goal of this study was to examine the effect of maternal iron deficiency on the developing hippocampus in order to define a developmental window for this effect , and to see whether iron deficiency causes changes in glucocorticoid levels . 
The study was carried out using pre-natal , post-natal , and pre + post-natal iron deficiency paradigm . 
Iron deficient pregnant dams and their pups displayed elevated corticosterone which , in turn , differentially affected glucocorticoid receptor ( GR ) expression in the CA1 and the dentate gyrus . 
Brain Derived Neurotrophic Factor ( BDNF ) was reduced in the hippocampi of pups following elevated corticosterone levels . 
Reduced neurogenesis at P7 was seen in pups born to iron deficient mothers , and these pups had reduced numbers of hippocampal pyramidal and granule cells as adults . 
Hippocampal subdivision volumes also were altered . 
The structural and molecular defects in the pups were correlated with radial arm maze performance; reference memory function was especially affected . 
Pups from dams that were iron deficient throughout pregnancy and lactation displayed the complete spectrum of defects , while pups from dams that were iron deficient only during pregnancy or during lactation displayed subsets of defects . 
These findings show that maternal iron deficiency is associated with altered levels of corticosterone and GR expression , and with spatial memory deficits in their pups . 
Orexin-A ( a glucose-sensing neuropeptide in the hypothalamus ) and brain-derived neurotrophic factor ( BDNF; a member of the neurotrophin family ) play roles in many physiologic functions , including regulation of glucose metabolism . 
We previously showed that the development of postischemic glucose intolerance is one of the triggers of ischemic neuronal damage . 
The aim of this study was to determine whether there was an interaction between orexin-A and BDNF functions in the hypothalamus after cerebral ischemic stress . 
Male ddY mice were subjected to 2 hours of middle cerebral artery occlusion ( MCAO ) . 
Neuronal damage was estimated by histologic and behavioral analyses . 
Expression of protein levels was analyzed by Western blot . 
Small interfering RNA directed BDNF , orexin-A , and SB334867 [ N- ( 2-methyl-6-benzoxazolyl ) -N'-1 , 5-naphthyridin-4-yl urea; a specific orexin-1 receptor antagonist ] were administered directly into the hypothalamus . 
The level of hypothalamic orexin-A , detected by immunohistochemistry , was decreased on day 1 after MCAO . 
Intrahypothalamic administration of orexin-A ( 1 or 5 pmol / mouse ) significantly and dose-dependently suppressed the development of postischemic glucose intolerance on day 1 and development of neuronal damage on day 3 . 
The MCAO-induced decrease in insulin receptor levels in the liver and skeletal muscle on day 1 was recovered to control levels by orexin-A , and this effect of orexin-A was reversed by the administration of SB334867 as well as by hypothalamic BDNF knockdown . 
These results suggest that suppression of postischemic glucose intolerance by orexin-A assists in the prevention of cerebral ischemic neuronal damage . 
In addition , hypothalamic BDNF may play an important role in this effect of orexin-A . Regulators must balance societal and medical requirements against the need for certainty about benefit and risk for new medicines . 
This is described in a case study of the expedited review and approval of peramivir , a novel neuraminidase inhibitor , in Japan in the context of the emergence of new strain of influenza in 2009 . 
The case illustrates the importance of regulatory science and transparency in supporting such decision making . TCDD exposure has various toxic effects on in the human nervous system resulting in various developmental and behavioral deficits . 
However the underlying molecular mechanism of TCDD-induced adverse effects on the CNS and associated signaling pathways remains largely unknown . 
Herein we analyzed acute TCDD exposure in the rat brain cortex to investigate whether misregulation of the Wnt / β-catenin signaling pathway plays a role in neurotoxicity . 
Western blot and immunohistochemical experiments revealed a significant down-regulation of β-catenin and phospho-glycogen synthase kinase-3β ( pSer9-GSK-3β ) after TCDD exposure . 
TUNEL assay results showed apoptosis occurs mainly at day 7 after TCDD treatment . 
Immunofluorescent labeling indicated that β-catenin was localized mainly in the neurons; co-localization of β-catenin and active caspase-3 was found following TCDD exposure . 
Further , TCDD exposure decreased the level of pSer9-GSK-3β and β-catenin , and increased apoptosis in the PC12 neuronal cell line in a dose-dependent manner . 
Interestingly the application of lithium chloride , a GSK-3β inhibitor , reversed the suppressive effect of TCDD on β-catenin in PC12 cells and primary cortical neurons restoring cell viability and protecting cells from apoptosis as compared to untreated controls . 
Taken together , these results indicate that the canonical Wnt / β-catenin signaling pathway may play an important role in TCDD-induced neurotoxicity and neuronal apoptosis . In vivo selection of antifolate-resistant transgenic hematopoietic stem cells in a murine bone marrow transplant model . Alcohol dehydrogenase ( ADH ) and aldehyde dehydrogenase ( ALDH ) exhibit genetic polymorphism and tissue specificity . 
ADH and ALDH isozyme phenotypes from 39 surgical Chinese lung specimens were identified by agarose isoelectric focusing . 
The identity of the lung beta-ADHs was further demonstrated by their characteristic pH-activity profiles for ethanol oxidation , Km values for NAD and ethanol , and inhibition by 4-methylpyrazole or 1 , 10-phenanthroline . 
The beta 2 allele , coding for beta 2 polypeptide , was found to be predominant in the lung specimens studied . 
The ADH activities in the lungs with the homozygous phenotype ADH2 2-2 ( exhibiting beta 2 beta 2 ) and ADH2 1-1 ( exhibiting beta 1 beta 1 ) and the heterozygous phenotype ADH2 2-1 ( exhibiting beta 2 beta 2 , beta 2 beta 1 , and beta 1 beta 1 ) were determined to be 999 + / - 77 , 48 + / - 17 , and 494 + / - 61 nmol / min / g tissue , respectively . 
Fifty-one percent of the specimens studied lacked the ALDH2 activity band on the isoelectric focusing gels . 
The activities in the lung tissues with the ALDH2-active phenotype and the inactive phenotype were determined to be 30 + / - 3 and 17 + / - 1 nmol / min / g tissue , respectively . 
These findings indicate that human pulmonary ethanol-metabolizing activities differ significantly with respect to genetic polymorphism at both the ADH2 and the ALDH2 loci . 
The results suggest that individuals with high Vmax beta 2-ADH and deficient in low-Km mitochondrial ALDH2 , accounting for approximately 45% of the Chinese population , may end up with acetaldehyde accumulation during alcohol consumption , rendering them vulnerable to tissue injury caused by this highly reactive and toxic metabolite . Methionine aminopeptidase-2 ( MetAP2 ) is a novel target for cancer therapy . 
As part of an effort to discover orally active reversible inhibitors of MetAP2 , a series of anthranilic acid sulfonamides with micromolar affinities for human MetAP2 were identified using affinity selection by mass spectrometry ( ASMS ) screening . 
These micromolar hits were rapidly improved to nanomolar leads on the basis of insights from protein crystallography; however , the compounds displayed extensive binding to human serum albumin and had limited activity in cellular assays . 
Modifications based on structural information on the binding of lead compounds to both MetAP2 and domain III of albumin allowed the identification of compounds with significant improvements in both parameters , which showed good cellular activity in both proliferation and methionine processing assays . High-resolution NMR spectroscopy was used to determine the docking of a substrate ( prostaglandin H2 ) mimic ( U46619 ) to the engineered prostacyclin ( PGI2 ) synthase ( PGIS ) in solution . 
The binding of U46619 to the PGIS protein was demonstrated by 1D NMR titration , and the significant perturbation of the chemical shifts of protons at C-11 , H2C , and H20 of U46619 were observed upon U46619 binding to the engineered PGIS in a concentration-dependent manner . 
The detailed conformational change and 3D structure of the PGIS-bound U46619 were further demonstrated by 2D 1H NMR experiments using the transferred NOE technique . 
The distances between the protons H20 and H2 , H18 and H2 , and H18 and H4 are shorter following their binding to the PGIS in solution-down to within 5 A . 
These shorter distances resulted in a widely open conformation , where the triangle shape of the unbound U46619 changed to a more compact conformation with an oval shape . 
The bound conformation of U46619 fits the crystal structure of the PGIS substrate binding pocket considerably better than that of the unbound U46619 . 
The residues important to the substrate binding in the active site pocket of PGIS were also predicted . 
For example , Trp282 could be one of the most important residues and is suspected to play a role in the determination of specific catalytic function , which has been established by the docking studies using the NMR structure of the PGIS-bound form of U46619 and the PGIS crystal structure . 
These studies have provided the structural information for the interaction of the PGIS with its substrate mimic . 
The noted conformational changes where the C-6 position is closer to the C-9 position of U46619 provided the first experimental data for understanding the molecular mechanism of the catalytic function of PGIS in the isomerization of PGH2 to prostacyclin . Novel glycyrrhizin ( GL ) derivatives were designed and synthesized by introducing various amine or amino acid residues into the carbohydrate chain and at C-30 . 
Their inhibitory effects on high-mobility group box 1 ( HMGB1 ) were evaluated using a cell-based lipopolysaccharide ( LPS ) induced tumor necrosis factor α ( TNF-α ) release study . 
Compounds 10 , 12 , 18-20 , 23 , and 24 , which had substituents introduced at C-30 , demonstrated moderate HMGB1 inhibition with ED₅₀ values ranging from 337 to 141 μM , which are values comparable to that of the leading GL compound ( 1 ) ( ED₅₀ = 70 μM ) . 
Compounds 23 and 24 emerged as novel and interesting HMGB1 inhibitors . 
These compounds were able to extend the survival of mice with chronic heart failure ( CHF ) and acute heart failure ( AHF ) , respectively . 
In addition , molecular modeling studies were performed to support the biological data . Compensatory renal hypertrophy following reduction in renal mass leads to a hypermetabolic state and increases in basal mitochondrial oxidative stress and susceptibility to several nephrotoxicants . 
Previous studies provide conflicting data on whether renal mitochondria after reduction in renal mass undergo proliferation or hypertrophy or both . 
In the present study , our goal was to determine whether mitochondria of hypertrophied kidney undergo hypertrophy or proliferation after uninephrectomy using the uninephrectomized ( NPX ) rat model . 
Renal proximal tubular ( PT ) cells from NPX rats exhibited increased mitochondrial density , membrane potential and protein but no significant difference in mitochondrial DNA , as compared to PT cells from control rats . 
Our previous studies showed that overexpression of two mitochondrial anion transporters , the dicarboxylate ( DIC , Slc25a10 ) and oxoglutarate ( OGC , Slc25a11 ) carriers , in NRK-52E cells resulted in increased mitochondrial uptake of glutathione ( GSH ) and protection from chemically induced apoptosis . 
In the present study , we overexpressed DIC- and OGC-cDNA plasmids to assess their function in renal PT cells after compensatory renal hypertrophy . 
PT cells from NPX rats that were first preincubated with GSH were protected from cytotoxicity due to the mitochondrial inhibitor antimycin A by overexpression of either of the two mitochondrial GSH transporters . 
Our present results provide further evidence that compensatory renal hypertrophy is associated primarily with mitochondrial hypertrophy and hyperpolarization and that manipulation of mitochondrial GSH transporters in PT cells of hypertrophied kidney can alter susceptibility to chemically induced injury under appropriate conditions and may be a suitable therapeutic approach . Poorly differentiated thyroid carcinoma presenting with gross extrathyroidal extension : 1986-2009 Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center experience . A non-catalytic function of Rev1 in translesion DNA synthesis and mutagenesis is mediated by its stable interaction with Rad5 . Sucralfate is a site-protective ulcer healing drug with a remarkable range of mechanisms of action . 
Recent studies highlight the capacity of sucralfate to bind basic fibroblast growth factor ( bFGF ) and deliver it in high concentration to the ulcer . 
Basic fibroblast growth factor stimulates the production of granulation tissue , angiogenesis and re-epithelization , thus improving the quality of ulcer healing . 
The effect of sucralfate in reducing parietal cell sensitivity may be another factor important in the lower relapse rate demonstrated after duodenal ulcer healing . 
Sucralfate has been demonstrated to be efficacious in healing both duodenal and gastric ulcers together with mild oesophagitis , and it is safe for both short-term use and maintenance . 
In stress ulcer prophylaxis it is as effective as acid suppression or neutralization and has the advantage of lesser rates of nosocomial pneumonia than are demonstrated with antacids or H2 antagonists . 
The potential advantages of sucralfate lie in the better quality of ulcer healing associated with longer duration of remission . Virus-sized particulate adjuvants such as ISCOMs , polystyrene nanoparticles and virus-like particles have been shown to target dendritic cells , resulting in the activation of T and B cells in vivo . 
Using an ovine pseudo-afferent lymph cannulation model to capture APC that traffic from the site of injection to the local lymph node , we show that 40-50nm nanoparticles are taken up at the site of injection by dendritic cells ( DCs ) migrating to the draining lymph node . 
These DCs can express CD11c , CD1b , CD5 , MHC class II and CD8 . 
Nanoparticles transported by DCs migrating from the site of injection to the local lymph node therefore needs to be considered as a new mechanism underlying the immunogenicity of virus-sized vaccine delivery systems . Design and synthesis of bicyclic pyrazinone and pyrimidinone amides as potent TF-FVIIa inhibitors . We examined the effect of inhibition of Na + / H + exchange ( NHE ) on duodenal bicarbonate secretion ( DBS ) in rats to further understand DBS regulation . 
DBS was measured by using the pH-stat method and by using CO2-sensitive electrodes . 
5- ( N , N-dimethyl ) -amiloride ( 50 microM; DMA ) , a concentration that selectively inhibits the NHE isoforms NHE1 and NHE2 , but not NHE3 , did not affect DBS . 
Nevertheless , 3 mM DMA , a higher concentration that inhibits NHE1 , NHE2 , and NHE3 , significantly increased DBS . 
Moreover , S1611 and S3226 , both specific inhibitors of NHE3 only , or perfusion with Na + -free solutions , dose dependently increased DBS , as measured by pH-stat and CO2-sensitive electrode , without affecting intracellular pH . 
Coperfusion with 0 . 1 microM indomethacin , 0 . 5 mM DIDS , or 1 mM methazolamide did not affect S3226-induced DBS . 
Nevertheless , coperfusion with 0 . 1 and 0 . 3 mM 5-nitro-2- ( 3-phenylpropylamino ) benzoic acid , which inhibits the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductor regulator ( CFTR ) , dose dependently inhibited S3226-induced DBS . 
In conclusion , only specific apical NHE3 inhibition increased DBS , whereas prostaglandin synthesis , Na + -HCO3- cotransporter activation , or intracellular HCO3- formation by carbonic anhydrase was not involved . 
Because NHE3 inhibition-increased DBS was inhibited by an anion channel inhibitor and because reciprocal CFTR regulation has been previously shown between NHE3 and apical membrane anion transporters , we speculate that NHE3 inhibition increased DBS by altering anion transporter function . One type of therapy for thromboembolism is plasmatic thrombolysis . 
Several plasminogen activators ( PA ) are clinically available , including urokinase ( u-PA ) , tissue plasminogen activator ( t-PA ) , streptokinase ( SK ) , plasminogen-streptokinase-activator-complex ( PSAC ) , or mutants of t-PA such as reteplase ( RP ) or tenecteplase ( TP ) . 
Therapeutic plasmatic fibrinolysis was simulated , using the PA at relevant plasma concentrations , and plasmin ( Pli ) and PA activities were determined . 
Normal citrated plasma was supplemented with 31 to 1 , 000 IU / mL u-PA , 0 . 31 to 20 microg / mL t-PA , 125 to 4 , 000 IU / mL SK , 12 . 5 to 400 U / mL PSAC , 125 to 4 , 000 U / mL RP , or 0 . 31 to 10 microg / mL TP . 
Ten IU / mL urokinase was also incubated with pooled plasma of stroke patients , that was previously oxidized with the singlet oxygen ( 1O2 ) donor chloramine T ( CT ) , to destroy plasmatic PAI-1 and alpha2-antiplasmin . 
After 0 to 80 minutes ( 37 degrees C ) , 50-microL samples were withdrawn and added to 100 microL 1 . 5 M arginine , pH 8 . 7 , and oxidized with 50 microL of 20 mM CT . 
For determination of plasmin activity , 10 microL thereof was incubated with 150 microL 1 . 5 M arginine , pH 8 . 7 , and 100 microL 20 mM CT preoxidized ( 15 minutes 37 degrees C ) pooled normal citrate buffered EDTA-plasma for 30 minutes ( 37 degrees C ) . 
For determination of [ PA + Pli ] -activity , arginine was added after this incubation . 
25-microL 6 mM Val-Leu-Lys-pNA were added and deltaA / h at room temperature ( RT ) was monitored , using a microtiterplate reader . 
[ PA + Pli ] -Pli = PA . 
The PA concentration required to induce 25% [ ED25 ] of the maximally inducible Pli-activity in plasma ( = 1 U / mL = 45 mg / L = 0 . 53 micromol / L active Pli; deltaA = 363 + / - 8 mA / h RT ) after 10 minutes ( 37 degrees C ) were 320 IU / mL u-PA , 8 microg / mL t-PA , 140 U / mL PSAC , 6 , 000 IU / mL SK , 720 U / mL RP , and approximately 150 microg / mL TP . 
The approximate activity half-lives of the PA in plasma were 30 minutes for u-PA , 30 minutes for t-PA , greater than 80 minutes for SK , greater than 80 minutes for PSAC , 50 minutes for RP , and 80 minutes for TP . 
The present study shows--for the first time--a combined kinetic in vitro simulation of the plasmatic activity of six different PAs . 
At clinically used concentrations , RP induces the highest plasmatic Pli activity . 
Due to unselective generation of plasmin in plasma , all PA are of some danger in inducing severe hemorrhagias . 
Clinical thrombolysis might be improved by usage of more physiologic activators of thrombolysis , such as activators of polymorphonuclear neutrophils . We have previously shown that retinoic acid ( RA ) synthesized by the retinaldehyde dehydrogenase 2 ( RALDH2 ) is required in forebrain development . 
Deficiency in RA due to inactivation of the mouse Raldh2 gene or to complete absence of retinoids in vitamin-A-deficient ( VAD ) quails , leads to abnormal morphogenesis of various forebrain derivatives . 
In this study we show that double Raldh2 / Raldh3 mouse mutants have a more severe phenotype in the craniofacial region than single null mutants . 
In particular , the nasal processes are truncated and the eye abnormalities are exacerbated . 
It has been previously shown that retinoids act mainly on cell proliferation and survival in the ventral forebrain by regulating SHH and FGF8 signaling . 
Using the VAD quail model , which survives longer than the Raldh-deficient mouse embryos , we found that retinoids act in maintaining the correct position of anterior and dorsal boundaries in the forebrain by modulating FGF8 anteriorly and WNT signaling dorsally . 
Furthermore , BMP4 and FGF8 signaling are affected in the nasal region and BMP4 is ventrally expanded in the optic vesicle . 
At the optic cup stage , Pax6 , Tbx5 and Bmp4 are ectopically expressed in the presumptive retinal pigmented epithelium ( RPE ) , while Otx2 and Mitf are not induced , leading to a dorsal transdifferentiation of RPE to neural retina . 
Therefore , besides being required for survival of ventral structures , retinoids are involved in restricting anterior identity in the telencephalon and dorsal identity in the diencephalon and the retina . Increased responsiveness of rat colonic splanchnic afferents to 5-HT after inflammation and recovery . The dopamine D4 receptor , which is considered a close variant of the dopamine D2 receptor , has recently been cloned . 
Receptor binding studies demonstrated that clozapine , which is an effective antipsychotic agent but atypical in that it lacks the usual side effects of other antipsychotic agents , has high selectivity for the dopamine D4 receptor versus the dopamine D2 receptor . 
Comparative binding affinity studies have been carried out for a number of interesting dopaminergic agents using membranes prepared from cloned dopamine D2 and D4 receptor containing cells . 
It was found that clozapine is selective for the dopamine D4 vs . 
the D2 receptor by a factor of 2 . 8 . 
Other compounds with dopamine D4 receptor selectivity were ( + ) -apomorphine ( 8 . 7 ) , ( + ) -N-propyl-norapomorphine ( NPA ) ( 2 . 4 ) and melperone ( 1 . 3 ) . 
Compounds with considerable selectivity for the dopamine D2 receptor were haloperidol ( 0 . 31 ) , chlorpromazine ( 0 . 084 ) , trifluoperazine ( 0 . 034 ) and raclopride ( 0 . 001 ) . 
Overall , the results with the antipsychotic agents tested , support the concept that dopamine D4 receptor selectivity may confer clozapine-like antipsychotic efficacy and furthermore that dopamine D2 receptor selectivity may confer side effect liability ( extrapyramidal side effects and tardive dyskinesia ) . mGluR1 in the fundic glands of rat stomach . Abstract 1 . 
Prediction of biliary excretion is a challenge due to the lack of in vitro assays . 
Our laboratory previously demonstrated a highly significant correlation between in vitro IC ( 50 ) values against mrp2 using rat canalicular liver plasma membrane vesicles and in vivo biliary excretion ( Colombo et al . 
, 2012 ) . 
This study explores the possibility of predicting in vivo biliary excretion in human using membrane vesicles prepared from MDCKII cells transfected with human ABCC2 . 
2 . 
In vitro MRP2 activity was determined by measuring the ATP-dependent uptake of 5 ( 6 ) -carboxy-2' , 7'-dichlorofluorescein ( CDCF ) in inside-out membrane vesicles isolated from MDCK-ABCC2 cells . 
CDCF uptake was time- and concentration-dependent ( K ( m ) of 4 . 0 ± 1 . 2 µM and a V ( max ) of 7 . 8 ± 0 . 9 pmol / mg / min ) and inhibited by benzbromarone and MK-571 with IC ( 50 ) values of 1 . 2 and 7 . 6 µM , respectively . 
3 . 
A significant linear correlation ( r ( 2 ) = 0 . 790 ) between the in vitro IC ( 50 ) values from the described MRP2 assay and in vivo biliary excretion in humans was observed using 11 well-documented drugs covering low to high biliary excretions . 
4 . 
This study demonstrates , for the first time , that inhibition of CDCF uptake in MDCKII-ABCC2 vesicles not only provides a screening assay to assess MRP2 drug-drug interaction potential , but is also predictive of human MRP2-mediated biliary excretion . Thiazinotrienomycin B ( TT-B ) , an ansamycin isolated from fermentation broths of Streptomyces sp . 
MJ672-m3 , inhibited the growth in vitro of human stomach tumor SC-6 cells over 10 times more strongly than the growth of other human tumor cells , such as HeLa ( cervix ) , T24 ( bladder ) and LX-1 ( lung ) . 
The extent of growth inhibition by TT-B of SC-6 , but not of LX-1 nor T24 , was lowered in a competitive manner by raising serum concentrations in the culture medium . 
TT-B inhibited the cell cycle progression of SC-6 at an early stage of the progression from G0 / G1 to S . 
The inhibition was again competitive with serum concentrations in the culture medium . 
No direct inhibition of DNA synthesis was observed at the concentration range which caused the cell cycle arrest . 
TT-B and anti-epidermal growth factor receptor ( anti-EGFR ) were antagonistic to each other in inhibiting the cell cycle progression of SC-6 from G0 / G1 to S , suggesting that the two compounds share the same target , EGFR . 
The kinase activity of EGFR was little inhibited by TT-B in a cell-free system . AIM : To determine the expressions of cysteinyl leukotriene receptors , CysLT1 and CysLT2 , in airway eosinophilic inflammation of OVA-induced asthmatic mice and the modulation by montelukast , a CysLT1 receptor antagonist . 
METHODS : Asthma model was induced by chronic exposure to ovalbumin ( OVA ) in C57BL / 6 mice . 
The eosinophils in bronchoalveolar lavage ( BAL ) fluid and lung tissues were counted , IL-5 level in BAL fluid was measured , and CysLT1 and CysLT2 receptor mRNA expressions were detected by semi-quantitative RT-PCR . 
RESULTS : Montelukast ( 6 mg / kg , once per day for 20 d ) significantly suppressed the increased eosinophils in BAL fluid and lung tissue , and increased IL-5 level in BAL fluid in OVA challenged mice . 
OVA challenge increased CysLT1 but decreased CysLT2 receptor mRNA expression . 
Montelukast inhibited the increased CysLT1 but not the reduced CysLT2 expression after OVA challenge . 
CONCLUSION : CysLT receptors are modulated immunologically , and montelukast inhibits up-regulation of CysLT1 receptor and airway eosinophilic inflammation in asthmatic mice . To study the influence of dopaminergic activity on the expression of dopamine D2 receptors and glutamic acid decarboxylase in substantia nigra , mice were treated daily for several days with an irreversibly acting dopamine D1 and dopamine D2 receptor antagonist N-ethoxycarbonyl-2-ethoxy-1 , 2-dihydroquinoline ( EEDQ ) or with a selective irreversible D2 dopamine receptor antagonist fluphenazine-N-mustard . 
Mice were killed 24 h after the last injection . 
Dopamine D1 and dopamine D2 receptors were determined by receptor autoradiography , and dopamine D1 and dopamine D2 receptor mRNA and glutamic acid decarboxylase mRNA were determined by in situ hybridization histochemistry . 
The results showed that treatment with EEDQ , which blocked 80% to 85% of the dopamine D2 and dopamine D1 receptors in substantia nigra , increased the levels of dopamine D2 receptor mRNA in substantia nigra by about 27% . 
Treatment with fluphenazine-N-mustard , which blocked about 85% of the dopamine D2 receptors in substantia nigra but had no significant effect on dopamine D1 receptors , increased the levels of dopamine D2 receptor mRNA by about 34% . 
There were no detectable levels of dopamine D1 receptors , increased the levels of dopamine D2 receptor mRNA by about 34% . 
There were no detectable levels of dopamine D1 receptor mRNA in substantia nigra either in control animals or in animals treated with the dopamine receptor antagonists . 
Glutamic acid decarboxylase mRNA was expressed in several regions of the mid-brain but only that expressed in substantia nigra was altered by treatment with dopamine receptor antagonists . 
( ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS ) Binding properties of the calcium-activated F2 isoform of Lethocerus troponin C . The current study was carried out to investigate the potential role of 4 , 5 dihydroxy benzene 1 , 3 disulfonic acid di sodium salt ( Tiron ) and glutathione ( GSH ) either individually or in combination against aluminum ( Al ) -induced toxicity in Wistar rats . 
Animals were exposed to aluminum chloride at a dose of 172 . 5mg / kg / d orally for 10 weeks . 
Tiron and GSH were administered at a dose of 471-mg / kg / d i . 
p . 
and 100mg / kg / d orally , respectively , for 7 consecutive days . 
Tiron is a diphenolic chelating compound which forms water soluble complexes with a large number of metal ions . 
Induction of oxidative stress was recorded in brain and serum after Al exposure . 
Significant decrease was recorded in reduced glutathione ( GSH ) , glutathione reductase ( GR ) , glutathione peroxidase ( GP ( x ) ) , catalase ( CAT ) , superoxide dismutase ( SOD ) , acetyl cholinesterase ( AChE ) and an increase was observed in thiobarbituric acid reacting substance ( TBARS ) and glutathione-S-transferase ( GST ) in brain and serum . 
Most of the above parameters responded positively to individual therapy with Tiron , but more pronounced beneficial effects on the above-described parameters were observed when Tiron was administered in combination with GSH . 
Inductively Coupled Plasma-Atomic Emission Spectroscopy ( ICP-AES ) studies also showed significantly high concentration of Al in brain and blood . 
Tiron was slightly more effective then GSH in reducing the concentration of Al from the brain and blood , however , no further improvement was recorded when Tiron was administered in combination with GSH in reducing the concentration of Al . Mollugin originally isolated from Rubia cordifolia is a pharmacological compound for its anti-inflammation , anti-cancer , and anti-viral activity . 
In the present study , a cocktail probe assay was performed for determination of the selective inhibitory effect of mollugin on cytochrome P450 ( CYP ) enzymes in human liver microsomes ( HLM ) . 
Incubation of isoform-specific substrate probes CYPs with mollugin ( 0-25μM ) in HLM resulted in strong inhibition of CYP1A2-catalyzed phenacetin O-deethylation , showing IC ( 50 ) values of 1 . 03 and 3 . 55μM without and with pre-incubation , respectively . 
Mollugin-caused inhibition of phenacetin O-deethylation was concentration-dependent in HLMs , but not time-dependent . 
In addition , the Lineweaver-Burk plot indicated a typical competitive inhibition . 
Inhibitory effects of mollugin on human recombinant cDNA-expressed CYP1A1 and 1A2 were comparable . 
Taken together , the results suggested that mollugin might cause herb-drug interaction through selective inhibition of CYP1A2 in humans receiving herbal medications , including R . 
cordifolia . A fluorescent polymeric heparin sensor . Rat liver acyl-CoA synthetase 4 is a peripheral-membrane protein located in two distinct subcellular organelles , peroxisomes , and mitochondrial-associated membrane . BACKGROUND : Exenatide ( exendin-4 ) is an incretin mimetic currently marketed as an antidiabetic agent for patients with type 2 diabetes . 
In preclinical models , a reduction in body weight has also been shown in low-fat-fed , leptin receptor-deficient rodents . 
OBJECTIVE : To more closely model the polygenic and environmental state of human obesity , we characterized the effect of exenatide on food intake and body weight in high-fat-fed , normal ( those with an intact leptin signaling system ) rodents . 
As glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonism has been found to elicit behaviors associated with visceral illness in rodents , we also examined the effect of peripheral exenatide on kaolin consumption and locomotor activity . 
METHODS AND RESULTS : High-fat-fed C57BL / 6 mice and Sprague-Dawley rats were treated with exenatide ( 3 , 10 and 30 microg / kg / day ) for 4 weeks via subcutaneously implanted osmotic pumps . 
Food intake and body weight were assessed weekly . 
At 4 weeks , body composition and plasma metabolic profiles were measured . 
Kaolin consumption and locomotor activity were measured in fasted Sprague-Dawley rats following a single intraperitoneal injection of exenatide ( 0 . 1-10 microg / kg ) . 
Exenatide treatment in mice and rats dose-dependently decreased food intake and body weight; significant reductions in body weight gain were observed throughout treatment at 10 and 30 microg / kg / day ( P<0 . 05 ) . 
Decreased body weight gain was associated with a significant decrease in fat mass ( P<0 . 05 ) with sparing of lean tissue . 
Plasma cholesterol , triglycerides and insulin were also significantly reduced ( P<0 . 05 ) . 
Exenatide at 10 microg / kg significantly reduced food intake ( P<0 . 05 ) but failed to induce kaolin intake . 
In general , locomotor activity was reduced at doses of exenatide that decreased food intake , although a slightly higher dose was required to produce significant changes in activity . 
CONCLUSION : Systemic exenatide reduces body weight gain in normal , high-fat-fed rodents , a model that parallels human genetic variation and food consumption patterns , and may play a role in metabolic pathways mediating food intake . Receptor-mediated pharmacodynamics of prednisolone in the rat . PDE4 is one of eleven known cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase families and plays a pivotal role in mediating hydrolytic degradation of the important cyclic nucleotide second messenger , cyclic 3'5' adenosine monophosphate ( cAMP ) . 
PDE4 inhibitors are known to have anti-inflammatory properties , but their use in the clinic has been hampered by mechanism-associated side effects that limit maximally tolerated doses . 
In an attempt to initiate the development of better-tolerated PDE4 inhibitors we have surveyed existing approved drugs for PDE4-inhibitory activity . 
With this objective , we utilised a high-throughput computational approach that identified moexipril , a well tolerated and safe angiotensin-converting enzyme ( ACE ) inhibitor , as a PDE4 inhibitor . 
Experimentally we showed that moexipril and two structurally related analogues acted in the micro molar range to inhibit PDE4 activity . 
Employing a FRET-based biosensor constructed from the nucleotide binding domain of the type 1 exchange protein activated by cAMP , EPAC1 , we demonstrated that moexipril markedly potentiated the ability of forskolin to increase intracellular cAMP levels . 
Finally , we demonstrated that the PDE4 inhibitory effect of moexipril is functionally able to induce phosphorylation of the small heat shock protein , Hsp20 , by cAMP dependent protein kinase A . 
Our data suggest that moexipril is a bona fide PDE4 inhibitor that may provide the starting point for development of novel PDE4 inhibitors with an improved therapeutic window . Evidence of mitochondrial dysfunction and impaired ROS detoxifying machinery in Fanconi Anemia cells . Anticancer activity and mediation of apoptosis in human HL-60 leukaemia cells by edible sea cucumber ( Holothuria edulis ) extract . Synthesis of four novel ( 4'R ) - and ( 4'S ) - 2'-{ [ ( E ) -3β-hydroxyandrost-5-en-17-ylidene ] -methyl} oxazolines , comprising 4'-hydroxymethyl ( 1 and 2 ) and 4'-methoxycarbonyl ( 3 and 4 ) substituents is presented . 
Reaction of 17α-bromo-21-iodo-3β-acetoxypregn-5-en-20-one with either ( L ) -serine methyl ester , or ( D ) -serine methyl ester resulted in methyl N- [ 3β-acetoxy-21-oxopregna-5 , 17 ( 20 ) -dien-21-yl ] - ( L ) -serinate and methyl N- [ 3β-acetoxy-21-oxopregna-5 , 17 ( 20 ) -dien-21-yl ] - ( D ) -serinate ( as mixtures of related [ 17 ( 20 ) E ] - and [ 17 ( 20 ) Z ] -isomers ) . 
Cyclization of obtained amides led to methyl 2'-{ [ ( E ) -3β-acetoxyandrost-5-en-17-ylidene ] methyl}- ( 4'S ) -4' , 5'-dihydro-1' , 3'-oxazole-4'-carboxylate and methyl 2'-{ [ ( E ) -3β-acetoxyandrost-5-en-17-ylidene ] methyl}- ( 4'R ) -4' , 5'-dihydro-1' , 3'-oxazole-4'-carboxylate which were transformed to titled compounds 1-4 . 
The molecular docking of compounds 1-4 to ligand binding site of nuclear receptor LXRβ revealed significant differences due to stereochemical configuration of 4' atom and structure of 4'-substituent . Potent α-glucosidase and protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B inhibitors from Artemisia capillaris . OBJECTIVE : The objective of this study was to determine the effect of nonspecific phosphodiesterase inhibition on transcription factor activation and tumor necrosis factor-alpha ( TNF-alpha ) production in lipopolysaccharide ( LPS ) -stimulated human mononuclear cells . 
INTRODUCTION : The production of TNF-alpha following LPS stimulation is one of the key steps in bacterial sepsis and inflammation . 
The mechanism by which phosphodiesterase inhibition alters TNF-alpha production in the presence of LPS remains unclear . 
METHODS : Human mononuclear cells were stimulated with LPS ( 1 microg / mL ) , in the presence and absence of Pentoxifylline ( PTX; 20 mM ) , a nonspecific phosphodiesterase inhibitor . 
Western blotting of phosphorylated cytoplasmic I-kBalpha , nuclear factor-kB p65 ( NF-kB ) , and nuclear cAMP-response element binding protein ( CREB ) was performed . 
DNA binding of NF-kB and CREB was verified by electrophoretic mobility shift assay . 
TNF-a levels were determined in the supernatant of stimulated cells in the presence and absence Protein kinase A inhibition by an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay ( ELISA ) . 
RESULTS : PTX was demonstrated to significantly reduce cytoplasmic I-kBalpha phosphorylation , nuclear p65 phosphorylation , and the DNA binding activity of NF-kB . 
In contrast , PTX markedly enhanced the phosphorylation and DNA binding activity of CREB . 
Cells concomitantly treated with PTX and LPS secreted similar levels of TNF-a in the presence and absence Protein kinase A inhibition . 
DISCUSSION : The increased level of cAMP that results from phosphodiesterase inhibition affects cytoplasmic and nuclear events , resulting in the attenuation of NF-kB and the activation of CREB transcriptional DNA binding through pathways that are partially Protein kinase A-independent . 
CONCLUSION : PTX-mediated phosphodiesterase inhibition occurs partially through a Protein kinase A-independent pathway and may serve as a useful tool in the attenuation of LPS-induced inflammation . Ketoprofenoyl-CoA thioester 3 was synthesized by coupling ketoprofen to coenzyme A using the mixed anhydride method . 
Diastereoisomeric compounds 3a and 3b corresponding to the enantiomers of ketoprofen , were obtained in optically pure form by preparative HPLC . 
A non-acylating analogue , rac-3- ( 3-benzoylphenyl ) -2-oxo-butanoyl-CoA ( 7 ) was also prepared . 
The biological evaluation suggested that 3a and 3b are reversible inhibitors of COX-1 and irreversible inhibitors of COX-2 . 
Compound 7 appears to be a poor but selective inhibitor of COX-1 . Raised activity of the LH axis caused by activating mutations of LH receptor gene presents with precocious puberty in boys , analogous to the presentation of LH secreting pituitary adenomas ( Faggiano et al . 
, 1983; Ambrosi et al . 
, 1990 ) . 
LH "hyperactivity' in females appears to have no effect . 
Hyperactivity of the FSH axis caused by activating mutations of the FSH receptor gene might parallel the presentation of FSH secreting pituitary adenomas with Sertoli cell hypertrophy in men ( Heseltine et al . 
, 1989 ) or reversible premature ovarian failure in women ( Moses et al . 
, 1986; Okuda et al . 
, 1989 ) . 
Indeed the first such case to be described is a male who maintained testicular volume and fertility in the absence of gonadotrophins ( Gromoll et al . 
, 1996 ) . 
Female precocious puberty may require hyperactivity of both gonadotrophin axes because of the "two-cell' arrangement required for ovarian oestrogen production . 
Mutations of the Gs alpha-subunit gene can mimic this situation in some women with the McCune-Albright syndrome ( Malchoff et al . 
, 1994 ) . 
Lack of LH activity caused by defects in the LH beta molecule causes infertility in men and that resulting from inactivating mutations of the LH receptor gene causes Leydig cell agenesis in men while ovarian development in females is relatively normal . 
Lack of FSH activity caused by defects in the FSH beta caused infertility in a female , and that caused by inactivating mutations of the FSH receptor gene causes ovarian dysgenesis in women but only variable depression of spermatogenesis in men . 
Incidentally , this categorization of reproductive disorders may also be applied to the TSH axis . 
Pituitary adenomas and activating mutations of the TSH receptor gene ( Parma et al . 
, 1993 ) cause hyperthyroidism and TSH beta gene defects ( Hayashizaki et al . 
, 1989 ) and inactivating mutations of the TSH receptor gene ( Sunthornthepvarakul et al . 
, 1995 ) cause hypothyroidism . 
To complete the analogy with thyroid disorders , it is curious that despite structural similarities with the TSH receptor , neither LH nor FSH receptor autoantibodies have a prominent role in ovarian pathophysiology ( Moncayo et al . 
, 1989; Van Weissenbruch et al . 
, 1991; Simoni et al . 
, 1993 ) . 
Complete gonadotrophin resistance is likely to be very rare , however , so what are we likely to find in partial gonadotrophin resistance? Might the "resistant ovary syndrome' come right in the end , with corresponding minor FSH receptor mutations? Experience with insulin and androgen resistance syndromes suggests that such a scenario is unlikely . 
Insulin receptor gene mutations are found in extreme Type A insulin resistance but not in moderate forms of insulin resistance ( O'Rahilly et al . 
, 1991 ) . 
Androgen receptor gene mutations are found in nearly all cases of complete androgen insensitivity but rarely in partial forms ( Patterson et al . 
, 1994 ) . 
Mild resistance to hormone action is rarely detectable in relatives who are heterozygous for receptor mutations which are inherited in a recessive pattern . 
It seems unlikely therefore , that individuals heterozygous for inactivating receptor mutations will manifest symptoms of reproductive disorders and account for common conditions . 
Thus , while mutation analysis provides new insights into the gender specific role of the gonadotrophins the cause of early gonadal failure in the majority of individuals remains a mystery . CpG island hypermethylation occurs in most cases of cancer , typically resulting in the transcriptional silencing of critical cancer genes . 
Procainamide has been shown to inhibit DNA methyltransferase activity and reactivate silenced gene expression in cancer cells by reversing CpG island hypermethylation . 
We report here that procainamide specifically inhibits the hemimethylase activity of DNA methyltransferase 1 ( DNMT1 ) , the mammalian enzyme thought to be responsible for maintaining DNA methylation patterns during replication . 
At micromolar concentrations , procainamide was found to be a partial competitive inhibitor of DNMT1 , reducing the affinity of the enzyme for its two substrates , hemimethylated DNA and S-adenosyl-l-methionine . 
By doing so , procainamide significantly decreased the processivity of DNMT1 on hemimethylated DNA . 
Procainamide was not a potent inhibitor of the de novo methyltransferases DNMT3a and DNMT3b2 . 
As further evidence of the specificity of procainamide for DNMT1 , procainamide failed to lower genomic 5-methyl-2'-deoxycytidine levels in HCT116 colorectal cancer cells when DNMT1 was genetically deleted but significantly reduced genomic 5-methyl-2'-deoxycytidine content in parental HCT116 cells and in HCT116 cells where DNMT3b was genetically deleted . 
Because many reports have strongly linked DNMT1 with epigenetic alterations in carcinogenesis , procainamide may be a useful drug in the prevention of cancer . Neuronal apoptosis induced by oxidative stress is a prominent feature of neurodegenerative disorders . 
[ 6 ] -shogaol , a bio-active compound in ginger , possesses potent anti-inflammatory actions and has recently emerged as a potential therapeutic agent for neurodegenerative disorders . 
However , the effects of [ 6 ] -shogaol on astroglial apoptosis following exogenously induced oxidative stress has not yet been investigated . 
Here , we show that the anti-apoptotic activity of [ 6 ] -shogaol in astrocytes following exposure to hydrogen peroxide ( H ( 2 ) O ( 2 ) ) involves a marked up-regulation of neurotrophic factors such as nerve growth factor , glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor , and brain-derived neurotrophic factor . 
Astrocytes co-treated with [ 6 ] -shogaol and H ( 2 ) O ( 2 ) for 1 h showed decrease in reactive oxygen species production compared with those only treated with H ( 2 ) O ( 2 ) . 
Moreover , [ 6 ] -shogaol counteracted the reduced expression of ERK1 / 2 in H ( 2 ) O ( 2 ) -treated astrocytes and protected these cells from oxidative stress and apoptosis by attenuating the impairment of mitochondrial function proteins such as Bcl-2 and Bcl-xL . 
Additionally , [ 6 ] -shogaol inhibits the expression of the apoptotic proteins Bax and caspase-3 in H ( 2 ) O ( 2 ) -treated astrocytes . 
This data suggest that following oxidative stress , [ 6 ] -shogaol protects astrocytes from oxidative damage through the up-regulating levels of neurotrophic factors . 
These findings provide further support for the use of [ 6 ] -shogaol as a therapeutic agent in neurodegenerative disorders . 
Copyright © 2013 John Wiley & Sons , Ltd . Receptors for prostaglandin E ( 2 ) that regulate cellular immune responses in the mouse . Changes in submaxillary gland gene expression in F344 rats by multiple dosing of theophylline . Transport of gabapentin by LAT1 ( SLC7A5 ) . Hormones and body size evolution in papionin primates . Effects of topical budesonide treatment on glucocorticoid receptor mRNA down-regulation and cytokine patterns in nasal polyps . Fragment-based design , synthesis , and biological evaluation of N-substituted-5- ( 4-isopropylthiophenol ) -2-hydroxynicotinamide derivatives as novel Mcl-1 inhibitors . Dihydropyridines ( DHPs ) block L-type Ca2 + channels more potently at depolarized membrane potentials , consistent with high affinity binding to the inactivated state . 
Nisoldipine ( a DHP antagonist ) blocks the smooth muscle channel more potently than the cardiac one , a phenomenon observed not only in native channels but also in expressed channels . 
We examined whether this tissue specificity was attributable to differences of inactivation in the two channel types . 
We expressed cardiac or smooth muscle alpha1C subunits in combination with beta2a and alpha2 / delta subunits in human embryonic kidney cells , and used 2 mM Ca2 + as the permeant ion . 
This system thus reproduces the in vivo topology and charge carrier of the channels while facilitating comparison of the two alpha1C splice variants . 
Both voltage-dependent and isoform-specific sensitivity of 10 nM nisoldipine inhibition of the channel were demonstrated , with the use of -100 mV as the holding potential for fully reprimed channels and -65 mV to populate the inactivated state . 
Under drug-free conditions , we characterized fast inactivation ( 1-sec prepulses ) and slow inactivation ( 3 min prepulses ) in the two isoforms . 
Inactivation parameters were not statistically different in the two channel isoforms; if anything , cardiac channels tended to inactivate more than the smooth muscle channels at relevant voltages . 
Likewise , the voltage-dependent activation was identical in the two isoforms . 
We thus conclude that the more potent nisoldipine inhibition of smooth muscle versus cardiac L-type Ca2 + channels is not attributable to differences in channel inactivation or activation . 
Intrinsic , gating-independent DHP receptor binding affinity differences must be invoked to explain the isoform-specific sensitivity of the DHP block . Cytokine-inducible nitric oxide synthase ( iNOS ) is a homodimeric enzyme that generates nitric oxide ( NO ) and L-citrulline from L-arginine ( L-Arg ) and O2 . 
The N-terminal oxygenase domain ( amino acids 1-498; iNOSox ) in each subunit binds heme , L-Arg , and tetrahydrobiopterin ( H4B ) , is the site of NO synthesis , and is responsible for the dimeric interaction , which must occur to synthesize NO . 
In both cells and purified systems , iNOS dimer assembly is promoted by H4B , L-Arg , and L-Arg analogs . 
We examined the ability of imidazole and N-substituted imidazoles to promote or inhibit dimerization of heme-containing iNOSox monomers , or to affect iNOS dimerization in cells . 
Imidazole , 1-phenylimidazole , clotrimazole , and miconazole all bound to the iNOSox monomer heme iron . 
Imidazole and 1-phenylimidazole promoted iNOSox dimerization , whereas clotrimazole ( 30 microM ) and miconazole ( 15 microM ) did not , and instead inhibited dimerization normally promoted by L-Arg and H4B . 
Clotrimazole also bound to iNOSox dimers in the absence of L-Arg and H4B and caused their dissociation . 
When added to cells expressing iNOS , clotrimazole ( 50 microM ) had no effect on iNOS protein expression but almost completely inhibited its dimerization and consequent NO synthesis over an 8-h culture period , without affecting calmodulin interaction with iNOS . 
Thus , imidazoles can promote or inhibit dimerization of iNOS both in vitro and in cells , depending on their structure . 
Bulky imidazoles like clotrimazole block NO synthesis by inhibiting assembly of the iNOS dimer , revealing a new means to control cellular NO synthesis . Hyperglycemia slows embryonic growth and suppresses cell cycle via cyclin D1 and p21 . Modification of the Catalytic Function of Human Hydroxysteroid Sulfotransferase hSULT2A1 by Formation of Disulfide Bonds . High Level ab initio Calculations for ClFn ( + ) ( n = 1-6 ) Ions : Refining the Recoupled Pair Bonding Model . Immunoglobulin treatment suppresses atherosclerosis in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice via the Fc portion . A great number of people are suffering from allergic inflammatory disease such as asthma , atopic dermatitis , and sinusitis . 
Therefore discovery of drugs for the treatment of these diseases is an important subject in human health . 
In this study , we investigated anti-allergic inflammatory effect of galangin and underlying mechanisms of action using in vitro and in vivo models . 
Galangin inhibited histamine release by the reduction of intracellular calcium in phorbol 12-mystate 13-acetate plus calcium ionophore A23187-stimulated human mast cells ( HMC-1 ) . 
Galangin decreased expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines , such as tumor necrosis factor ( TNF ) -α , interleukin ( IL ) -6 , IL-1β , and IL-8 . 
The inhibitory effect of galangin on theses pro-inflammatory cytokines was related with c-Jun N-terminal kinases , and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase , nuclear factor-κB , and caspase-1 . 
Furthermore , galangin attenuated IgE-mediated passive cutaneous anaphylaxis and the expression of histamine receptor 1 at the inflamed tissue . 
The inhibitory effects of galangin were more potent than cromolyn , a known anti-allergic drug . 
Our results showed that galangin down-regulates mast cell-derived allergic inflammatory reactions by blocking histamine release and expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines . 
In light of in vitro and in vivo anti-allergic inflammatory effects , galangin could be a beneficial anti-allergic inflammatory agent . Role of retinoic acid receptors in squamous-cell carcinoma in human esophagus . With the recent interest of protease-activated receptors ( PAR ) 1 and PAR4 as possible targets for the treatment of thrombotic disorders , we compared the efficacy of protease-activated receptor ( PAR ) 1 and PAR4 in the generation of procoagulant phenotypes on platelet membranes . 
PAR4-activating peptide ( AP ) -stimulated platelets promoted thrombin generation in plasma up to 5 minutes earlier than PAR1-AP-stimulated platelets . 
PAR4-AP-mediated factor V ( FV ) association with the platelet surface was 1 . 6-fold greater than for PAR1-AP . 
Moreover , PAR4 stimulation resulted in a 3-fold greater release of microparticles , compared with PAR1 stimulation . 
More robust FV secretion and microparticle generation with PAR4-AP was attributable to stronger and more sustained phosphorylation of myosin light chain at serine 19 and threonine 18 . 
Inhibition of Rho-kinase reduced PAR4-AP-mediated FV secretion and microparticle generation to PAR1-AP-mediated levels . 
Thrombin generation assays measuring prothrombinase complex activity demonstrated 1 . 5-fold higher peak thrombin levels on PAR4-AP-stimulated platelets , compared with PAR1-AP-stimulated platelets . 
Rho-kinase inhibition reduced PAR4-AP-mediated peak thrombin generation by 25% but had no significant effect on PAR1-AP-mediated thrombin generation . 
In conclusion , stimulation of PAR4 on platelets leads to faster and more robust thrombin generation , compared with PAR1 stimulation . 
The greater procoagulant potential is related to more efficient FV release from intracellular stores and microparticle production driven by stronger and more sustained myosin light chain phosphorylation . 
These data have implications about the role of PAR4 during hemostasis and are clinically relevant in light of recent efforts to develop PAR antagonists to treat thrombotic disorders . Neuroprotective Effects of Puerarin on 1-methyl-4-phenyl-1 , 2 , 3 , 6-tetrahydropyridine induced Parkinson's Disease Model in Mice . Administration of oxime therapy is currently the standard approach used to reverse the acute toxicity of organophosphorus ( OP ) compounds , which is usually attributed to OP inhibition of acetylcholinesterase ( AChE ) . 
Rate constants for reactivation of OP-inhibited AChE by even the best oximes , such as HI-6 and obidoxime , can vary >100-fold between OP-AChE conjugates that are easily reactivated and those that are difficult to reactivate . 
To gain a better understanding of this oxime specificity problem for future design of improved reactivators , we conducted a QSAR analysis for oxime reactivation of AChE inhibited by OP agents and their analogues . 
Our objective was to identify common mechanism ( s ) among OP-AChE conjugates of phosphates , phosphonates and phosphoramidates that result in resistance to oxime reactivation . 
Our evaluation of oxime reactivation of AChE inhibited by a sarin analogue , O-methyl isopropylphosphonofluoridate , or a cyclosarin analogue , O-methyl cyclohexylphosphonofluoridate , indicated that AChE inhibited by these analogues was at least 70-fold more difficult to reactivate than AChE inhibited by sarin or cyclosarin . 
In addition , AChE inhibited by an analogue of tabun ( i . 
e . 
, O-ethyl isopropylphosphonofluoridate ) was nearly as resistant to reactivation as tabun-inhibited AChE . 
QSAR analysis of oxime reactivation of AChE inhibited by these OP compounds and others suggested that the presence of both a large substituent ( i . 
e . 
, ⩾the size of dimethylamine ) and an alkoxy substituent in the structure of OP compounds is the common feature that results in resistance to oxime reactivation of OP-AChE conjugates whether the OP is a phosphate , phosphonate or phosphoramidate . RNA-mediated transcriptional silencing prevents deleterious effects of transposon activity and controls the expression of protein-coding genes . 
It involves long noncoding RNAs ( lncRNAs ) . 
In Arabidopsis thaliana , some of those lncRNAs are produced by a specialized RNA Polymerase V ( Pol V ) . 
The mechanism by which lncRNAs affect chromatin structure and mRNA production remains mostly unknown . 
Here we identify the SWI / SNF ATP-dependent nucleosome-remodeling complex as a component of the RNA-mediated transcriptional silencing pathway . 
We found that SWI3B , an essential subunit of the SWI / SNF complex , physically interacts with a lncRNA-binding protein , IDN2 . 
SWI / SNF subunits contribute to lncRNA-mediated transcriptional silencing . 
Moreover , Pol V mediates stabilization of nucleosomes on silenced regions . 
We propose that Pol V-produced lncRNAs mediate transcriptional silencing by guiding the SWI / SNF complex and establishing positioned nucleosomes on specific genomic loci . 
We further propose that guiding ATP-dependent chromatin-remodeling complexes may be a more general function of lncRNAs . Two-thirds of adults in the U . 
S . 
are overweight or obese , and another 26 million have type 2 diabetes ( T2D ) . 
Patients with diabetes and / or the metabolic syndrome have a significantly increased risk of heart attack and stroke compared with people with normal insulin sensitivity . 
Decreased insulin sensitivity in cardiovascular tissues as well as in traditional targets of insulin metabolic signaling , such as skeletal muscle , is an underlying abnormality in obesity , hypertension , and T2D . 
In the vasculature , insulin signaling plays a critical role in normal vascular function via endothelial cell nitric oxide production and modulation of Ca ( 2 + ) handling and sensitivity in vascular smooth muscle cells . 
Available evidence suggests that impaired vascular insulin sensitivity may be an early , perhaps principal , defect of vascular function and contributor to the pathogenesis of vascular disease in persons with obesity , hypertension , and T2D . 
In the overweight and obese individual , as well as in persons with hypertension , systemic and vascular insulin resistance often occur in concert with elevations in plasma aldosterone . 
Indeed , basic and clinical studies have demonstrated that elevated plasma aldosterone levels predict the development of insulin resistance and that aldosterone directly interferes with insulin signaling in vascular tissues . 
Furthermore , elevated plasma aldosterone levels are associated with increased heart attack and stroke risk . 
Conversely , renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system and mineralocorticoid receptor ( MR ) antagonism reduces cardiovascular risk in these patient populations . 
Recent and accumulating evidence in this area has implicated excessive Ser phosphorylation and proteosomal degradation of the docking protein , insulin receptor substrate , and enhanced signaling through hybrid insulin / IGF-1 receptor as important mechanisms underlying aldosterone-mediated interruption of downstream vascular insulin signaling . 
Prevention or restoration of these changes via blockade of aldosterone action in the vascular wall with MR antagonists ( i . 
e . 
, spironolactone , eplerenone ) may therefore account for the clinical benefit of these compounds in obese and diabetic patients with cardiovascular disease . 
This review will highlight recent evidence supporting the hypothesis that aldosterone and MR signaling represent an ideal candidate pathway linking early promoters of diabetes , especially overnutrition and obesity , to vascular insulin resistance , dysfunction , and disease . On the basis of peripheral ( nonbrain ) neuroendocrine findings in subjects with posttraumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) , it has been hypothesized that these individuals also have a greater central ( brain ) sensitivity to glucocorticoids . 
In nonpsychiatric subjects , it has been found that working and declarative memory performance is selectively impaired by acute glucocorticoid administration . 
We hypothesized that subjects with PTSD , as compared to nonpsychiatric controls , would show greater impairments in verbal declarative memory and working memory , but not attention , following exogenous glucocorticoid administration . 
These data are part of a larger study using functional neuroimaging and peripheral HPA axis measures in these same subjects . 
Subjects underwent a 0 . 5-mg dexamethasone suppression test and measurement of basal cortisol , basal plasma lymphocyte glucocorticoid receptor number , and postdexamethasone cortisol on a separate day . 
Under double-blind randomized crossover conditions , 17-mg hydrocortisone or placebo was administered by intravenous ( i . 
v . 
) bolus to 15 medication-free PTSD subjects ( 4 female ) and 12 nonpsychiatric control subjects ( 4 female ) matched by age , sex , and education level . 
Participants then underwent positron emission tomography ( PET ) scanning and 90 min after the initial drug / placebo administration , cognitive testing was then performed . 
By repeated measures ANCOVA ( covaried for baseline performance on that neuropsychological test ) , neither attention tasks of digit span forward nor backward showed significant change . 
However , there were significant drug ( F = 17 . 644 , df = 1 , 25 P < 0 . 001 ) , group ( F = 4 . 383 , df = 1 , 25 P = 0 . 048 ) , and drug by group interactions ( F = 4 . 756 , df = 1 , 25 P = 0 . 040 ) for verbal declarative memory . 
By t-test , there was not a difference in baseline performance on this measure between subject groups . 
The subject group with PTSD experienced a greater decline in verbal declarative memory performance following hydrocortisone administration . 
For working memory , there were significant group ( F = 6 . 048 , df = 1 , 25 P = 0 . 022 ) and drug by group interactions ( F = 6 . 048 , df = 1 , 25 P = 0 . 022 ) for verbal declarative memory . 
By t-test , there was not a difference in baseline performance on this measure between subject groups . 
The hydrocortisone administration led to impairment in working memory in the group of subjects with PTSD , but not in the control subject group . 
Exploratory correlations between percent cortisol suppression following dexamethasone and baseline plasma lymphocyte glucocorticoid receptor number with declarative and working memory measures among subject groups separately and in a combined way revealed a negative correlation between lymphocyte glucocorticoid receptor density and working memory ( r = -0 . 54 , df = 25 , P = 0 . 008 ) . 
Brain sensitivity to glucocorticoids appears to be greater in subjects with PTSD . 
Heightened vulnerability of declarative memory in subjects with PTSD may indicate hippocampal involvement , whereas working memory vulnerability suggests additional brain regions ( prefrontal , cingulate , temporal , and parietal cortices ) and neurotransmitter systems ( dopamine and serotonin ) particularly sensitive to glucocorticoids in persons with PTSD . ETHNOPHARMACOLOGICAL RELEVANCE : Cyperi Rhizoma has commonly been used for the treatment of gynecological and neuropsychiatric disorders in traditional medicine . 
The aim of this study was to evaluate the estrogenic properties and neuroprotective effects of Cyperi Rhizoma under estrogen-deprived condition in female mice . 
MATERIALS AND METHODS : To determine the estrogen-like effect of Cyperi Rhizoma extract ( CRE ) , we measured luciferase expression after transfection of a promoter construct containing an estrogen response element ( ERE ) and treatment of CRE . 
To evaluate the neuroprotective effect of CRE , we measured striatal dopamine , movement ability , tyrosine hydroxylase ( TH ) immunoreactivity , and apoptosis-related protein expression levels after treatment of CRE either with or without 1-methyl-4-phenyl-1 , 2 , 3 , 6-tetrahydropyridine ( MPTP ) in ovariectomized female mice . 
RESULTS : CRE significantly induced the luciferase expression driven by an ERE in PC12 cells , a dopaminergic cell line , in a dose-dependent manner . 
In mice , MPTP significantly decreased the levels of dopamine in the striatum and behavior performance; in contrast , both CRE and 17β-estradiol benzoate ( EB ) recovered these parameters to normal levels . 
CRE and EB treatment also recovered TH immunopositive fibers and cells , respectively , from MPTP toxicity . 
Additionally , MPTP significantly down-regulated Bcl-2 expression in the mitochondria of dopaminergic cells in the SN , followed by an increase in Bax expression , cytochrome C translocation to the cytosol , andcleaved-caspase-3 expression , whereas these were inhibited by CRE or EB treatment . 
CONCLUSIONS : These findings provide the first evidence that CRE has estrogen-like and neuroprotective effects on dopaminergic neurons in estrogen-deprived mice treated with MPTP-toxin . Temperature Effects of Sputtering of Langmuir-Blodgett Multilayers . Genentech and ImmunoGen are collaborating on the development of trastuzumab emtansine , a HER2 antibody-drug conjugate that comprises Genentech's trastuzumab antibody linked to ImmunoGen's anti-mitotic agent , mertansine ( a maytansine derivative; also known as DM1 ) . 
The conjugate combines two strategies : the anti-HER2 activity of trastuzumab , and the targeted intracellular delivery of mertansine , a tubulin polymerisation inhibitor which interferes with mitosis and promotes apoptosis . 
The linker in trastuzumab emtansine is a non-reducible thioether linker , N-succinimidyl-4- ( N-maleimidomethyl ) cyclohexane-1-carboxylate ( SMCC , designated MCC after conjugation ) . 
Trastuzumab emtansine ( Kadcyla™ ) has been launched in the USA as second-line monotherapy for HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer , and has been filed for approval in the EU and Japan in this indication . 
Trastuzumab emtansine is in phase III development as first-line combination therapy or monotherapy for metastatic HER2-positive breast cancer , and as third-line monotherapy for metastatic HER2-positive breast cancer . 
Phase II development is underway for early-stage breast cancer and phase II / III development is underway in patients with HER2-positive gastric cancer . 
This article summarizes the milestones in the development of trastuzumab emtansine leading to this first approval for the treatment of patients with HER2-positive , metastatic breast cancer who previously received trastuzumab and a taxane , separately or in combination . Although disturbed memory function often coexists with psychosis , the cognitive effects of antipsychotic medications with diverse pharmacodynamic properties are rarely investigated . 
The neurocognitive profile of zuclopenthixol , a thioxanthene dopaminergic antagonist and a conventional neuroleptic agent , has yet to be investigated despite the effect of the drug on a variety of neurotransmitter systems involved in mediation of learning and memory processes . 
In this study , the effect of zuclopenthixol was tested on memory retrieval 24 h after training using an inhibitory avoidance task in rats . 
Acute administration of zuclopenthixol ( 0 . 7 and 1 . 4 mg / kg i . 
p . 
) before retrieval testing increased step-through latency during the test session . 
The same doses of zuclopenthixol did not affect the ambulatory activity of rats in the openfield test and therefore the facilitatory effect of the drug on memory function could not be confounded with any motoric properties . 
This study also investigated the effect of zuclopenthixol on cortical and hippocampal monoaminergic neurotransmitters' levels together with acetylcholinesterase enzyme ( AChE ) activity , both of which are known to be important in control of cognitive function . 
Administration of zuclopenthixol ( 0 . 7 and 1 . 4 mg / kg i . 
p . 
) neither affected dopamine ( DA ) level nor AChE activity in rat cortex and hippocampus . 
On the other hand , the lower dose of zuclopenthixol elevated cortical norepinephrine ( NE ) level , while the higher dose elevated both cortical and hippocampal NE level together with hippocampal serotonin ( 5-HT ) level . 
These results may suggest the involvement of adrenergic and serotonergic mechanisms in the facilitatory effect of zuclopenthixol on retrieval memory . 
Zuclopenthixol may therefore be a better alternative than other commonly used antipsychotic medications reported to impair cognitive function of schizophrenic patients . Androgen insensitivity syndrome ( AIS ) is a disorder caused by a mutation of the gene encoding the androgen receptor ( AR; Xq11-q12 ) . 
The prevalence of AIS has been estimated to be one case in every 20 , 000 to 64 , 000 newborn males for the complete syndrome ( CAIS ) , and the prevalence is unknown for the partial syndrome ( PAIS ) . 
The symptoms range from phenotypically normal males with impaired spermatogenesis to phenotypically normal women with primary amenorrhea . 
Various forms of ambiguous genitalia have been observed at birth . 
The diagnosis is confirmed by determining the exact mutation in the AR gene . 
PAIS individuals require precise diagnosis as early as possible so that the sex can be assigned , treatment can be recommended , and they can receive proper genetic counseling . 
After birth , differential diagnosis should be performed using other forms of abnormal sexual differentiation of primary amenorrhea . 
The treatment of AIS is based on reinforcement sexual identity , gonadectomy planning , and hormone replacement therapy . 
The prognosis for CAIS is good if the testicular tissue is removed at the appropriate time . 
For PAIS , the prognosis depends on the ambiguity of the genitalia and physical and psychosocial adjustment to the assigned sex . Recent evidence suggests that the dopamine D4 receptor may play a role in schizophrenia , and that the atypical properties of the antipsychotic clozapine may be attributable in part to its antagonistic actions at this receptor . 
In the present study , clozapine and three other compounds having D4 dopamine receptor antagonist properties were examined for their effectiveness in reducing losses in prepulse inhibition ( PPI ) induced in rats by the dopamine receptor agonist apomorphine . 
Previously , activity in the PPI model has been shown to correlate highly with the antipsychotic potency of a number of neuroleptics . 
As previously reported , clozapine ( 1-5 . 6 mg / kg ) significantly reduced apomorphine-induced PPI deficits . 
The three D4-selective compounds , CP-293 , 019 ( 5 . 6-17 . 8 mg / kg ) , U-101 , 387 ( 3-30 mg / kg ) and L-745 , 870 ( 1-10 mg / kg ) , also significantly blocked the losses in PPI produced by apomorphine . 
Taken together , these results suggest that dopamine receptor antagonists with selectivity for the D4 dopamine receptor subtype may be effective in the treatment of schizophrenia , while being less likely to produce dyskinesias associated with D2 receptor antagonists . Phenoxybenzamine ( PB ) , a classical alpha-adrenergic antagonist , binds irreversibly to the alpha-adrenergic receptors ( ARs ) . 
Amino acid sequence alignments and the predicted helical arrangement of the seven transmembrane ( TM ) domains suggested an accessible cysteine residue in transmembrane 3 of the alpha ( 2 ) -ARs , in position C ( 3 . 36 ) ( in subtypes A , B , and C corresponding to amino acid residue numbers 117 / 96 / 135 , respectively ) , as a possible site for the PB interaction . 
Irreversible binding of PB to recombinant human alpha ( 2 ) -ARs ( 90 nm , 30 min ) reduced the ligand binding capacity of alpha ( 2A ) - , alpha ( 2B ) - , and alpha ( 2C ) -AR by 81 , 96 , and 77% . 
When the TM3 cysteine , Cys ( 117 ) , of alpha ( 2A ) -AR was mutated to valine ( alpha ( 2A ) -C117V ) , the receptor became resistant to PB ( inactivation , 10% ) . 
The beta ( 2 ) -AR contains a valine in this position ( V ( 3 . 36 ) ; position number 117 ) and a cysteine in the preceding position ( Cys ( 116 ) ) and was not inactivated by PB ( 10 microm , 30 min ) ( inactivation 26% ) . 
The helical orientation of TM3 was tested by exchanging the amino acids at positions 116 and 117 of the alpha ( 2A ) -AR and beta ( 2 ) -AR . 
The alpha ( 2A ) -F116C / C117V mutant was resistant to PB ( inactivation , 7% ) , whereas beta ( 2 ) -V117C was irreversibly inactivated ( inactivation , 93% ) , confirming that position 3 . 36 is exposed to receptor ligands , and position 3 . 35 is not exposed in the binding pocket . The complex marine natural product halichondrin B was compared with NSC 707389 ( E7389 ) , a structurally simplified , synthetic macrocyclic ketone analog , which has been selected for clinical trials in human patients . 
NSC 707389 was invariably more potent than halichondrin B in its interactions with tubulin . 
Both compounds inhibited tubulin assembly , inhibited nucleotide exchange on beta-tubulin , and were noncompetitive inhibitors of the binding of radiolabeled vinblastine and dolastatin 10 to tubulin . 
Neither compound seemed to induce an aberrant tubulin assembly reaction , as occurs with vinblastine ( tight spirals ) or dolastatin 10 ( aggregated rings and spirals ) . 
We modeled the two compounds into a shared binding site on tubulin consistent with their biochemical properties . 
Of the two tubulin structures available , we selected for modeling the complex of a stathmin fragment with two tubulin heterodimers with two bound colchicinoid molecules and a single bound vinblastine between the two heterodimers ( Nature ( Lond ) 435 : 519-522 , 2005 ) . 
Halichondrin B and NSC 707389 fit snugly between the two heterodimers adjacent to the exchangeable site nucleotide . 
Fitting the compounds into this site , which was also close to the vinblastine site , resulted in enough movement of amino acid residues at the vinblastine site to cause the latter compound to bind less well to tubulin . 
The model suggests that halichondrin B and NSC 707389 most likely form highly unstable , small aberrant tubulin polymers rather than the massive stable structures observed with vinca alkaloids and antimitotic peptides . Melamine is a wildly used compound in manufactures of plastics and resins . 
A variety of toxic effects from melamine , including nephrolithiasis , chronic kidney inflammation , and bladder carcinoma , have been mentioned . 
Oxidative stress is considered to be an important pathogenic mechanism of kidney disease which may develop from an increasing free radical production through inflammation . 
The aim of this study is to investigate melamine-induced oxidative stress and inflammation in macrophage-like cell line RAW 264 . 7 and human embryonic kidney cell line HEK293 . 
Results indicated melamine activated nuclear factor ( NF ) -κB through increasing IκB-α degradation and NF-κB p65 / p50 DNA-binding activity . 
In addition , melamine significantly increased COX-2 expression and prostaglandin E2 ( PGE2 ) production . 
Moreover , melamine activated NADPH oxidase ( NOX ) , including NOX1 , 2 and 4 , accompanied with an increase in reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) production . 
Furthermore , melamine-induced ROS production could be attenuated by apocynin , a NOX inhibitor . 
In conclusion , our findings suggest melamine increased inflammation and oxidative stress via activation of NF-κB / COX-2 and NOX / ROS pathway , and first revealed the critical role of NOX in melamine-induced ROS production , suggesting the potential of NOX inhibitor against melamine toxicity . Synthetic glucocorticoid dexamethasone ( DEX ) , a highly potent anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressive agent , is widely used in treatments of brain cancer , inflammatory and autoimmune diseases . 
The objective of the current study was to determine whether a low-dose subchronic DEX treatment ( 100 μg / kg for 8 consecutive days ) exerts long-term effects on apoptosis in the adult rat prefrontal cortex ( PFC ) by examining the expression of cell death-promoting molecules ( poly ( ADP-ribose ) polymerase ( PARP ) , p53 , procaspase 3 , cleaved caspase 3 , Bax ) and cell-survival molecules ( AKT , Bcl-2 ) . 
Our results revealed that body , thymus and adrenal weight as well corticosterone level in the serum and PFC were reduced a day following last DEX injection . 
In PFC , DEX caused activation of AKT , augmentation of pro-survival Bcl-2 protein and enhanced Bcl-2 / Bax protein ratio , as well Bcl-2 translocation to mitochondria . 
The unaltered profile in the protein expression of apoptotic molecules PARP , procaspase 3 and Bax was detected , while the p53 protein was decreased . 
Results of RT-PCR analysis showed decrease of p53 mRNA level and no significant difference in Bcl-2 and Bax mRNA expressions in DEX-treated rats . 
Finally , the DNA fragmentation assay and Fluoro-Jade staining demonstrated no considerable changes in the apoptosis in rat PFC . 
Our findings support the concept that a low-dose DEX creates the hypocorticoid state in the brain and indicate that subchronic DEX treatment activates pro-survival signalling pathway but does not change apoptotic markers in rat PFC . 
This mechanism might be relevant for DEX-induced apoptosis resistance observed during and after chemotherapy of patients with brain tumours . 
© 2013 British Society for Neuroendocrinology . Fumarate reductase ( FRD ) is the key enzyme in fumarate respiration induced by anaerobic growth of bacteria . 
In Helicobacter pylori , this enzyme appears to be constitutively expressed under microaerobic conditions and is not essential for its survival in vitro . 
In this study , the role of FRD in the colonization of H . 
pylori was investigated using a mouse model . 
The frdA gene coding for subunit A of FRD , and two control genes , copA and copP associated with the export of copper out of H . 
pylori , were inactivated by insertion of the chloramphenicol acetyltransferase cassette into these individual genes . 
The isogenic mutants of H . 
pylori strain AH244 were obtained by natural transformation . 
Seventy-five ICR mice ( 15 mice / group ) were orogastrically dosed with either the wild type H . 
pylori strain AH244 , its isogenic mutants , or Brucella broth ( negative control ) . 
Five mice from each group were killed at 2 , 4 and 8 weeks post-inoculation ( WPI ) , respectively . 
H . 
pylori colonization was not detected in mouse gastric mucosa infected with the frdA mutant at any time point in the study by both quantitative culture and PCR . 
In contrast , the mice inoculated with either wild type AH244 , copA or copPH . 
pylori mutants became readily infected . 
These data indicate that FRD plays a crucial role in H . 
pylori survival in the gastric mucosa of mice . 
Given that FRD , present in all H . 
pylori strains , is immunogenic in H . 
pylori -infected patients and H . 
pylori growth in vitro can be inhibited by three anthelmintics ( morantel , oxantel and thiabendazole ) , this enzyme could potentially be used both as a novel drug target as well as in the development of vaccines for H . 
pylori prevention and eradication . Protective effect of cinnamon polyphenols against STZ-diabetic mice fed high-sugar , high-fat diet and its underlying mechanism . Designing , structural elucidation , comparison of DNA binding , cleavage , radical scavenging activity and anticancer activity of copper ( I ) complex with 5-dimethyl-2-phenyl-4- [ ( pyridin-2-ylmethylene ) -amino ] -1 , 2-dihydro-pyrazol-3-one Schiff base ligand . Relative expression of cholesterol transport-related proteins and inflammation markers through the induction of 7-ketosterol-mediated stress in Caco-2 cells . SDH ( L-serine dehydratase , EC 4 . 3 . 1 . 17 ) catalyzes the pyridoxal 5'-phosphate ( PLP ) -dependent dehydration of L-serine to yield pyruvate and ammonia . 
Liver SDH plays an important role in gluconeogenesis . 
Formation of pyruvate by SDH is a two-step reaction in which the hydroxyl group of serine is cleaved to produce aminoacrylate , and then the aminoacrylate is deaminated by nonenzymatic hydrolysis to produce pyruvate . 
The crystal structure of rat liver apo-SDH was determined by single isomorphous replacement at 2 . 8 A resolution . 
The holo-SDH crystallized with O-methylserine ( OMS ) was also determined at 2 . 6 A resolution by molecular replacement . 
SDH is composed of two domains , and each domain has a typical alphabeta-open structure . 
The active site is located in the cleft between the two domains . 
The holo-SDH contained PLP-OMS aldimine in the active site , indicating that OMS can form the Schiff base linkage with PLP , but the subsequent dehydration did not occur . 
Apo-SDH forms a dimer by inserting the small domain into the catalytic cleft of the partner subunit so that the active site is closed . 
Holo-SDH also forms a dimer by making contacts at the back of the clefts so that the dimerization does not close the catalytic cleft . 
The phosphate group of PLP is surrounded by a characteristic G-rich sequence ( ( 168 ) GGGGL ( 172 ) ) and forms hydrogen bonds with the amide groups of those amino acid residues , suggesting that the phosphate group can be protonated . 
N ( 1 ) of PLP participates in a hydrogen bond with Cys303 , and similar hydrogen bonds with N ( 1 ) participating are seen in other beta-elimination enzymes . 
These hydrogen bonding schemes indicate that N ( 1 ) is not protonated , and thus , the pyridine ring cannot take a quinone-like structure . 
These characteristics of the bound PLP suggest that SDH catalysis is not facilitated by forming the resonance-stabilized structure of the PLP-Ser aldimine as seen in aminotransferases . 
A possible catalytic mechanism involves the phosphate group , surrounded by the characteristic sequence , acting as a general acid to donate a proton to the leaving hydroxyl group of serine . The plant growth regulator ethephon ( 2-chloroethylphosphonic acid ) inhibits human butyrylcholinesterase ( BChE ) by making a covalent adduct on the active site serine 198 . 
Our goal was to extend earlier studies on ethephon inhibition . 
Addition of freshly prepared ethephon to BChE in buffered medium , at pH 7 . 0 and 22 °C , resulted in no inhibition initially . 
However , inhibition developed progressively over 60 min of incubation . 
Preincubation of ethephon in pH 7-9 buffers increased its initial inhibitory potency . 
These observations indicated that ethephon itself was not the inhibitor . 
About 3% of the initial ethephon could be trapped as a BChE adduct . 
Mass spectral analysis of the active site peptide from inhibited BChE showed that the inhibitor added a mass of 108 Da to the active site serine on peptide FGES198AGAAS . 
This result rules out a previous hypothesis that ethephon adds HPO3 to BChE ( added mass of 80 Da ) . 
To accommodate these observations , we propose that in aqueous media at neutral to slightly alkaline pH about 3% of the ethephon is converted ( t1 / 2 = 9 . 9 h at pH 7 . 0 ) into a cyclic oxaphosphetane which is the actual BChE inhibitor forming the 2-hydroxyethylphosphonate adduct on BChE at Ser198 while about 97% of the ethephon breaks down to ethylene ( t1 / 2 = 11-48 h at pH 7 . 0 ) which is responsible for plant growth regulation . RATIONALE : In animals , nicotine enhances reinforcement from stimuli unrelated to nicotine intake . 
Human research is suggestive but has not clearly shown a similar influence of nicotine . 
OBJECTIVES : We assessed acute effects of nicotine via smoking on enhancement of positive ( money , music ) or negative ( termination of noise ) reinforcers , or no "reward" ( control ) . 
These different rewards determined the generalizability of nicotine effects . 
MATERIALS AND METHODS : Dependent ( n = 25 ) and nondependent ( n = 27 ) smokers participated in three sessions , each after overnight abstinence . 
Using a within-subjects design , sessions involved no smoking or smoking denicotinized ( 0 . 05 mg ) or nicotine ( 0 . 6 mg ) Quest ( R ) brand cigarettes . 
For comparison , a fourth session involved no abstinence prior to smoking one's own brand to gauge responses under typical nicotine satiation . 
Reinforcement was assessed by responses on a simple operant computer task for the rewards , each available singly on a progressive ratio schedule during separate trials . 
RESULTS : The reinforcing effect of music , but not other rewards , was greater due to the nicotine cigarette , compared to the denicotinized cigarette or no smoking . 
Reinforcement enhancing effects of nicotine did not differ between dependent and nondependent groups , indicating no influence of withdrawal relief . 
Responding due to acute nicotine after abstinence was very similar to responding to one's own brand after no abstinence . 
CONCLUSIONS : Acute nicotine intake per se from smoking after abstinence enhances the reinforcing value of rewards unassociated with smoking , perhaps in a manner comparable to ad lib smoking after no abstinence . 
Nicotine's reinforcement enhancing effects may be specific to certain rewards , perhaps those sensory in nature . Stem cells harvested from peripheral blood are the most commonly used graft source in hematopoietic stem cell transplantation . 
While G-CSF is the most frequently used agent for stem cell mobilization , the use of G-CSF alone results in suboptimal stem cell yields in a significant proportion of patients undergoing autologous transplantation . 
Plerixafor ( AMD3100 , Genzyme Corporation ) is a bicyclam molecule that antagonizes the binding of the chemokine stromal cell-derived factor-1 ( SDF-1 ) to its cognate receptor CXCR4 . 
Plerixafor results in the rapid and reversible mobilization of hematopoietic stem cells into the peripheral circulation and is synergistic when combined with G-CSF . 
In clinical studies of autologous stem cell transplantation , the combination of plerixafor and G-CSF allows the collection of large numbers of stem cells in fewer apheresis sessions and can salvage those who fail G-CSF mobilization alone . Nitrogen-containing bisphosphonates induce apoptosis of hematopoietic tumor cells via inhibition of Ras signaling pathways and Bim-mediated activation of the intrinsic apoptotic pathway . New assignments for multitasking signal transduction inhibitors . 2 , 3 , 7 , 8-Tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin-induced inflammatory activation is mediated by intracellular free calcium in microglial cells . 2 , 3 , 7 , 8-Tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin ( TCDD ) is an endocrine disruptor affecting the reproductive system in humans . 
The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of TCDD administered to pregnant mice at two different doses ( 2-10 ng / kg / day ) , on imprinted genes in the male offspring . 
The degree of methylation and the mRNA expression of Snrpn , Peg3 and Igf2r were analyzed in the sperm , skeletal muscle and liver . 
TCDD administration ( 10 ng / kg / day ) decreased the sperm count in the male offspring . 
It did not affect methylation but increased mRNA expression of Snrpn , Peg3 , Igf2r and Air ncRNA . 
In muscle and liver , TCDD ( 10 ng / kg / day ) induced increases in methylation and decreases in mRNA expression of Igf2r . 
These results show that the robust effects of TCDD on the mRNA expression of Snrpn , Peg3 and Igf2r genes in the sperm and of Igf2r in the muscle and liver are unrelated to changes in methylation in their respective genes . Osteoclast maturation and function primarily depend on receptor activator of NF-κB ligand ( RANKL ) -mediated induction of nuclear factor of activated T cells c1 ( NFATc1 ) , which is further activated via increased intracellular calcium ( [ Ca ( 2 + ) ] ( i ) ) oscillation . 
However , the coordination mechanism that mediates Ca ( 2 + ) oscillation during osteoclastogenesis remains ill defined . 
Here , we identified transmembrane protein 64 ( Tmem64 ) as a regulator of Ca ( 2 + ) oscillation during osteoclastogenesis . 
We found that Tmem64-deficient mice exhibit increased bone mass due in part to impaired osteoclast formation . 
Using in vitro osteoclast culture systems , we show here that Tmem64 interacts with sarcoplasmic endoplasmic reticulum Ca ( 2 + ) ATPase 2 ( SERCA2 ) and modulates its activity . 
Consequently , Tmem64 deficiency significantly diminishes RANKL-induced [ Ca ( 2 + ) ] ( i ) oscillation , which results in reduced Ca ( 2 + ) / calmodulin-dependent protein kinases ( CaMK ) IV and mitochondrial ROS , both of which contribute to achieving the CREB activity necessary for osteoclast formation . 
These data demonstrate that Tmem64 is a positive modulator of osteoclast differentiation via SERCA2-dependent Ca ( 2 + ) signaling . Potent inhibition of HIV-1 replication by novel non-peptidyl small molecule inhibitors of protease dimerization . Investigating the piezotronic effect in p-type piezoelectric semiconductor is critical for developing a complete piezotronic theory and designing / fabricating novel piezotronic applications with more complex functionality . 
Using a low temperature solution method , we were able to produce ultralong ( up to 60 μm in length ) Sb doped p-type ZnO nanowires on both rigid and flexible substrates . 
For the p-type nanowire field effect transistor , the on / off ratio , threshold voltage , mobility , and carrier concentration of 0 . 2% Sb-doped sample are found to be 10 ( 5 ) , 2 . 1 V , 0 . 82 cm ( 2 ) ·V ( -1 ) ·s ( -1 ) , and 2 . 6 × 10 ( 17 ) cm ( -3 ) , respectively , and the corresponding values for 1% Sb doped samples are 10 ( 4 ) , 2 . 0 V , 1 . 24 cm ( 2 ) ·V ( -1 ) ·s ( -1 ) , and 3 . 8 × 10 ( 17 ) cm ( -3 ) . 
We further investigated the universality of piezotronic effect in the as-synthesized Sb-doped p-type ZnO NWs and reported for the first time strain-gated piezotronic transistors as well as piezopotential-driven mechanical energy harvesting based on solution-grown p-type ZnO NWs . 
The results presented here broaden the scope of piezotronics and extend the framework for its potential applications in electronics , optoelectronics , smart MEMS / NEMS , and human-machine interfacing . In mammalian cells , POLQ ( pol θ ) is an unusual specialized DNA polymerase whose in vivo function is under active investigation . 
POLQ has been implicated by different experiments to play a role in resistance to ionizing radiation and defense against genomic instability , in base excision repair , and in immunological diversification . 
The protein is formed by an N-terminal helicase-like domain , a C-terminal DNA polymerase domain , and a large central domain that spans between the two . 
This arrangement is also found in the Drosophila Mus308 protein , which functions in resistance to DNA interstrand crosslinking agents . 
Homologs of POLQ and Mus308 are found in multicellular eukaryotes , including plants , but a comparison of phenotypes suggests that not all of these genes are functional orthologs . 
Flies defective in Mus308 are sensitive to DNA interstrand crosslinking agents , while mammalian cells defective in POLQ are primarily sensitive to DNA double-strand breaking agents . 
Cells from Polq ( - / - ) mice are hypersensitive to radiation and peripheral blood cells display increased spontaneous and ionizing radiation-induced levels of micronuclei ( a hallmark of gross chromosomal aberrations ) , though mice apparently develop normally . 
Loss of POLQ in human and mouse cells causes sensitivity to ionizing radiation and other double strand breaking agents and increased DNA damage signaling . 
Retrospective studies of clinical samples show that higher levels of POLQ gene expression in breast and colorectal cancer are correlated with poorer outcomes for patients . 
A clear understanding of the mechanism of action and physiologic function of POLQ in the cell is likely to bear clinical relevance . Silica precipitation by synthetic minicollagens . β-ionone has been shown to hold potent anti-proliferative and apoptosis induction properties in vitro and in vivo . 
To investigate the effects of β-ionone on apoptosis initiation and its possible mechanisms of action , we qualified cell apoptosis , proteins related to apoptosis and a phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase ( PI3K ) -AKT pathway in human gastric adenocarcinoma cancer SGC-7901 cells . 
The results demonstrated that β-ionone-induced apoptosis in a dose-dependent manner in SGC-7901 cells treated with β-ionone ( 25 , 50 , 100 and 200 μmol / L ) for 24 h . 
β-ionone was also shown to induce the expression of cleaved-caspase-3 and inhibit bcl-2 expression in SGC-7901 cells in a dose-dependent manner . 
The significantly decreased levels of p-PI3K and p-AKT expression were observed in SGC-7901 cells after β-ionone treatments in a time- and dose-dependent manner ( P < 0 . 01 ) . 
Thus , the apoptosis induction in SGC-7901 cells by β-ionone may be regulated through a PI3K-AKT pathway . 
These results demonstrate a potential mechanism by which β-ionone to induce apoptosis initiation in SGC-7901 cells . In vivo genotoxicity of methyleugenol in gpt delta transgenic rats following medium-term exposure . Minocycline protects against permanent cerebral ischemia in wild type but not in matrix metalloprotease-9-deficient mice . T2-TrpRS inhibits preretinal neovascularization and enhances physiological vascular regrowth in OIR as assessed by a new method of quantification . Bcl-2 expression as a predictive marker of hormone-refractory prostate cancer treated with taxane-based chemotherapy . Polymeric nanoparticles have revealed very effective in transmucosal delivery of proteins . 
Polysaccharides are among the most used materials for the production of these carriers , owing to their structural flexibility and propensity to evidence biocompatibility and biodegradability . 
In parallel , there is a preference for the use of mild methods for their production , in order to prevent protein degradation , ensure lower costs and easier procedures that enable scaling up . 
In this work we propose the production of pullulan-based nanoparticles by a mild method of polyelectrolyte complexation . 
As pullulan is a neutral polysaccharide , sulfated and aminated derivatives of the polymer were synthesized to provide pullulan with a charge . 
These derivatives were then complexed with chitosan and carrageenan , respectively , to produce the nanocarriers . 
Positively charged nanoparticles of 180-270nm were obtained , evidencing ability to associate bovine serum albumin , which was selected as model protein . 
In PBS pH 7 . 4 , pullulan-based nanoparticles were found to have a burst release of 30% of the protein , which maintained up to 24h . 
Nanoparticle size and zeta potential were preserved upon freeze-drying in the presence of appropriate cryoprotectants . 
A factorial design was approached to assess the cytotoxicity of raw materials and nanoparticles by the metabolic test MTT . 
Nanoparticles demonstrated to not cause overt toxicity in a respiratory cell model ( Calu-3 ) . 
Pullulan has , thus , demonstrated to hold potential for the production of nanoparticles with an application in protein delivery . Cataleptogenic effect of subtype selective 5-HT receptor antagonists in the rat . Interactions of the human multidrug resistance proteins MRP1 and MRP2 with organic anions . Conformation Guides Molecular Efficacy in Docking Screens of Activated β-2 Adrenergic G Protein Coupled Receptor . Liver X Receptors and female reproduction : when cholesterol meets Purification of nonantibiotic insulinase inhibitors from bacitracin . Controlling enzymatic action in living cells with a kinase-inducible bimolecular switch . Redesign of carnitine acetyltransferase specificity by protein engineering . Insulin secretion from the beta-cells in the islets of Langerhans is mainly regulated by glucose entry via its transporter . 
The intracellular glucose metabolism induces a rise in ATP / ADP ratio which increases the degree of closure of ATP-sensitive potassium channels ( K ( ATP ) channels ) , inducing a higher intracellular K + , which , in turn , depolarizes the membrane and opens voltage-sensitive calcium channels . 
The ensuing Ca2 + entry triggers extrusion of insulin-containing secretory granules and , thus , hormone secretion . 
The analysis of the structure of the genes encoding K ( ATP ) channels that are made of four Kir subunits ( forming the ionic pore ) and four regulatory SUR subunits ( that contain the binding site for antidiabetic sulfonylureas ) allowed to several subclasses of those ionic channels to be described : Insulin secreting beta cells contain the SUR1 / Kir 6 . 2 complex , while heart and skeletal muscles contain the SUR2A / Kir 6 . 2 set , vascular smooth muscles ( such as those present in coronary arteries ) have SUR2B / Kir 6 . 1 and nonvascular smooth muscle SUR2B / Kir 6 . 2 . 
The pharmacological specificity of each sulfonylurea depends on the type of SUR protein present in each tissue : most of the second generation sulfonylureas used in diabetic clinics ( e . 
g . 
glibenclamide , glimepiride ) display almost the same affinity for SUR1 SUR2A and SUR2B , leading to possible harmful adverse effects in type 2 diabetic patients with an associated cardiovascular pathology . 
In contrast , among the second generation sulfonylureas , only gliclazide displays a remarkable specificity towards the beta-cell K ( ATP ) channels , making this drug particularly safe in all situations , as it does not induce any interference with the cardiovascular system . The methanol extract of the tubers of Polygonum perfoliatum L . 
afforded a new lignan : 8-oxo-pinoresinol ( 1 ) , and five known compounds 3' , 5-dihydroxy-3 , 4' , 5' , 7-tetramethoxy-flavone ( 2 ) , catechin ( 3 ) , quercetin ( 4 ) , quercetin-3-O-β-D-glucuronide ( 5 ) and rutin ( 6 ) . 
Their structures were established by MS , one- and two-dimensional NMR experiments . 
Compound 1 showed cytotoxicity against human mammary carcinoma ( Bcap-37 ) , human colon carcinoma ( RKO ) , human hepatocellular carcinoma ( SMMC-7721 ) , human prostate carcinoma ( PC3 ) and human erythroleukaemia ( K562 ) cells . Streptococcus pneumoniae causes the most severe form of the bacterial meningitis which is the major cause of bacterial meningitis . 
Virulence factors produced by S . 
pneumoniae have been known to contribute significantly to the disease process . 
ClpP protease ( ClpP ) which is essential for virulence and survival under stress conditions in S . 
pneumonia was examined for the ability to induce apoptosis and the mechanism of the induction of apoptosis in human neuron-like cells , SK-N-SH neuroblastoma cells . 
ClpP inhibited cell growth and induced apoptosis in SK-N-SH cells . 
Treatment with ClpP resulted in hypodiploid DNA contents , increased Bax / Bcl-2 ratio and induction of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) production . 
The release of cytochrome c from mitochondria into the cytosol , which is an initiator of the activation of caspase cascades , was not observed in ClpP-treated cells . 
In addition , pretreatment with Z-Val-Ala-Asp-fluoromethylketone ( Z-VAD-fmk ) , a broad spectrum of caspase inhibitor , could not rescue apoptotic cells from ClpP toxicity . 
Coincidently , caspase-3 and -8 activation and cleavage of PARP were not detected . 
Moreover , caspase independent apoptosis-inducing factor ( AIF ) was released from mitochondria and translocated to the nucleus in response to ClpP . 
We also found that ClpP treatment resulted in the increase of p53 activity and cytoplasmic p53 levels were increased by ClpP , suggesting that functional activation of p53 is intact despite increased cytoplasmic accumulation . 
Taken together , these data suggest that ClpP contributes to neuronal damage in meningitis and provide further insight into the mechanisms underlying action of pneumococcal virulence factors during bacterial pathogenesis . E-cadherin polarity is determined by a multi-function motif mediating lateral membrane retention through ankyrin-G and apical-lateral transcytosis through clathrin . Oxymatrine ( OMT ) is a major bioactive component derived from Sophora flavescens Ait ( kushen ) , which is widely used in Chinese medicine . 
Recent studies have shown that it has neuroprotective effects; however , its underlying mechanisms remain unclear . 
We focus on the mechanisms of pharmacologic action in OMT by detecting its pharmacological properties against focal cerebral ischemia in vivo and NMDA-induced neurotoxicity in vitro . 
OMT prevented cerebral ischemic injury in mice induced via a 2 h middle cerebral artery occlusion and a 24 h reperfusion , in vivo . 
In vitro cultured neurons challenged with N-methyl-D-aspartate ( NMDA , 200 μM ) for 30 min showed significant decrease in the viability of neurons; however , OMT was able to protect neurons against induced neurotoxicity via NMDA exposure . 
Western blot analysis revealed that OMT decreased the expression of Bax and repaired the balance of pro- and anti-apoptotic proteins . 
Furthermore , OMT significantly reversed the up-regulation of NR2B and inhibited the calcium overload in the cultured neurons after challenging the NMDA . 
OMT showed partial protection in the cortical neurons via down-regulation of NR2B containing NMDA receptors and up-regulation of Bcl-2 family . 
Our results provide new insights into the development of natural therapeutic anti-oxidants against ischemia . Mitochondrial dysfunction is both a contributing mechanism and complication of diabetes , and oxidative stress contributes to that dysfunction . 
Mitochondrial manganese-superoxide dismutase ( MnSOD ) is a metalloenzyme that provides antioxidant protection . 
We have previously shown in a mouse model of hereditary iron overload that cytosolic iron levels affected mitochondrial manganese availability , MnSOD activity , and insulin secretion . 
We therefore sought to determine the metallation status of MnSOD in wild-type mice and whether altering that status affected β-cell function . 
129 / SvEVTac mice given supplemental manganese exhibited a 73% increase in hepatic MnSOD activity and increased metallation of MnSOD . 
To determine whether manganese supplementation offered glucose homeostasis under a situation of β-cell stress , we challenged C57BL / 6J mice , which are more susceptible to diet-induced diabetes , with a high-fat diet for 12 weeks . 
Manganese was supplemented or not for the final 8 weeks on that diet , after which we examined glucose tolerance and the function of isolated islets . 
Liver mitochondria from manganese-injected C57BL / 6J mice had similar increases in MnSOD activity ( 81% ) and metallation as were seen in 129 / SvEVTac mice . 
The manganese-treated group fed high fat had improved glucose tolerance ( 24% decrease in fasting glucose and 41% decrease in area under the glucose curve ) , comparable with mice on normal chow and increased serum insulin levels . 
Isolated islets from the manganese-treated group exhibited improved insulin secretion , decreased lipid peroxidation , and improved mitochondrial function . 
In conclusion , MnSOD metallation and activity can be augmented with manganese supplementation in normal mice on normal chow , and manganese treatment can increase insulin secretion to improve glucose tolerance under conditions of dietary stress . Four principal mango cultivars ( Tainong No . 1 , Irwin , JinHwang and Keitt ) grown in southern China were selected , and their physico-chemical and antioxidant properties were characterized and compared . 
Of all the four cultivars , Tainong No . 1 had highest content of total phenols , ρ-coumaric acid , sinapic acid , quercetin , titratable acidity , citric acid , malic acid , fructose , higher antioxidant activities ( DPPH , FRAP ) and L ( * ) , lower pH , PPO activity and individual weight . 
Keitt mangoes showed significantly ( p<0 . 05 ) higher contents of β-carotene , ρ-hydroxybenzoic acid , sucrose , total sugar , total soluble solid , catechin , succinic acid and higher PPO activity . 
JinHwang mangoes exhibited significantly ( p<0 . 05 ) higher individual weight and PPO activity , but had lower content of total phenols , β-carotene and lower antioxidant activity . 
Principal component analysis ( PCA ) allowed the four mango cultivars to be differentiated clearly based on all these physico-chemical and antioxidant properties determined in the study . Brugada syndrome--an update . Oxidative stress is considered to be a key mechanism of hepatocellular injury and disease progression in patients with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis ( NASH ) . 
The transcription factor Nrf2 plays a central role in stimulating expression of various antioxidant-associated genes in the cellular defense against oxidative stress . 
As the cytosolic repressor Keap1 negatively regulates Nrf2 , activation of Nrf2 facilitated by its release from Keap1 may represent a promising strategy in the treatment of NASH . 
To test this hypothesis , we utilized two chemically distinct types of Nrf2-activator . 
One is the thiol-reactive agent oltipraz ( OPZ ) , a typical Nrf2-activator , and the other is a novel biaryl urea compound , termed NK-252 . 
NK-252 exhibits a greater Nrf2-activating potential than OPZ . 
Furthermore , in vitro binding studies revealed that NK-252 interacts with the domain containing the Nrf2-binding site of Keap1 , whereas OPZ does not . 
This finding indicates that NK-252 is more potent than OPZ due to its unique mechanism of action . 
For in vivo animal model studies , we employed rats on a choline-deficient L-amino acid-defined ( CDAA ) -diet , which demonstrate pathological findings similar to those seen in human NASH . 
The administration of OPZ or NK-252 significantly attenuated the progression of histological abnormalities in rats on a CDAA diet , especially hepatic fibrosis . 
In conclusion , by using Nrf2-activators with independent mechanisms of action , we show in a rat model of NASH that the activation of Nrf2 is responsible for the anti-fibrotic effects of these drugs . 
This strategy of Nrf2 activation presents new opportunities for treatment of NASH patients with hepatic fibrosis . Amylin is a peptide hormone which is co-secreted with insulin from the pancreatic beta-cell . 
Type 1 diabetic individuals and some Type 2 diabetic individuals are characterised by amylin deficiency . 
Animal experiments have revealed several actions of amylin on intermediary metabolism , of these some have been demonstrated to be of potential physiological relevance in humans . 
In particular amylin appears to have important actions in controlling prandial glucose homeostasis . 
The peptide hormone inhibits postprandial glucagon secretion and delays gastric emptying thereby modifying postprandial hyperglycaemia in diabetic individuals which presumably adds to overall glycaemic control without a concomitant increase in the number of severe hypoglycaemic episodes . 
Moreover , amylin acts as a satiety agent . 
Amylin replacement may therefore improve glycaemic control in diabetes mellitus . 
However , human amylin exhibits physicochemical properties predisposing the peptide hormone to aggregate and form amyloid fibres , which makes it unsuitable for pharmacological use . 
A stable analogue , pramlintide , with actions and pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic properties similar to the native peptide has therefore been developed . 
The efficacy and safety of pramlintide administration to diabetic individuals have been tested in a large number of clinical trials . 
It is the aim of this review to describe possible ( patho ) physiological actions of amylin as demonstrated in animal and human models , to discuss the background for potential amylin ( analogue ) replacement in diabetes mellitus and to review results from clinical trials with the amylin receptor analogue pramlintide . The tail wagging the dog - regulation of lipid metabolism by protein kinase C . [ 5'-adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase and lifestyle-mediated diseases ] . Histamine axons originate solely from the tuberomamillary nucleus ( TMN ) to innervate almost all brain regions . 
This feature is consistent with a function for histamine over a host of physiological processes , including regulation of appetite , body temperature , cognitive processes , pain perception and sleep-wake cycle . 
An important question is whether these diverse physiological roles are served by different histamine neuronal subpopulations . 
Here we report that systemic administration of the non-imidazole histamine H3 receptor antagonist 4- ( 2-{2- [ ( 2R ) -2-methylpyrrolidinyl ] ethyl}-benzofuran-5-yl ) benzonitrile ( ABT-239 , 3 mg / kg ) increased c-Fos expression dose-dependently in rat cortex and nucleus basalis magnocellularis ( NBM ) but not in the nucleus accumbens ( NAcc ) nor striatum , and augmented acetylcholine and histamine release from rat prefrontal cortex . 
To further understand functional histaminergic pathways in the brain , dual-probe microdialysis was used to pharmacologically block H3 receptors in the TMN . 
Perfusion of the TMN with ABT-239 ( 10 μM ) increased histamine release from the TMN , NBM , and cortex , but not from the striatum or NAcc . 
When administered locally , ABT-239 increased histamine release from the NBM , but not from the NAcc . 
Systemic as well as intra-TMN administration of ABT-239 increased c-Fos expression in the NBM , and cortex , but not in the striatum or NAcc . 
Thus , as defined by their sensitivity to ABT-239 , histaminergic neurons establish distinct pathways according to their terminal projections , and can differentially modulate neurotransmitter release in a brain region-specific manner . 
This implies independent functions of subsets of histamine neurons according to their terminal projections , with relevant consequences for the development of specific compounds that affect only subsets of histamine neurones , thus increasing target specificity . To investigate the possible drug interaction , this study is designed to evaluate the ability of Schisandrin B ( Sch B ) to modulate cytochrome P450 3A activity ( CYP3A ) in vivo and to alter the pharmacokinetic profiles of CYP3A substrate ( midazolam ) in treated rats . 
Rats were repeated administered with physiological saline ( negative control group ) , ketoconazole ( 75mg / kg , positive control group ) or varied doses of Sch B ( experimental groups ) for three consecutive days . 
Subsequently , changes in hepatic microsomal CYP3A activity and the pharmacokinetic profiles of midazolam and 1'-hydroxy midazolam in plasma were studied to evaluate CYP3A activity . 
The results indicated that Sch B significantly dose-dependently inhibited rat hepatic microsomal CYP3A activity with Ki value of 16 . 64mg / kg and showed the characteristic of a noncompetitive inhibitor . 
Oral administration of Sch B for 3 days in rats produced significant effect on the pharmacokinetics of oral midazolam . 
Sch B resulted in a significant , dose-dependent increase in midazolam AUC0-∞ except at the dose of 2mg / kg , while AUC0-∞ increased by 26 . 1% ( 8mg / kg ) and 60 . 6% ( 16mg / kg ) , respectively . 
In the pharmacokinetic profiles of 1'-hydroxy midazolam , the significant , dose-dependent decrease in AUC0-∞ was observed except at the dose of 2mg / kg , while AUC0-∞ reduced by 44 . 5% ( 8mg / kg ) and 49 . 2% ( 16mg / kg ) , respectively . 
These results suggested that 3-day treatment of Sch B could increase concentration and oral bioavailability of drug metabolized by CYP3A . 
When the drug , consisting of Sch B , is used in the clinic for more than 3 days , the possible drug-drug interactions should be taken into consideration . OBJECTIVE : The adenosine triphosphate-binding cassette ( ABC ) class transporter ABCC2 ( MRP2 [ multidrug resistance related protein 2 ] or cMOAT [ canalicular multispecific organic anion transporter ] ) is involved in the cellular outward transport and elimination of methotrexate . 
We hypothesized that common genetic variations may contribute to the variability of high-dose methotrexate pharmacokinetics . 
METHODS : Polymorphisms in all 32 exons of the ABCC2 gene were analyzed in a reference group of 59 healthy white subjects by polymerase chain reaction , single-strand conformation polymorphism , and sequencing . 
Subsequently , we assessed the association of polymorphisms with the methotrexate plasma concentrations in 44 pediatric patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia ( ALL ) ( 29 male and 15 female patients; mean age , 6 . 8 + / -4 . 8 years ) . 
Patients received 4 cycles of 5000 mg / m2 body surface area according to the ALL-Berlin-Frankfurt-Muenster ( BFM ) 95 or ALL-BFM 2000 protocol . 
RESULTS : In the reference group we detected 8 frequent single-nucleotide polymorphisms . 
Five of these were in complete linkage disequilibrium . 
Overall , 5 new polymorphisms are described . 
The genotype distribution of the patient cohort was not significantly different from the reference collective . 
The mean plasma methotrexate area under the curve from 36 to 48 hours after the start of the infusion was significantly 2-fold higher in female patients carrying at least 1 -24T allele as compared with all other patients ( 14 . 2 + / -12 . 8 h . 
micromol / L versus 6 . 9 + / -4 . 2 h . 
micromol / L , P< . 001 ) . 
The risk to have 2 or more cycles necessitating an intensification of folinate rescue was 9-fold ( 95% confidence interval , 1 . 8- to 44-fold ) in female patients carrying at least 1 T allele ( P = . 0067 ) . 
CONCLUSION : The data suggest a hitherto unknown gender-specific impact of the -24C>T ABCC2 gene polymorphism on high-dose methotrexate pharmacokinetics . 
Whereas a nonfunctional MRP2 variant has been described in a patient with severe impairment of methotrexate excretion , our study is the first to suggest that a frequent ABCC2 polymorphism contributes to variability of methotrexate kinetics . New ligands for in vivo brain imaging of serotonin transporter ( SERT ) with single photon emission tomography ( SPECT ) were prepared and evaluated . 
An efficient synthesis and radiolabeling of a biphenylthiol , FLIP-IDAM , 4 , was accomplished . 
The affinity of FLIP-IDAM was evaluated by an in vitro inhibitory binding assay using [ ( 125 ) I ] -IDAM as radioligand in rat brain tissue homogenates ( K ( i ) = 0 . 03 nM ) . 
New [ ( 125 ) I ] Flip-IDAM exhibited excellent binding affinity to SERT binding sites with a high hypothalamus to cerebellum ratio of 4 at 30 min post iv injection . 
The faster in vivo kinetics for brain uptake and a rapid washout from non-specific regions provide excellent signal to noise ratio . 
This new agent , when labeled with ( 123 ) I , may be a useful imaging agent for mapping SERT binding sites in the human brain . The electronic transitions of 20 naturally occurring amino acids in aqueous solution were studied with attenuated total reflection far-ultraviolet ( ATR-FUV ) spectroscopy in the region from 145 to 300 nm . 
From the measured ATR spectra of sample solutions , the FUV absorption spectra attributed to the amino acids were separated from the intense solvent absorption by using a modified Kramers-Kronig transformation method . 
The FUV absorption spectra of the amino acids reflect the protonation states of the backbone and side-chain structures . 
The contributions of the side chains to the spectra were also examined from the difference spectra subtracting the corresponding Gly spectrum from each spectrum . 
The observed spectra were compared mostly with the electronic transition studies of the molecular fragments of the amino acids in gas phase . 
The FUV spectra of the amino acids exhibited the intra- and intermolecular electronic interactions of the solute-solute as well as the solute-solvent , and those are essential factors to elucidate UV photochemical processes of the amino acids in aqueous solution . Besifloxacin ophthalmic suspension 0 . 6% . CPT I ( carnitine palmitoyltransferase I ) catalyses the conversion of palmitoyl-CoA into palmitoylcarnitine in the presence of L-carnitine , facilitating the entry of fatty acids into mitochondria . 
We propose a 3-D ( three-dimensional ) structural model for L-CPT I ( liver CPT I ) , based on the similarity of this enzyme to the recently crystallized mouse carnitine acetyltransferase . 
The model includes 607 of the 773 amino acids of L-CPT I , and the positions of carnitine , CoA and the palmitoyl group were assigned by superposition and docking analysis . 
Functional analysis of this 3-D model included the mutagenesis of several amino acids in order to identify putative catalytic residues . 
Mutants D477A , D567A and E590D showed reduced L-CPT I activity . 
In addition , individual mutation of amino acids forming the conserved Ser685-Thr686-Ser687 motif abolished enzyme activity in mutants T686A and S687A and altered K ( m ) and the catalytic efficiency for carnitine in mutant S685A . 
We conclude that the catalytic residues are His473 and Asp477 , while Ser687 probably stabilizes the transition state . 
Several conserved lysines , i . 
e . 
Lys455 , Lys505 , Lys560 and Lys561 , were also mutated . 
Only mutants K455A and K560A showed decreases in activity of 50% . 
The model rationalizes the finding of nine natural mutations in patients with hereditary L-CPT I deficiencies . Opportunistic infections caused by Pneumocystis jirovecii ( P . 
jirovecii , pj ) , Toxoplasma gondii ( T . 
gondii , tg ) and Mycobacterium avium ( M . 
avium , ma ) are the principal causes of morbidity and mortality in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome ( AIDS ) . 
The absence of any animal models for human Pneumocystis jirovecii pneumonia and the lack of crystal structures of pjDHFR and tgDHFR make the design of inhibitors challenging . 
A novel series of pyrido [ 2 , 3-d ] pyrimidines as selective and potent DHFR inhibitors against these opportunistic infections are presented . 
Buchwald-Hartwig coupling reaction of substituted anilines with pivaloyl protected 2 , 4-diamino-6-bromo-pyrido [ 2 , 3-d ] pyrimidine was successfully explored to synthesize these analogs . 
Compound 26 was the most selective inhibitor with excellent potency against pjDHFR . 
Molecular modeling studies with a pjDHFR homology model explained the potency and selectivity of 26 . 
Structural data are also reported for 26 with pcDHFR and 16 and 22 with variants of pcDHFR . Phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitors augment the ability of formoterol to enhance glucocorticoid-dependent gene transcription in human airway epithelial cells : a novel mechanism for the clinical efficacy of roflumilast in severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease . Effects of metal cations and calmodulin antagonists on [ 3H ] nitrendipine binding in smooth and cardiac muscle . Long range effect of mutations on specific conformational changes in the extracellular loop 2 of angiotensin II type 1 receptor . Topological Dangling Bonds with Large Spin Splitting and Enhanced Spin Polarization on the Surfaces of Bi2Se3 . Insulin-like growth factor ( IGF ) -binding protein ( IGFBP ) -related proteins ( IGFBP-rPs ) are newly described cysteine-rich proteins that share significant aminoterminal structural similarity with the conventional IGFBPs and are involved in a diversity of biological functions , including growth regulation . 
IGFBP-rP1 ( MAC25 / Angiomodulin / prostacyclin-stimulating factor ) is a potential tumor-suppressor gene that is differentially expressed in meningiomas , mammary and prostatic cancers , compared with their malignant counterparts . 
We have previously shown that IGFBP-rP1 is preferentially produced by primary cultures of human prostate epithelial cells ( HPECs ) and by poorly tumorigenic P69SV40T cells , compared with the cancerous prostatic LNCaP , DU145 , PC-3 , and M12 cells . 
We now show that IGFBP-rP1 increases during senescence of HPEC . 
IGFBP-rP2 ( also known as connective tissue growth factor ) , a downstream effector of transforming growth factor ( TGF ) -beta and modulator of growth for both fibroblasts and endothelial cells , was detected in most of the normal and malignant prostatic epithelial cells tested , with a marked up-regulation of IGFBP-rP2 during senescence of HPEC . 
Moreover , IGFBP-rP2 noticeably increased in response to TGF-beta1 and all-trans retinoic acid ( atRA ) in HPEC and PC-3 cells , and it decreased in response to IGF-I in HPEC . 
IGFBP-rP3 [ nephroblastoma overexpressed ( NOV ) ] , the protein product of the NOV protooncogene , was not detected in HPEC but was expressed in the tumorigenic DU145 and PC-3 cells . 
It was also synthesized by the SV40-T antigen-transformed P69 and malignant M12 cells , where it was down-regulated by atRA . 
These observations suggest biological roles of IGFBP-rPs in the human prostate . 
IGFBP-rP1 and IGFBP-rP2 are likely to negatively regulate growth , because they seem to increase during senescence of the prostate epithelium and in response to growth inhibitors ( TGF-beta1 and atRA ) . 
Although the data collected on IGFBP-rP3 in prostate are modest , its role as a growth stimulator and / or protooncogene is supported by its preferential expression in cancerous cells and its down-regulation by atRA . SUMMARY : The effect of the AT1-receptor antagonists losartan , irbesartan , and telmisartan on angiotensin II ( Ang II ) -induced facilitation of noradrenergic neurotransmission was investigated in the isolated rat mesenteric artery under isometric conditions . 
Electrical field stimulation ( 2 , 4 , and 8 Hz ) caused a frequency-dependent increase of contractile force . 
At stimulation frequencies of 2 , 4 , and 8 Hz , Ang 11 ( 10 nM ) increased the stimulation-induced vasoconstrictor responses by a factor 4 . 8 + / - 0 . 9 , 2 . 9 + / - 0 . 7 , and 1 . 3 + / - 0 . 1 , respectively ( p < 0 . 05 compared with control for all frequencies ) . 
The enhancement could be concentration-dependently antagonized by losartan ( 1 nM-1 microM ) , irbesartan ( 0 . 1 nM-0 . 1 microM ) , and telmisartan ( 0 . 01 nM-0 . 01 microM ) . 
At a stimulation frequency of 2 Hz , the relation between stimulation-induced vasoconstrictor responses ( in presence of Ang II 10 nM ) and the concentration of the AT1-antagonists used could be described by linear regression . 
The order of potency concerning sympathoinhibition was telmisartan > irbesartan > losartan ( p < 0 . 05 between linear regression lines ) . 
Contractile responses to exogenous noradrenaline were unaltered in the presence of Ang II 10 nM . 
We conclude that the facilitating effect of Ang II on noradrenergic neurotransmission is mediated by presynaptically located AT1-receptors . 
Conversely , this facilitating effect can be dose-dependently counteracted by blockade of these receptors . 
Sympathoinhibitory properties are likely to contribute to the therapeutic effect of AT1-blockers , in particular in conditions in which the sympathetic nervous system is activated , such as congestive heart failure and hypertension . In view of evidence that neither interindividual nor induced intra-individual variations of adrenergic receptor status are related to metabolic or haemodynamic sensitivity to adrenaline in vivo , we took an alternative approach to assessment of the relevance of adrenergic receptor measurement by measuring these in a group of subjects with well-documented adrenergic denervation hypersensitivity , patients with diabetic autonomic neuropathy . 
Mononuclear leukocyte beta 2-adrenergic receptor densities ( and binding affinities ) , measured with 125I-labelled pindolol , and isoproterenol-stimulated cyclic AMP accumulation , in samples from patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus ( IDDM ) with diabetic autonomic neuropathy ( n = 8 ) , were no different from those in samples from patients with IDDM without neuropathy ( n = 8 ) , or from non-diabetic subjects ( n = 8 ) . 
In addition , platelet alpha 2-adrenergic receptor densities ( and binding affinities ) , measured with 3H-labelled yohimbine , and adrenaline-induced suppression of cyclic AMP contents did not differ among the three groups . 
Thus , in contrast to idiopathic autonomic failure , there is no generalized increase in adrenergic receptors in autonomic failure due to diabetic autonomic neuropathy . 
Regardless of the mechanism of adrenergic denervation hypersensitivity in such patients , these data provide further evidence that measurements of cellular adrenergic receptors ( and adenylate cyclase ) in vitro are a fallible index of sensitivity to catecholamines in vivo . Lignans extracted from Vitex negundo possess cytotoxic activity by G2 / M phase cell cycle arrest and apoptosis induction . Trichlorfon is a specific inhibitor of cholinesterases . 
It was typically used as an insecticide; however , trichlorfon was described as useful for symptomatic treatment of Alzheimer's disease some years ago . 
The presented study is aimed at reactivation of trichlorfon-inhibited butyrylcholinesterase since this enzyme play an important role in Alzheimer's disease as deputy for acetylcholinesterase and furthermore it could be applied as a scavenger in case of overdosing . 
We used in vitro reactivation test for considering only reactivation efficacy of butyrylcholinesterase that is inhibited by trichlorfon and not reactivation of butyrylcholinesterase inhibited by trichlorfon metabolic products . 
Four reactivators were used : HI-6 , pralidoxime , obidoxime , and K048 . 
Although all of the reactivators seem to be effective at 1 mM concentration , a lower concentration was not able ensure sufficient reactivation . 
There was also an observed lowering of reactivation efficacy when butyrylcholinesterase was exposed to trichlorfon for a longer time interval . A kavalactone derivative inhibits lipopolysaccharide-stimulated iNOS induction and NO production through activation of Nrf2 signaling in BV2 microglial cells . This study aimed to investigate the mechanisms involved in the contractile effects produced by the novel quinoline derivative , 2- ( 2-aminoethyl ) -quinoline ( D-1997 ) , in the canine isolated basilar artery . 
For comparison , the effects of D-1997 were also evaluated on rat aorta . 
Canine basilar artery and rat aortic rings were prepared and mounted in organ baths to record isometric tension changes . 
The contractile effects of D-1997 in the basilar artery were compared with those produced by 5-hydroxytryptamine ( 5-HT ) and the 5-HT receptor agonist quipazine . 
Thus , 4-HT ( 10 ( -10 ) -10 ( -6 ) M ) , D-1997 ( 3 . 1 x 10 ( -8 ) -10 ( -4 ) M ) and quipazine ( 3 . 1 x 10 ( -7 ) -10 ( -4 ) M ) each caused concentration-dependent contractions of the canine basilar artery with a rank order of agonist potency of 5-HT > D-1997 > quipazine . 
5-HT and D-1997 exhibited similar maximum effects which were higher than that of quipazine . 
Similar concentrations of D-1997 failed to produce contraction in rat aorta . 
The effects of D-1997 in the basilar artery were not modified by incubation with either the 5-HT2 receptor antagonist ketanserin ( 0 . 01-1 microM ) , the 5-HT3 and 5-HT4 receptor antagonist ICS205930 ( tropisetron; 0 . 1-10 microM ) , the 5-HT1A receptor antagonist spiroxatrine ( 0 . 01-1 microM ) , the beta-adrenoceptor blocker with high affinity for 5-HT1A and 5-HT1B binding sites ( + / - ) -pindolol ( 0 . 01-1 microM ) , or the alpha 1-adrenoceptor antagonist prazosin ( 0 . 01-1 microM ) . 
In contrast , the D-1997-induced responses were potently and concentration-dependently antagonized by the mixed 5-HT1-like and 5-HT2 receptor antagonist methiothepin ( 0 . 01-1 microM ) . 
It is concluded that D-1997 contracts the canine basilar artery by stimulating 5-HT1-like receptors unrelated to either the 5-HT1A or 5-HT1B receptor subtypes . 
The compound seems to be devoid of 5-HT2 receptor agonist properties in rat aorta . Cucurbitacin I inhibits rac1 activation in breast cancer cells by a reactive oxygen species-mediated mechanism and independently of janus tyrosine kinase 2 and p-rex1 . Murine oatp1a / 1b uptake transporters control rosuvastatin systemic exposure without affecting its apparent liver exposure . Clinical utility of acarbose , an alpha-glucosidase inhibitor in cardiometabolic disorders . Chromatographic separation of the ethyl acetate soluble part of the methanolic extract from Seriphidium stenocephalum yielded three new compounds : stenocepflavone ( 1 ) , stenocepflavan ( 2 ) , and stenocephol ( 3 ) , together with cirsimaritin ( 4 ) , 5 , 7 , 5'-trihydroxy-3' , 4' , 6-trimethoxyflavone ( 5 ) , 5 , 6 , 7 , 5'-tetrahydroxy-4'-methoxyflavone ( 6 ) , and axillaroside ( 7 ) . 
All isolates were characterized with the help of spectroscopic data including 1D , 2D NMR , and high resolution mass spectrometry and / or in comparison with the related compounds in literature . 
All compounds were tested for in vitro enzyme inhibitory activities against acetylcholinesterase , butyrylcholinesterase , and lipoxygenase . 
Compounds 1 and 4-7 exhibited significant activity against all the tested enzymes , whereas compounds 2 and 3 were found inactive . Exposure to chronic stress during developmental periods is a risk factor for a number of psychiatric disorders . 
While the direct effects of stress exposure have been studied extensively , little is known about the long-lasting effects and the interaction with ageing . 
The same holds true for the treatment with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( SSRIs ) , which have been shown to prevent or reverse some stress-induced effects . 
Here , we studied the direct and long-lasting impact of chronic social stress during adolescence and the impact of chronic treatment with the SSRI paroxetine in adulthood and aged animals . 
Therefore , male CD1 mice at the age of 28 days were subjected to 7 weeks of chronic social stress . 
Treatment with paroxetine was performed per os with a dosage of 20 mg / g BW . 
We were able to reverse most of the effects of chronic social stress in adult mice ( 4 months old ) and to some extend in aged animals ( 15 months old ) with the SSRI treatment . 
Especially the regulation of the HPA axis seems to be affected in aged mice with a shift to the use of vasopressin . 
Our results demonstrate that chronic stress exposure and antidepressant treatment at the end of the developmental period can have a significant and long-lasting impact , highly relevant for healthy ageing . Recent data suggest that the role of CYP3A4 in imatinib metabolism is smaller than presumed . 
This study aimed to evaluate the quantitative importance of different cytochrome P450 ( P450 ) enzymes in imatinib pharmacokinetics . 
First , the metabolism of imatinib was investigated using recombinant P450 enzymes and human liver microsomes with P450 isoform-selective inhibitors . 
Thereafter , an in silico model for imatinib was constructed to perform pharmacokinetic simulations to assess the roles of P450 enzymes in imatinib elimination at clinically used imatinib doses . 
In vitro , CYP2C8 inhibitors and CYP3A4 inhibitors inhibited the depletion of 0 . 1 µM imatinib by 45 and 80% , respectively , and the formation of the main metabolite of imatinib , N-desmethylimatinib , by >50% . 
Likewise , recombinant CYP2C8 and CYP3A4 metabolized imatinib extensively , whereas other isoforms had minor effect on imatinib concentrations . 
In the beginning of imatinib treatment , the fractions of its hepatic clearance mediated by CYP2C8 and CYP3A4 were predicted to approximate 40 and 60% , respectively . 
During long-term treatment with imatinib 400 mg once or twice daily , up to 65 or 75% of its hepatic elimination was predicted to occur via CYP2C8 , and only about 35 or 25% by CYP3A4 , due to dose- and time-dependent autoinactivation of CYP3A4 by imatinib . 
Thus , although CYP2C8 and CYP3A4 are the main enzymes in imatinib metabolism in vitro , in silico predictions indicate that imatinib inhibits its own CYP3A4-mediated metabolism , assigning a key role for CYP2C8 . 
During multiple dosing , pharmacogenetic polymorphisms and drug interactions affecting CYP2C8 activity may cause marked interindividual variation in the exposure and response to imatinib . The oncogenic kinase PAK4 was recently found to be involved in the regulation of the G1 phase and the G2 / M transition of the cell cycle . 
We have also identified that PAK4 regulates Ran GTPase activity during mitosis . 
Here , we show that after entering mitosis , PAK4-depleted cells maintain a prolonged metaphase-like state . 
In these cells , chromosome congression to the metaphase plate occurs with normal kinetics but is followed by an extended period during which membrane blebbing and spindle rotation are observed . 
These bipolar PAK4-depleted metaphase-like spindles have a defective astral microtubule ( MT ) network and are not centered in the cell but are in close contact with the cell cortex . 
As the metaphase-like state persists , centrosome fragmentation occurs , chromosomes scatter from the metaphase plate and move toward the spindle poles with an active spindle assembly checkpoint , a phenotype that is reminiscent of cohesion fatigue . 
PAK4 also regulates the acto-myosin cytoskeleton and we report that PAK4 depletion results in the induction of cortical membrane blebbing during prometaphase arrest . 
However , we show that membrane blebs , which are strongly enriched in phospho-cofilin , are not responsible for the poor anchoring of the spindle . 
As PAK4 depletion interferes with the localization of components of the dynein / dynactin complexes at the kinetochores and on the astral MTs , we propose that loss of PAK4 could induce a change in the activities of motor proteins . Evn-50 is a lignan compounds mixture extracted from Vitex negundo , a widely used herb in traditional Chinese medicine . 
This study is aimed to define the spectrum of cytotoxic activity of EVn-50 , and also to investigate mechanisms underlying the anticancer actions via assessing the influence on cell cycle using EVn-50 , and the lignan compound VB1 purified from EVn-50 . 
The cytotoxic effect of EVn-50 and VB1 was determined with SRB assay using a panel of cancer cell lines . 
Breast cancer cell line MDA-MB-435 and liver cancer cell line SMMC-7721 were selected for further evaluating the effect of EVn-50 or VB1 on cell cycle by flow cytometric analysis . 
Apoptosis exerted by EVn-50 or VB1 was measured by TUNEL assay and DAPI staining , and Western blot analysis was utilized to assess the influence on expression and phosphorylation of proteins which are closely related to cell cycle and apoptosis . 
EVn-50 possessed a broad spectrum of in vitro anticancer activity for those tested cancer cells , especially sensitive to MDA-MB-435 , SKOV-3 , BXPC-3 , SMMC-7721 , MCF-7 , HO-8910 , SGC-7901 , BEL-7402 , HCT-116 , and 786-O , with the respective IC50 below 10μg / ml . 
Treatment with EVn-50 or VB1 resulted in arresting the MDA-MB-435 and SMMC-7721 cells at G2 / M phase , which was further supported by observations of increased phosphorylation of Histone 3 at Ser10 , phosphorylation of Cdk1 at Tyr15 , expression of cyclin B1 , and decreased expression of Cdc25c . 
Moreover , we found that exposure of MDA-MB-435 cells to EVn-50 or VB1 caused obvious apoptosis of MDA-MB-435 cells . 
Our data show that EVn-50 , lignan compounds extracted from Vitex negundo , possesses a broad spectrum cytotoxic effect via arresting cancer cells at G2 / M phase cell cycle and subsequently inducing apoptosis . Effects of a serotonin 5-HT ( 4 ) receptor antagonist SB-207266 on gastrointestinal motor and sensory function in humans . A series of 3-substituted 1 , 5-diarylpyrroles bearing a nitrooxyalkyl side chain linked to different spacers were designed . 
New classes of pyrrole-derived nitrooxyalkyl inverse esters , carbonates , and ethers ( 7-10 ) as COX-2 selective inhibitors and NO donors were synthesized and are herein reported . 
By taking into account the metabolic conversion of nitrooxyalkyl ethers ( 9 , 10 ) into corresponding alcohols , derivatives 17 and 18 were also studied . 
Nitrooxy derivatives showed NO-dependent vasorelaxing properties , while most of the compounds proved to be very potent and selective COX-2 inhibitors in in vitro experimental models . 
Further in vivo studies on compounds 9a , c and 17a highlighted good anti-inflammatory and antinociceptive activities . 
Compound 9c was able to inhibit glycosaminoglycan ( GAG ) release induced by interleukin-1β ( IL-1β ) , showing cartilage protective properties . 
Finally , molecular modeling and ( 1 ) H- and ( 13 ) C-NMR studies performed on compounds 6c , d , 9c , and 10b allowed the right conformation of nitrooxyalkyl ester and ether side chain of these molecules within the COX-2 active site to be assessed . The purpose of this study was to investigate the role of insulin-degrading enzyme ( IDE , EC 3 . 4 . 22 . 11 ) in insulin degradation in alveolar epithelium . 
The primary culture of isolated rat type-II pneumocytes was used for the in-vitro characterization of IDE . 
Insulin was then administered intratracheally with various inhibitors to assess the improvement in its pulmonary bioavailability . 
In cultured type-II pneumocytes , the cytosolic insulin-degrading activity contributed 81% of total insulin degradation , reached a maximum at pH 7 . 5 and had an apparent Michaelis-Menten constant ( Km ) of 135 nM . 
N-Ethylmaleimide , p-chloromercuribenzoic acid and 1 , 10-phenanthroline inhibited insulin-degrading activity almost completely in both crude homogenate and cytosol . 
An immunoprecipitation study showed that IDE contributed 74% of cytosolic insulin-degrading activity . 
Western blot analysis showing a single band of 110 kDa on reduced SDS ( sodium dodecylsulphate ) gels confirmed the presence of IDE in cultured type-II cells . 
When given intratracheally with insulin , inhibitors including N-ethylmaleimide , p-chloromercuribenzoic acid , and 1 , 10-phenanthroline significantly enhanced the absolute bioavailability of insulin and the compound's hypoglycaemic effects . 
These results suggest that IDE is present in alveolar epithelium and might be involved in limiting insulin absorption in the lung . Neuraminidases ( sialidases ) catalyze the removal of sialic acid residues from sialylated glycoconjugates . 
We now report that mammalian neuraminidase 1 ( Neu1 ) , in addition to its catabolic function in lysosomes , is transported to the cell surface where it is involved in regulation of insulin signaling . 
Insulin binding to its receptor rapidly induces interaction of the receptor with Neu1 , which hydrolyzes sialic acid residues in the glycan chains of the receptor and , consequently , induces its activation . 
Cells from sialidosis patients with a genetic deficiency of Neu1 show impairment of insulin-induced phosphorylation of downstream protein kinase AKT , while treatment of these cells with purified Neu1 restores signaling . 
Genetically-modified mice with ∼10% of the normal Neu1 activity exposed to a high-fat diet develop hyperglycemia and insulin resistance twice as fast as their wild type counterparts . 
Together , these studies identify Neu1 as a novel component of the signaling pathways of energy metabolism and glucose uptake . BACKGROUND : Fibroblast growth factors ( FGFs ) are a family of at least 21 heparin-binding proteins involved in many biological processes , both during development and in the adult , including cell proliferation , differentiation , and angiogenesis . 
FGFs mediate their effects through high-affinity tyrosine kinase receptors ( FGFRs ) , which are encoded by four genes . 
The aims of the present study were to localize FGFR-1 through FGFR-3 in the normal adult rat kidney and to determine which functional FGFR variants and FGFs were expressed . 
METHODS : Avidin-biotin-enhanced horseradish peroxidase immunohistochemistry was used on paraffin sections of rat kidney to localize FGFR-1 through FGFR-3 , whereas reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction was used to examine expression of the receptor variants and also of FGF-1 through FGF-10 in cortex , outer medulla , and inner medulla . 
RESULTS : By immunohistochemistry , each receptor was localized to distinct and overlapping nephron segments , such that one or more FGFRs were localized to all nephron and collecting duct epithelia . 
FGFR-1 and FGFR-3 were localized to glomeruli , FGFR-3 to proximal tubules and FGFR-1 to thin limbs . 
FGFR-1 through FGFR-3 were localized to distal straight tubules , with FGFR-1 and FGFR-3 localized to distal convoluted tubules . 
FGFR-1 and FGFR-3 were localized to medullary collecting ducts . 
In addition , FGFR-1 was localized to the smooth muscle of renal arteries . 
All seven FGFR variants were expressed in the cortex and outer medulla , with fewer FGFRs in the inner medulla . 
FGF-1 , FGF-2 , FGF-7 , FGF-8 , and FGF-9 were expressed in the kidney , with FGF-10 expression found only in the cortex . 
CONCLUSIONS : Mapping of these receptors is critical to the determination of the effects of FGF ligands in discrete regions of the kidney . 
The distributions of the FGFRs in the normal adult kidney and the restricted expression of FGF ligands suggest that specific FGFs have distinct and important roles in the maintenance of normal kidney structure and function . Decreased zinc availability affects glutathione metabolism in neuronal cells and in the developing brain . A common mechanism for resistance to oxime reactivation of acetylcholinesterase inhibited by organophosphorus compounds . Connexins are thought to solely mediate cell-to-cell communication by forming gap junction channels composed of two membrane-spanning hemichannels positioned end-to-end . 
However , many if not all connexin isoforms also form functional hemichannels ( i . 
e . 
, the precursors of complete channels ) that mediate the rapid exchange of ions , second messengers and metabolites between the cell interior and the interstitial space . 
Electrical and molecular signaling via connexin hemichannels is now widely recognized to be important in many physiological scenarios and pathological conditions . 
Indeed , mutations in connexins that alter hemichannel function have been implicated in several diseases . 
Here , we present a comprehensive overview of how hemichannel activity is tightly regulated by membrane potential and the external calcium concentration . 
In addition , we discuss the genetic mutations known to alter hemichannel function and their deleterious effects , of which a better understanding is necessary to develop novel therapeutic approaches for diseases caused by hemichannel dysfunction . 
This article is part of a Special Issue entitled 'Connexin based channels' . Leflunomide , a novel drug with proven efficacy in rheumatoid arthritis , is an isoxazol derivative structurally unrelated to other immunomodulatory drugs . 
Leflunomide is rapidly metabolized to its active form , A77 1726 . 
Two mechanisms of action have been identified for A77 1726 : inhibition of dihydroorotate dehydrogenase ( DHODH ) and inhibition of tyrosine kinases . 
DHODH inhibition occurs at lower concentrations of A77 1726 than that of tyrosine kinases and is currently considered the major mode of action . 
Stimulated lymphocytes must increase ribonucleotide levels from 8 to 16-fold before proceeding from the G1 into the S phase . 
Increased levels of ribonucleotides can only be met by de novo ribonucleotide synthesis . 
At low levels of ribonucleotides , p53 , a "sensor" molecule , gets activated and prevents progression through the cell cycle . 
Therefore , an inhibitor of de novo uridine monophosphate synthesis would predictably arrest stimulated cells at the G1 phase . 
In support of this mechanism of action , in vitro mitogen stimulated human peripheral blood lymphocytes treated with A77 1726 undergo arrest at the G1 phase; this inhibition is reversed by uridine . Cortex Phellodendron chinensis ( CPC ) and Cortex Phellodendron amurensis ( CPA ) derived from the dried bark of Phellodendron chinense Schneid . 
or Phellodendron amurense Rupr . 
, respectively , are used interchangeably in clinical practice under the name "Huang Bai" for centuries in Chinese medicine for the treatment of various inflammatory conditions . 
Previous study in our laboratory demonstrated that CPC and CPA had different anti-diarrheal , anti-bacterial and anti-inflammatory effects . 
In this present study , we aimed to compare the protective effect of ethanol extract of Cortex Phellodendri chinensis ( ECPC ) and Cortex Phellodendri Amurensis ( ECPA ) against beta-amyloid ( Aβ ) -induced neurotoxicity in PC12 cells , a typical model of Alzheimer's disease . 
The results showed that ECPC and ECPA contain four common chemical markers such as berberine , but palmatine and jatrorrhizin were not found in CPC in contrast to the presence in CPA . 
In addition , both ECPC and ECPA can significantly increase the cell viability in Aβ-treated PC12 cells . 
Moreover , ECPC and ECPA can markedly elevate the ratio of the protein and mRNA levels of Bcl-2 / Bax , while remarkably decrease the release of cytochrome c , and the protein and mRNA expression of caspase-3 . 
Interestingly , ECPA has better protective effect than ECPC against Aβ-induced neurotoxicity in PC12 cells . 
These results indicate that both ECPC and ECPA have potential protective effect against Aβ-induced neurotoxicity in PC12 cells , and ECPA is more potential of the two species to be used in traditional medicine as a neuroprotective agent for the treatment of AD . 
The neuroprotective effect of the two species may be mediated , at least in part , via suppressing of the cellular apoptosis . Dysregulation of the phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase ( PI3K ) pathway in a wide range of tumors has made PI3K a consensus target to inhibit as illustrated by more than 15 inhibitors now in clinical trials . 
Our previous work , built on the early pioneering multikinase inhibitor LY294002 , resulted in the only PI3K vascular-targeted PI3K inhibitor prodrug , SF1126 , which has now completed Phase I clinical trials . 
This inhibitor has properties that impart more in vivo activity than should be warranted by its enzymatic potency , which in general is much lower than other clinical stage PI3K inhibitors . 
We embarked on the exploration of scaffolds that retained such properties while simultaneously exhibiting an increased potency toward PI3K . 
This work resulted in the discovery of the 5-morpholino-7H-thieno [ 3 , 2-b ] pyran-7-one system as the foundation of a new compound class of potential PI3K inhibitors having improved potency toward PI3K . 
The synthesis and cancer stem cell-based activity of these compounds are reported herein . Green tea catechin leads to global improvement among Alzheimer's disease-related phenotypes in NSE / hAPP-C105 Tg mice . Photoinitiators used in food packaging ink , such as 2-isopropylthioxanthone ( 2-ITX ) , have been shown to migrate into food and beverages . 
Recently , several studies indicated that 2-ITX might be an endocrine-disrupting chemical . 
In this work , the effects of 2-ITX , 4-isopropylthioxanthone ( 4-ITX ) , 2 , 4-diethylthio xanthone ( 2 , 4-diethyl-TX ) , 2-chlorothioxanthone ( 2-chloro-TX ) , and 1-chloro-4-propoxythioxanthone ( 1-chloro-4-propoxy-TX ) on steroidogenesis and androgen and estrogen receptor-mediated transcription activation have been studied using human H295R adrenocarcinoma cells and yeast hormone bioassays , respectively . 
None of the compounds showed androgenic or estrogenic activities , but clear antiandrogenic and antiestrogenic activities were observed for 2-ITX , 4-ITX , and 2 , 4-diethyl-TX , whereas 2-chloro-TX showed only antiandrogenic activity . 
In an adapted version of the H295R steroidogenesis assay , using gas chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry analysis of H295R media , all five compounds increased levels of 17ß-estradiol and estrone . 
H295R cells incubated with 2-ITX also showed significantly reduced androgen and increased pregnenolone and progesterone levels . 
Expression of particular steroidogenic genes , including the one encoding for aromatase ( CYP19A1 ) , was significantly upregulated after incubation of H295R cells with 2-ITX , 4-ITX , and 2 , 4-diethyl-TX . 
In line with the increased CYP19A1 mRNA expression , 2-ITX increased catalytic activity of aromatase in H295R cells as measured by cognate aromatase assays . 
The results indicate that thioxanthone derivatives can act as potential endocrine disruptors both at the level of nuclear receptor signaling and steroid hormone production . 6 , 6-Disubstituted Hex-5-enoic acid derivatives as combined thromboxane A2 receptor antagonists and synthetase inhibitors . Directed evolution reveals hidden properties of VMAT , a neurotransmitter transporter . Ventral tegmental area α6β2 nicotinic acetylcholine receptors modulate phasic dopamine release in the nucleus accumbens core . Using radioligand binding assays , we determined the equilibrium dissociation constants ( KD's ) for 37 antidepressants , three of their metabolites ( desmethylcitalopram , desmethylsertraline , and norfluoxetine ) , some mood stabilizers , and assorted other compounds ( some antiepileptics , Ca2 + channel antagonists , benzodiazepines , psychostimulants , antihistamines , and monoamines ) for the human serotonin , norepinephrine , and dopamine transporters . 
Among the compounds that we tested , mazindol was the most potent at the human norepinephrine and dopamine transporters with KD's of 0 . 45 + / - 0 . 03 nM and 8 . 1 + / - 0 . 4 nM , respectively . 
Sertraline ( KD = 25 + / - 2 nM ) and nomifensine ( 56 + / - 3 nM ) were the two most potent antidepressants at the human dopamine transporter . 
We showed significant correlations for antidepressant affinities at binding to serotonin ( R = 0 . 93 ) , norepinephrine ( R = 0 . 97 ) , and dopamine ( R = 0 . 87 ) transporters in comparison to their respective values for inhibiting uptake of monoamines into rat brain synaptosomes . 
These data are useful in predicting some possible adverse effects and drug-drug interactions of antidepressants and related compounds . Genetic linkage of Fc gamma RIIa and Fc gamma RIIIa and implications for their use in predicting clinical responses to CD20-directed monoclonal antibody therapy . Although the presence and distribution of polychlorinated biphenyls ( PCBs ) in Arctic marine environments has been well documented , the implications for the health of biota are poorly understood . 
In the present study , multiple lines of evidence , including site-specific effects data , were used to assess PCB-related risks to marine biota at a contaminated military site in Saglek Bay , Labrador , Canada , from 1997 to 1999 . 
Risks were evaluated for three components of the ecosystem : benthic invertebrates , a bottom-feeding fish ( shorthorn sculpin , Myoxocephalus scorpius ) , and a diving seabird ( black guillemot , Cepphus grylle ) . 
Average sediment PCB concentrations exceeded the Canadian interim sediment quality guideline level by 41-fold . 
However , sediment toxicity testing and a benthic community survey showed no evidence of adverse effects . 
In contrast , shorthorn sculpin and black guillemot PCB exposures ( measured as sum of 55 congeners ) were elevated enough to pose risks to survival or reproduction . 
Based on the collective evidence , the authors estimated that risks were posed by sediment PCB concentrations greater than 77 ng / g dry weight for black guillemots and 750 ng / g dry weight for shorthorn sculpins . 
The present study , along with two parallel studies , provided information to support the management decisions concerning potential remedial action on the contaminated sediments . 
This ecological risk assessment describes the steps and rationale taken to evaluate the risk posed by an area of PCB-contaminated marine sediments in an otherwise relatively pristine northern coastal environment . Pyridoxal 5'-phosphate ( PLP ) stimulation of erythrocyte alanine and aspartate aminotransferase ( EALT , EAST ) activities is a frequently used functional measure of vitamin B-6 status . 
Stability of enzyme activities and activity coefficients ( AC , stimulated / unstimulated ) was assessed in packed erythrocytes frozen at -20 , -80 degrees C and under liquid nitrogen ( -196 degrees C ) . 
Activities of EALT and EAST , with and without added PLP , were determined in fresh erythrocytes ( d 0 ) and frozen samples on d 1 , 7 , 14 , 28 , 58 and 84 . 
In -20 degrees C samples , EALT basal activity decreased 17 and 22% ( P < or = 0 . 05 for both ) by d 58 and 84 , respectively , and EAST basal activity decreased 40% ( P < or = 0 . 05 ) by d 58 . 
In -80 and -196 degrees C samples , EALT and EAST basal activities did not change significantly . 
Activity coefficients did not differ significantly from d 0 at any storage temperature , but EAST-AC increased 9-19% ( nonsignificant ) in samples stored at -20 and -80 degrees C for 7 to 84 d . 
Additionally , EAST-AC was significantly higher in -20 than -80 and -196 degrees C samples on d 1 and 58 , respectively . 
Erythrocytes may be frozen for 28 d at -20 degrees C and 84 d at -80 degrees C before analysis for EALT; for EAST , activity should be measured on fresh erythrocytes . Formation of mainstream cigarette smoke constituents prioritized by the World Health Organization--yield patterns observed in market surveys , clustering and inverse correlations . The carboxylic acid NSAID fenclozic acid exhibited an excellent preclinical safety profile and promising clinical efficacy , yet was withdrawn from clinical development in 1971 due to hepatotoxicity observed in clinical trials . 
A variety of modern in vitro approaches have been used to explore potential underlying mechanisms . 
Covalent binding studies were undertaken with [ ( 14 ) C ] -fenclozic acid to investigate the possible role of reactive metabolites . 
Time-dependent covalent binding to protein was observed in NADPH-supplemented liver microsomes , although no metabolites were detected in these incubations or in reactive metabolite trapping experiments . 
In human hepatocytes , covalent binding was observed at lower levels than in microsomes and a minor uncharacterizable metabolite was also observed . 
In addition , covalent binding was observed in incubations undertaken with dog and rat hepatocytes , where a taurine conjugate of the drug was detected . 
Although an acyl glucuronide metabolite was detected when liver microsomes from human , rat and dog were supplemented with UDPGA , there was no detectable UDPGA-dependent covalent binding . 
No effects were observed when fenclozic acid was assessed for P450-dependent and P450-independent cytotoxicity to THLE cell lines , time-dependent inhibition of five major human cytochrome P450 enzymes , inhibition of the biliary efflux transporters BSEP and MRP2 or mitochondrial toxicity to THLE or HepG2 cells . 
These data suggest that Phase 1 bioactivation plays a role in the hepatotoxicity of fenclozic acid and highlight the unique insight into mechanisms of human drug toxicity that can be provided by investigations of biotransformation and covalent binding to proteins . Functional classification of amino acid decarboxylases from the alanine racemase structural family by phylogenetic studies . GH improves spatial memory and reverses certain anabolic androgenic steroid-induced effects in intact rats . A 5' flanking region of Gonadotropin Regulated Testicular RNA Helicase ( GRTH / DDX25 ) gene directs its cell specific androgen regulated gene expression in testicular germ cells . Anti-diabetic effects of brown algae derived phlorotannins , marine polyphenols through diverse mechanisms . Mutations in leucine-rich repeat kinase 2 ( LRRK2 ) are associated with familial Parkinson's disease ( PD ) . 
The kinase activity of this complex protein is increased by pathogenic mutations . 
Inhibition of LRRK2 kinase activity has therefore emerged as a promising approach for the treatment of PD . 
Herein we report our findings on a series of 4-alkylamino-7-aryl-3-cyanoquinolines that exhibit kinase inhibitory activity against both wild type and G2019S mutant LRRK2 . 
Activity was determined in both biochemical and cellular assays . 
Compound 14 was further evaluated in an in vivo pharmacodynamic study and found to significantly inhibit Ser935 phosphorylation after oral dosing . Background : Anaplastic thyroid cancers ( ATC ) represent only 1-2% of all thyroid tumors , but they account for up to 50% of the mortality . 
Treatment of differentiated thyroid carcinomas is well standardized and the use of radioiodine represents an essential step; in contrast , there is no standardized therapeutic approach for anaplastic tumors and their prognosis is poor . 
The resistance of anaplastic thyroid cancer to radioiodine treatment is principally due to the absence of expression of the sodium iodide symporter ( NIS ) , mainly due to epigenetic silencing . 
The acetylation status of histones is involved in the epigenetic control of gene expression and is usually disrupted in advanced thyroid cancer . 
Histone deacetylase inhibitors have been demonstrated as potent anticancer drugs with several different effects on cell viability and differentiation . 
Methods : Stabilized anaplastic thyroid cancer cell lines ( BHT-101 and CAL-62 ) and primary cultures from patients who underwent thyroidectomy for anaplastic thyroid cancer were treated with the histone deacetylase inhibitor LBH589 . 
After treatment , we evaluated the expression and function of NIS . 
Gene expression was evaluated by real-time PCR ( RT-PCR ) ; NIS promoter activity was determined with a luciferase reporter assay; and protein expression was assessed through immunofluorescence . 
We tested the protein function by 125I uptake and efflux experiments; finally the cytotoxic effect of 131I was determined with a clonogenic assay . 
Results : Our results demonstrate that treatment with LBH589 leads to NIS RNA expression as shown by RT-PCR and luciferase assay , and to protein expression as determined by immunofluorescence in vitro and by immunohistochemistry in xenograft tumors . 
Moreover , 125I uptake and efflux experiments show the correct protein function and iodine retention , that translate into cytotoxicity effects , as demonstrated by a clonogenic assay with 131I . 
Conclusions : This study supplies a new potential strategy for the treatment of ATC by modifying gene expression with the aim of inducing responsiveness towards radioiodine therapy . Hyperthyroidism causes cardiac dysfunction by mitochondrial impairment and energy depletion . The synthetic progestins used so far for contraception and menopausal hormone therapy are derived either from testosterone ( 19-nortestosterone derivatives ) or from progesterone ( 17-OH progesterone derivatives and 19-norprogesterone derivatives ) . 
Among the 19-nortestosterone derivatives , the estrane group include norethisterone ( NET ) and its metabolites , and the gonane group include levonorgestrel ( LNG ) and its derivatives . 
The later , including desogestrel ( DSG ) and its derivative etonogestrel , gestodene ( GES ) and norgestimate ( norelgestromin ) , have been referred to as third-generation progestins . 
Several new progestins have been synthesized in the last decade and may be considered as a fourth-generation of progestins . 
Dienogest is referred to as a hybrid progestin being derived from the estrane group with a 17alpha-cyanomethyl group , and drospirenone derives from spirolactone . 
These two progestins have no androgenic effect but a partial antiandrogenic effect . 
The later exerts anti-mineralocorticoid effects . 
This property leads to a decreased salt and water retention and a lowering in blood pressure in users of pills containing this progestin . 
The 19-norprogesterone derivatives appear more specifically progestational and do not possess any androgenic , estrogenic or glucocorticoid activity . 
They are referred to as "pure" progestational molecules as they bind almost exclusively to the progesterone receptor ( PR ) and do not interfere with the other steroid receptor . 
This category includes , trimegestone , nomegestrol acetate and Nestorone is not active orally but proved to be a potent anti-ovulatory agent when given in implants , vaginal rings or percutaneous gel . 
Non-androgenic progestins would appear neutral on metabolic factors and on the vessels and would have the advantage of avoiding acnea . 
Progestins with antiandrogenic properties may also be used for the treatment of women with preexisting androgen related conditions . 
The progestins available for therapy exhibit profound differences according to their structure or metabolites and it is inappropriate to consider the various effects of the old and new molecules as class-effects . NADH-ferric reductase activity associated with dihydropteridine reductase . The biarylpyrazole compound AM251 alters mitochondrial physiology via proteolytic degradation of ERRα . Twelve derivatives of oleanolic acid ( 1 ) have been synthesized and evaluated for their inhibitory activities against the growth of prostate PC3 , breast MCF-7 , lung A549 , and gastric BGC-823 cancer cells by MTT assays . 
Within these series of derivatives , compound 17 exhibited the most potent cytotoxicity against PC3 cell line ( IC50 = 0 . 39 μM ) and compound 28 displayed the best activity against A549 cell line ( IC50 = 0 . 22 μM ) . 
SAR analysis indicates that H-donor substitution at C-3 position of oleanolic acid may be advantageous for improvement of cytotoxicity against PC3 , A549 and MCF-7 cell lines . Aspidin PB , a phloroglucinol derivative isolated from Dryopteris fragrans ( L . 
) Schott , has been previously reported to exert high biological activities . 
In the present study , we analyzed the apoptotic mechanisms of aspidin PB on human hepatoma cell line , HepG2 . 
Initially , aspidin PB was shown to inhibit the growth of HepG2 cells in a time and dose-dependent manner . 
After treatment with aspidin PB for 72 h , 48 h and 24 h using MTT assay , the IC ( 50 ) values were 10 . 59 μM , 20 . 86 μM and 46 . 59 μM , respectively . 
Aspidin PB was capable to induce apoptosis , as measured by mitochondrial membrane potential ( ΔΨm ) , acridine orange ( AO ) staining and propidium iodide ( PI ) / annexin V-FITC double staining . 
To further explore the signaling pathway of aspidin PB-mediated apoptosis , we examined PI3K / Akt related proteins . 
Western blot analysis revealed that aspidin PB inhibited PI3K expression , phosphorylation of Ser473 Akt and Ser9 GSK3β followed by up-regulation of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs activated gene-1 ( NAG-1 ) expression . 
Similarly , the effects of aspidin PB on PI3K , Akt , GSK3β , NAG-1 expression were abolished by treatment with the PI3K inhibitor , wortmannin . 
Taken together , our data suggested that the PI3K / Akt / GSK3β signal pathway may represent one of the major mechanisms of the effects of aspidin PB on human hepatocarcinoma cells . l-glutamate not only confers cognitive discrimination for umami taste in the oral cavity , but also conveys sensory information to vagal afferent fibers in the gastric mucosa . 
We used RT-PCR , western blotting , and immunohistochemistry to demonstrate that mGluR1 is located in glandular stomach . 
Double staining revealed that mGluR1 is found at the apical membrane of chief cells and possibly in parietal cells . 
Moreover , a diet with 1% l-glutamate induced changes in the expression of pepsinogen C mRNA in stomach mucosa . 
These data suggest that mGluR1 is involved in the gastric phase regulation of protein digestion . Macrophage immunomodulatory activity of a purified polysaccharide isolated from Ganoderma atrum . Previous studies have demonstrated that histamine primarily excites unidentified neurons in the rat supraoptic nucleus . 
We investigated the neuromodulatory effects of histamine on immunohistochemically identified vasopressin neurons in the rat supraoptic nucleus using intracellular recording techniques from the hypothalamo-neurohypophysial explant . 
Exogenous application of histamine ( 0 . 1-100 microM ) to vasopressinergic neurons produced a small membrane depolarization accompanied by an increase of up to 100% in the amplitude of the depolarizing afterpotential that follows current-evoked trains of action potentials . 
The enhancement of the depolarizing afterpotential by histamine did not depend upon the depolarization . 
Further , histamine enhanced the amplitude of the depolarizing afterpotential when blocking the afterhyperpolarizing potential with d-tubocurarine or apamin , and in the presence of tetrodotoxin and d-tubocurarine or apamin , indicating a postsynaptic action of histamine on the depolarizing afterpotential that is not simply a reflection of a decrease in the afterhyperpolarizing potential . 
These toxins also had no effect on the histamine-induced depolarization . 
The enhancement of the depolarizing afterpotential by histamine was mimicked by the histamine H1-receptor agonist 2-thiazolylethylamine and was reduced or blocked by the H1-receptor antagonist promethazine , but was not blocked or reduced in the presence of the histamine H2-receptor antagonist , cimetidine . 
In summary , these results show that the excitatory effect of histamine on immunohistochemically identified vasopressin neurons in the supraoptic nucleus is due in part to the H1-receptor-mediated enhancement of the depolarizing afterpotential independent of any change in the afterhyperpolarizing potential or membrane potential . To elucidate the effect of an inhibitor of pyridoxal phosphate-dependent enzymes , aminooxyacetic acid , on the activity of serine racemase in vivo , we have investigated the effect of aminooxyacetic acid on the extracellular concentration of D-serine in the rat striatum using an in vivo microdialysis technique . 
The intrastriatal perfusion of aminooxyacetic acid caused a significant decline in the extracellular concentration of D-serine . 
These data , together with the fact that serine racemase is a pyridoxal phosphate-dependent enzyme , suggest that the aminooxyacetic acid-induced reduction of the extracellular D-serine may be at least in part due to the drug's ability to inhibit serine racemase . Effects of fenofibrate , a PPAR-α ligand , on the haemodynamics of glycerol-induced renal failure in rats . DAB ( 389 ) IL-2 ( denileukin diftitox , ONTAK ) : a new fusion protein technology . Schizophrenia is characterized by a range of positive and negative symptoms , and cognitive deficits . 
While positive symptoms respond to current antipsychotic agents , negative symptoms and cognitive deficits are often resistant to pharmacopea . 
Thus research is now focused on developing third-generation antipsychotics that combine antagonism or partial agonism at dopamine D ( 2 ) -like receptors with agonism at serotonin 5-HT ( 1A ) receptors . 
Such an association is anticipated to provide therapeutic benefits against a broader range of schizophrenia symptoms . 
Bifeprunox is one such third-generation antipsychotic agent which acts as a partial agonist at D ( 2 ) -like receptors and is an efficacious agonist at 5-HT ( 1A ) receptors , with little interaction at 5HT ( 2A / 2C ) , muscarinic or histaminergic H ( 1 ) receptors . 
This review summarizes the pharmacological profiles of the current antipsychotic agents and describes the rationale behind the development of third-generation antipsychotics . 
It also evaluates current data concerning bifeprunox in comparison with currently available antipsychotics , as well as those that are still under clinical development . Human CYP3A is the most abundant P450 isozyme present in the human liver and small intestine , and metabolizes around 50% of medical drugs on the market . 
The human CYP3A subfamily comprises four members ( CYP3A4 , CYP3A5 , CYP3A7 , CYP3A43 ) encoded on human chromosome 7 . 
However , transgenic mouse lines carrying the entire human CYP3A cluster have not been constructed because of limitations in conventional cloning techniques . 
Here , we show that the introduction of a human artificial chromosome ( HAC ) containing the entire genomic human CYP3A locus recapitulates tissue- and stage-specific expression of human CYP3A genes and xenobiotic metabolism in mice . 
About 700 kb of the entire CYP3A genomic segment was cloned into a HAC ( CYP3A-HAC ) , and trans-chromosomic ( Tc ) mice carrying a single copy of germline-transmittable CYP3A-HAC were generated via a chromosome-engineering technique . 
The tissue- and stage-specific expression profiles of CYP3A genes were consistent with those seen in humans . 
We further generated mice carrying the CYP3A-HAC in the background homozygous for targeted deletion of most endogenous Cyp3a genes . 
In this mouse strain with 'fully humanized' CYP3A genes , the kinetics of triazolam metabolism , CYP3A-mediated mechanism-based inactivation effects and formation of fetal-specific metabolites of dehydroepiandrosterone observed in humans were well reproduced . 
Thus , these mice are likely to be valuable in evaluating novel drugs metabolized by CYP3A enzymes and in studying the regulation of human CYP3A gene expression . 
Furthermore , this system can also be used for generating Tc mice carrying other human metabolic genes . Dysregulation of one-carbon metabolism-related metabolic processes is a major contributor to the pathogenesis of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease ( NAFLD ) . 
It is well established that genetic and gender-specific variations in one-carbon metabolism contribute to the vulnerability to NAFLD in humans . 
To examine the role of one-carbon metabolism dysregulation in the pathogenesis and individual susceptibility to NAFLD , we used a "population-based" mouse model where male mice from 7 inbred were fed a choline- and folate-deficient ( CFD ) diet for 12 wk . 
Strain-dependent down-regulation of several key one-carbon metabolism genes , including methionine adenosyltransferase 1α ( Mat1a ) , cystathionine-β-synthase ( Cbs ) , methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase ( Mthfr ) , adenosyl-homocysteinase ( Ahcy ) , and methylenetetrahydrofolate dehydrogenase 1 ( Mthfd1 ) , was observed . 
These changes were strongly associated with interstrain variability in liver injury ( steatosis , necrosis , inflammation , and activation of fibrogenesis ) and hyperhomocysteinemia . 
Mechanistically , the decreased expression of Mat1a , Ahcy , and Mthfd1 was linked to a reduced level and promoter binding of transcription factor CCAAT / enhancer binding protein β ( CEBPβ ) , which directly regulates their transcription . 
The strain specificity of diet-induced dysregulation of one-carbon metabolism suggests that interstrain variation in the regulation of one-carbon metabolism may contribute to the differential vulnerability to NFLD and that correcting the imbalance may be considered as preventive and treatment strategies for NAFLD . 
-Pogribny , I . 
P . 
, Kutanzi , K . 
, Melnyk , S . 
, de Conti , A . 
, Tryndyak , V . 
, Montgomery , B . 
, Pogribna , M . 
, Muskhelishvili , L . 
, Latendresse , J . 
R . 
, James , S . 
J . 
, Beland , F . 
A . 
, Rusyn , I . 
Strain-dependent dysregulation of one-carbon metabolism in male mice is associated with choline- and folate-deficient diet-induced liver injury . Characteristics and determinants of adult patients with acute poisoning attending the accident and emergency department of a teaching hospital in Qatar . Comparative value of tumour grade , hormonal receptors , Ki-67 , HER-2 and topoisomerase II alpha status as predictive markers in breast cancer patients treated with neoadjuvant anthracycline-based chemotherapy . Investigation of bradykinin metabolism in human and rat plasma in the presence of the dual ACE / NEP inhibitors GW660511X and omapatrilat . Glycans anchored to residue N297 of the antibody IgG Fc domain are critical in mediating binding toward FcγRs to direct both adaptive and innate immune responses . 
However , using a full length bacterial IgG display system , we have isolated aglycosylated Fc domains with mutations that confer up to a 160-fold increase in the affinity toward the low affinity FcγRIIa-R131 allele as well as high selectivity against binding to the remarkably homologous human inhibitory receptor , FcγRIIb . 
The mutant Fc domain ( AglycoT-Fc1004 ) contained a total of 5 amino acid substitutions that conferred an activating to inhibitory ratio of 25 ( A / I ratio; FcyRIIa-R131 : FcγRIIb ) . 
Incorporation of this engineered Fc into trastuzumab , an anti-Her2 antibody , resulted in a 75% increase in tumor cell phagocytosis by macrophages compared to that of the parental glycosylated trastuzumab with both medium and low Her2-expressing cancer cells . 
A mathematical model has been developed to help explain how receptor affinity and the A / I ratio relate to improved antibody dependent cell-mediated phagocytosis . 
Our model provides guidelines for the future engineering of Fc domains with enhanced effector function . In Africa , Sutherlandia frutescens is a popular medicinal herb widely consumed by people living with human immunodeficiency virus / AIDS . 
Concomitant use with antiretroviral drugs has generated concerns of herb-drug interaction ( HDI ) . 
This study investigated the inhibitory effects of the crude extracts of S . 
frutescens on the major cytochrome P450 isozymes with the use of pooled human liver microsomes . 
Its effect on the metabolic clearance of midazolam using cryopreserved hepatocytes was also monitored . 
The potential of S . 
frutescens to inhibit human ATP-binding cassette transporters ( P-gp and BCRP ) and the human organic anion transporting polypeptide ( OATP1B1 and OATP1B3 ) activity was assessed using cell lines overexpressing the transporter proteins . 
S . 
frutescens showed inhibitory potency for CYP1A2 ( IC ( 50 ) = 41 . 0 µg / ml ) , CYP2A6 ( IC ( 50 ) = 160 µg / ml ) , CYP2B6 ( IC ( 50 ) = 20 . 0 µg / ml ) , CYP2C8 ( IC ( 50 ) = 22 . 4 µg / ml ) , CYP2C9 ( IC ( 50 ) = 23 . 0 µg / ml ) , CYP2C19 ( IC ( 50 ) = 35 . 9 µg / ml ) , and CYP3A4 / 5 ( IC ( 50 ) = 17 . 5 µg / ml [ with midazolam1'-hydroxylation ] ; IC ( 50 ) = 28 . 3 µg / ml [ with testosterone 6β-hydroxylation ] ) . 
Time-dependent ( irreversible ) inhibition by S . 
frutescens was observed for CYP3A4 / 5 ( K ( I ) = 296 µg / ml , k ( inact ) = 0 . 063 min ( -1 ) ) under the conditions of this study . 
S . 
frutescens also delays the production of midazolam metabolites in the hepatocytes , decreasing its clearance by 40% . 
Furthermore , S . 
frutescens inhibited P-gp ( IC ( 50 ) = 324 . 8 µg / ml ) , OATP1B1 ( IC ( 50 ) = 10 . 4 µg / ml ) , and OATP1B3 ( IC ( 50 ) = 6 . 6 µg / ml ) . 
The result indicates the potential for HDI between S . 
frutescens and the substrates of the affected enzymes , if sufficient in vivo concentration of the extract is attained . In invertebrates , the phenolamines , tyramine and octopamine , mediate many functional roles usually associated with the catecholamines , noradrenaline and adrenaline , in vertebrates . 
The α- and β-adrenergic classes of insect octopamine receptor are better activated by octopamine than tyramine . 
Similarly , the Tyramine 1 subgroup of receptors ( or Octopamine / Tyramine receptors ) are better activated by tyramine than octopamine . 
However , recently , a new Tyramine 2 subgroup of receptors was identified , which appears to be activated highly preferentially by tyramine . 
We examined immunocytochemically the ability of CG7431 , the founding member of this subgroup from Drosophila melanogaster , to be internalized in transfected Chinese hamster ovary ( CHO ) cells by different agonists . 
It was only internalized after activation by tyramine . 
Conversely , the structurally related receptor , CG16766 , was internalized by a number of biogenic amines , including octopamine , dopamine , noradrenaline , adrenaline , which also were able to elevate cyclic AMP levels . 
Studies with synthetic agonists and antagonists confirm that CG16766 has a different pharmacological profile to that of CG7431 . 
Species orthologues of CG16766 were only found in Drosophila species , whereas orthologues of CG7431 could be identified in the genomes of a number of insect species . 
We propose that CG16766 represents a new group of tyramine receptors , which we have designated the Tyramine 3 receptors . Effects of octylphenol and bisphenol A on the expression of calcium transport genes in the mouse duodenum and kidney during pregnancy . Testing chemicals for their endocrine-disrupting potential , including interference with estrogen receptor ( ER ) signaling , is an important aspect of chemical safety testing . 
Because of the practical drawbacks of animal testing , the development of in vitro alternatives for the uterotrophic assay and other in vivo ( anti ) estrogenicity tests has high priority . 
It was previously demonstrated that an in vitro assay that profiles ligand-induced binding of ERα to a microarray of coregulator-derived peptides might be a valuable candidate for a panel of in vitro assays aiming at an ultimate replacement of the uterotrophic assay . 
In the present study , the reproducibility and robustness of this coregulator binding assay was determined by measuring the binding profiles of 14 model compounds that are recommended by the Office of Prevention , Pesticides and Toxic Substances for testing laboratory proficiency in estrogen receptor transactivation assays . 
With a median coefficient of variation of 5 . 0% and excellent correlation ( R ( 2 ) = 0 . 993 ) between duplicate measurements , the reproducibility of the ERα-coregulator binding assay was better than the reproducibility of other commonly used in vitro ER functional assays . 
In addition , the coregulator binding assay is correctly predicting the estrogenicity for 13 out of 14 compounds tested . 
When the potency of the ER-agonists to induce ERα-coregulator binding was compared to their ER binding affinity , their ranking was similar , and the correlation between the EC50 values was excellent ( R ( 2 ) = 0 . 96 ) , as was the correlation with their potency in a transactivation assay ( R ( 2 ) = 0 . 94 ) . 
Moreover , when the ERα-coregulator binding profiles were hierarchically clustered using Euclidian cluster distance , the structurally related compounds were found to cluster together , whereas the steroid test compounds having an aromatic A-ring were separated from those with a cyclohexene A-ring . 
We concluded that this assay is capable of distinguishing ERα agonists and antagonists and that it even reflects the structural similarity of ERα agonists , indicating a potential to achieve identification and classification of ERα endocrine disruptors with high fidelity . Indirect immunofluorescence studies on the steroid-producing activity of hamster ova . Accelerated mitochondrial adenosine diphosphate / adenosine triphosphate transport improves hypertension-induced heart disease . Reduction of cerebral infarct size by the AT1-receptor blocker candesartan , the HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor rosuvastatin and their combination . 
An experimental study in rats . Dehydroepiandrosterone ( DHEA ) , a C19 human adrenal steroid , activates peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha ( PPARalpha ) in vivo but does not ligand-activate PPARalpha in transient transfection experiments . 
We demonstrate that DHEA regulates PPARalpha action by altering both the levels and phosphorylation status of the receptor . 
Human hepatoma cells ( HepG2 ) were transiently transfected with the expression plasmid encoding PPARalpha and a plasmid containing two copies of fatty acyl coenzyme oxidase ( FACO ) peroxisome-proliferator activated receptor responsive element consensus oligonucleotide in a luciferase reporter gene . 
Nafenopin treatment increased reporter gene activity in this system , whereas DHEA treatment did not . 
Okadaic acid significantly decreased nafenopin-induced reporter activity in a concentration-dependent manner . 
Okadaic acid treatment of primary rat hepatocytes decreased both DHEA- and nafenopin-induced FACO activity in primary rat hepatocytes . 
DHEA induced both PPARalpha mRNA and protein levels , as well as PP2A message in primary rat hepatocytes . 
Western blot analysis showed that the serines at positions 12 and 21 were rapidly dephosphorylated upon treatment with DHEA and nafenopin . 
Results using specific protein phosphatase inhibitors suggested that protein phosphatase 2A ( PP2A ) is responsible for DHEA action , and protein phosphatase 1 might be involved in nafenopin induction . 
Mutation of serines at position 6 , 12 , and 21 to an uncharged alanine residue significantly increased transcriptional activity , whereas mutation to negative charged aspartate residues ( mimicking receptor phosphorylation ) decreased transcriptional activity . 
DHEA action involves induction of PPARalpha mRNA and protein levels as well as increased PPARalpha transcriptional activity through decreasing receptor phosphorylation at serines in the AF1 region . The mycotoxin alternariol ( AOH ) , a frequent contaminant in fruit and cereal products , is known to induce DNA damage with subsequent cell cycle arrest . 
Here we elucidated the effects of AOH on stages of cell cycle progression using the RAW 264 . 7 macrophage model . 
AOH resulted in an accumulation of cells in the G2 / M-phase ( 4N ) . 
Most cells exhibited a large G2 nucleus whereas numbers of true mitotic cells were reduced relative to control . 
Both cyclin B1 and p-cdc2 levels increased , while cyclin B1 remained in the cytoplasm; suggesting arrest in the G2 / M transition point . 
Remarkably , after exposure to AOH for 24h , most of the cells exhibited abnormally shaped nuclei , as evidenced by partly divided nuclei , nuclear blebs , polyploidy and micronuclei ( MN ) . 
AOH treatment also induced abnormal Aurora B bridges , suggesting that cytokinesis was interfered within cells undergoing karyokinesis . 
A minor part of the resultant G1 tetraploid ( 4N ) cells re-entered the S-phase and progressed to 8N cells . Roles played by lymphocyte function-associated antigen-1 in the regulation of lymphocytic cholinergic activity . OBJECTIVES : Mucin gene expression and mucin production are markedly increased in inflammatory airway disorders such as asthma , chronic bronchitis and rhinosinusitis . 
Cytokines , lipopolysaccharides and other inflammatory mediators such as prostaglandin and leukotriene are related to the secretion and production of mucin . 
However , the relationship of leukotrienes with mucin genes expression is not clear . 
The aim of this study is to evaluate MUC2 / 5AC gene expression and mucin secretion by the leukotriene receptor in human airway epithelial cells . 
METHODS : The effect of leukotriene D ( 4 ) and the leukotriene receptor antagonist , pranlukast hydrate ( ONO-1078 ) on the regulation of MUC2 / 5AC gene expression and mucin secretion were observed in human airway NCI-H292 epithelial cells . 
The mRNA levels of MUC2 / 5AC and the amount of mucin were determined by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction ( RT-PCR ) and immunoassay . 
RESULTS : Leukotriene D ( 4 ) upregulated MUC2 / 5AC gene expression and mucin secretion in a dose dependent pattern . 
Pranlukast hydrate ( ONO-1078 , 100 microM ) downregulated the leukotriene D ( 4 ) -induced MUC2 / 5AC gene expression and mucin secretion . 
CONCLUSION : These results suggest that the leukotriene receptor system is one of the mechanisms related to MUC2 / 5AC gene expression and mucin secretion in the human airway epithelium . Alcohol modulates expression of DNA methyltranferases and methyl CpG- / CpG domain-binding proteins in murine embryonic fibroblasts . The present study investigates enzyme activities of the urea cycle , transamidinase and ornithine-proline inter-conversion in the hypertrophied kidney after unilateral nephrectomy in mice . 
Surgical removal of the left kidney in mice led to compensatory enlargement of the right kidney after 1 and 14 days . 
This renal growth was associated with an increase in glomerular volume ( but not number ) and enlargement of the proximal convoluted tubules . 
The total renal protein content increased in proportion to the increase in kidney weight , but the protein per gram weight of kidney did not change . 
The specific activity of only ornithine aminotransferase ( OAT ) , the rate-limiting enzyme in the conversion of ornithine to proline , increased in 2 weeks of hypertrophy . 
The specific activity of all other enzymes was unchanged . 
However , the total enzyme activity per kidney of all the enzymes , without exception , was elevated in the hypertrophied kidney . 
While the increase in total OAT activity was much more than the increase in kidney weight , all other enzymes increased more or less in proportion to the increase in renal mass . 
The results suggest that compensation in OAT activity to chronic reduction in renal mass was complete , but only partial in the case of other enzymes . Canagliflozin , an inhibitor of sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 , for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus . The modulating effect of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor α ligand on haemodynamic effects of phenylepherine ( PE ) , angiotensin II ( AII ) , endothelin 1 ( ET1 ) , acetylcholine ( Ach ) , sodium nitroprusside ( SNP ) and isoproterenol ( ISO ) were evaluated in glycerol-induced acute kidney injury in rats . 
The effect of PE on fenofibrate-treated animals was a dose-dependent increase in mean arterial blood pressure ( MAP ) . 
For AII and ET1 , MAP was also increased for the fenofibrate group but not in a dose-dependent fashion . 
On the medullary blood flow ( MBF ) , while the lower doses of PE and AII increased the perfusion unit on the fenofibrate-treated group , the higher doses decreased the perfusion unit . 
The ET1 increased the perfusion unit on this group but not in dose-dependent fashion . 
The effects of PE and AII on the cortical blood flow ( CBF ) of fenofibrate-treated group is similar to that of MBF for the same group but not for ET1 . 
The effect of Ach , SNP and ISO in all the groups was the decrease in MAP . 
ISO caused dose-dependent increase in MBF of fenofibrate-treated group . 
The effect of Ach , SNP and ISO on the CBF perfusion unit was that of the increase for the fenofibrate-treated group . 
The study showed that fenofibrate did not attenuate increased blood pressure induced by PE , AII and ET1 but caused enhanced vasodilation by Ach , SNP and ISO . The ascending dopamine system of the mammalian brain has been associated with motor , mnemonic and goal-directed or reward-related behaviour . 
The most progress in understanding the cortical mechanisms of dopaminergic modulation of function has been made with regards to short-term mnemonic ( or working memory ) function . 
Research in experimental animals strongly suggests that stimulation of dopamine D1 receptors in the prefrontal cortex can ameliorate spatial working memory related cognitive deficits , and may even enhance cognitive function in healthy animals . 
Research in humans has not been able to clearly replicate these findings , partly due to the lack of available agents that can safely be used . 
Low doses of dopamine D2 receptor agonists such as bromocriptine and pergolide may be able to enhance working memory and executive functions , but these effects may be dependent on the nature of the tasks used and the baseline performance levels of the subjects . 
Thus , the effects of dopaminergic cognitive enhancers may not be simple , or uniform across subjects . 
Systematic studies in humans carefully controlling task parameters are needed in order to specify the potential cognitive processes open to enhancement with dopaminergics . 
However , since the DA receptor subtypes in different brain regions appear to differentially influence similar functions , carefully defining the cognitive processes to be tested against potential therapeutics is an equally important goal . 
Studies in patients groups using selective dopaminergics are rather restricted , but show promise for designing large-scale clinical trials into the cognitive enhancing properties of potential therapeutic agents that act through the dopamine system . The Atrial Natriuretic Peptide Genetic Variant Rs5068 Is Associated With a Favorable Cardiometabolic Phenotype in a Mediterranean Population . Sir2 is an evolutionarily conserved NAD ( + ) -dependent deacetylase which has been shown to play a critical role in glucose and fat metabolism . 
In this study , we have perturbed Drosophila Sir2 ( dSir2 ) expression , bidirectionally , in muscles and the fat body . 
We report that dSir2 plays a critical role in insulin signaling , glucose homeostasis , and mitochondrial functions . 
Importantly , we establish the nonautonomous functions of fat body dSir2 in regulating mitochondrial physiology and insulin signaling in muscles . 
We have identified a novel interplay between dSir2 and dFOXO at an organismal level , which involves Drosophila insulin-like peptide ( dILP ) -dependent insulin signaling . 
By genetic perturbations and metabolic rescue , we provide evidence to illustrate that fat body dSir2 mediates its effects on the muscles via free fatty acids ( FFA ) and dILPs ( from the insulin-producing cells [ IPCs ] ) . 
In summary , we show that fat body dSir2 is a master regulator of organismal energy homeostasis and is required for maintaining the metabolic regulatory network across tissues . 1 . 
The aim of the present study was to evaluate the relative beta 1 / beta 2 antagonist selectivity of the beta-adrenoceptor blocker nadolol , in lower than conventional clinical doses . 
2 . 
Eight normal volunteers received single oral doses of either placebo ( PL ) , nadolol 5 mg ( N5 ) , 20 mg ( N20 ) or 80 mg ( N80 ) in a single-blind , randomised crossover design . 
beta 1-adrenoceptor antagonism was assessed by attenuation of exercise tachycardia , and beta 2-adrenoceptor blockade by effects on salbutamol-induced chronotropic , hypokalaemic and finger tremor responses . 
The relative percentage attenuation of beta 2 and beta 1-mediated responses was calculated and expressed as beta 2 : beta 1 selectivity ratios . 
3 . 
Nadolol produced dose-related reductions in exercise tachycardia in keeping with increasing beta 1-adrenoceptor blockade; mean % reduction ( 95% CI ) compared with placebo : N5 10 . 7 ( 6 . 6 to 14 . 8 ) , N20 21 . 4 ( 17 . 3 to 25 . 4 ) , N80 38 . 9 ( 34 . 8 to 42 . 9 ) . 
However , even the lowest dose of nadolol ( 5 mg ) produced almost complete blunting of beta 2-mediated effects and significantly increase exercise hyperkalaemia; peak exercise hyperkalaemia ( mmol l-1 ) ( means and 95% CI ) : PL 4 . 88 ( 4 . 68 to 5 . 07 ) , N5 5 . 36 ( 5 . 17 to 5 . 55 ) , N20 5 . 48 ( 5 . 28 to 5 . 67 ) , N80 5 . 42 ( 5 . 22 to 5 . 61 ) . 
beta 2 : beta 1 selectivity ratios significantly increased as the dose of nadolol was reduced . 
4 . 
These data suggest that whereas in the clinical dose range nadolol behaves as a non-selective beta-adrenoceptor antagonist , as the dose is reduced this drug demonstrates an increasing degree of selectivity for the beta 2-adrenoceptor . 
( ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS ) Synthesis and Structure-Activity Relationship Studies of Derivatives of the Dual Aromatase-Sulfatase Inhibitor 4-{ [ ( 4-Cyanophenyl ) ( 4H-1 , 2 , 4-triazol-4-yl ) amino ] methyl}phenyl sulfamate . Oxytocin antagonist ( OTA ) , TT-235 , was developed by our group and shown to inhibit either spontaneous or oxytocin-induced uterine contractions in primates . 
The purpose of the present study was to confirm the duration of TT-235 to block oxytocin-induced uterine contractions in estrous rats . 
In Experiment 1 , the time-response of the three OTAs on uterine contractility was examined . 
The rats were anesthetized and cannulas were placed in the jugular vein for infusing vehicle ( sterile saline ) , Antag I , Antag II and TT-235 . 
The uterine activity was monitored through a water-filled balloon-tipped cannula placed in the uterine horn . 
The uterine contractile activity was determined as the integrated area for 10 minutes . 
Each OTA was administered as a single bolus injection of 5 microg , followed by 100 mU of oxytocin 5 minutes later , also done as a single bolus . 
Oxytocin injection of the same dosage was repeated every hour for 5 hours . 
Experiment 2 determined the effect of the three OTAs on uterine oxytocin receptor number ( Rn ) and binding affinity ( Kd ) . 
Rats treated with either OTA or vehicle were sacrificed at 0 . 5 and 4 hours for receptor assay . 
In Experiment 1 , Antag I , Antag II and TT-235 inhibited the integrated uterine response to oxytocin at 5 minutes by 76% , 77% and 80% , respectively , compared to controls ( p<0 . 05 ) . 
Two hours after injecting Antag I , inhibition of uterine contractility was 55% lower than controls ( p<0 . 05 ) . 
At 3 hours , uterine contractility was no longer affected in rats treated with Antag I compared with controls . 
The suppressive uterine activity with Antag II continued up to 3 hours . 
However , uterine contractility remained lower ( 53% ) in rats treated with TT-235 5 hours later . 
In Experiment 2 , TT-235 induced a significant decrease ( p<0 . 05 ) in oxytocin receptor number and binding affinity at both 0 . 5 and 4 hours compared with controls . 
Antag I and Antag II did not alter oxytocin receptor number or binding affinity significantly at each time point studied compared with controls . 
In conclusion , TT-235 may inhibit the uterine response to oxytocin by decreasing oxytocin receptor numbers and oxytocin binding affinity , which might explain the prolonged oxytocin antagonist activity of TT-235 . Enhancement of radiosensitivity by topoisomerase II inhibitor , amrubicin and amrubicinol , in human lung adenocarcinoma A549 cells and kinetics of apoptosis and necrosis induction . Toxicity of the flame-retardant BDE-49 on brain mitochondria and neuronal progenitor striatal cells enhanced by a PTEN-deficient background . Galangin attenuates mast cell-mediated allergic inflammation . The goal of this study was to monitor the anti-proliferative activity of Rosmarinus officinalis and Salvia officinalis extracts against cancer cells and to correlate this activity with their phytochemical profiles using liquid chromatography / diode array detection / electrospray ion trap tandem mass spectrometry ( LC / DAD / ESI-MS ( n ) ) . 
For the quantitative estimation of triterpenic acids in the crude extracts an NMR based methodology was used and compared with the HPLC measurements , both applied for the first time , for the case of betulinic acid . 
Both extracts exerted cytotoxic activity through dose-dependent impairment of viability and mitochondrial activity of rat insulinoma m5F ( RINm5F ) cells . 
Decrease of RINm5F viability was mediated by nitric oxide ( NO ) -induced apoptosis . 
Importantly , these extracts potentiated NO and TNF-α release from macrophages therefore enhancing their cytocidal action . 
The rosemary extract developed more pronounced antioxidant , cytotoxic and immunomodifying activities , probably due to the presence of betulinic acid and a higher concentration of carnosic acid in its phytochemical profile . Narirutin fraction from citrus peels attenuates alcoholic liver disease in mice . The construction and general performance of thirteen new polymeric membrane sensors for the determination of fexofenadine hydrochloride based on its ion exchange with reineckate , tetraphenylborate and tetraiodomercurate have been studied . 
The effects of membrane composition , type of plasticizer , pH value of sample solution and concentration of the analyte in the sensor internal solution have been thoroughly investigated . 
The novel sensor based on reineckate exchanger shows a stable , potentiometric response for fexofenadine in the concentration range of 1 x 10 ( -2 ) - 2 . 5 x 10 ( -6 ) M at 25 degrees C that is independent of pH in the range of 2 . 0 - 4 . 5 . 
The sensor possesses a Nernstian cationic slope of 62 . 3 + / -0 . 7 mV / concentration decade and a lower detection limit of 1 . 3 x 10 ( -6 ) M with a fast response time of 20 - 40 s . 
Selectivity coefficients for a number of interfering ions and excipients relative to fexofenadine were investigated . 
There is negligible interference from almost all studied cations , anions , and pharmaceutical excipients , however , citrizine that has a structure homologous to that of fexofenadine was found to interfere . 
The determination of fexofenadine in aqueous solution shows an average recovery of 99 . 83% with a mean relative standard deviation ( RSD ) of 0 . 5% . 
Direct potentiometric determination of fexofenadine in tablets gave results that compare favorably with those obtained by standard spectrophotometric methods . 
Potentiometric titration of fexofenadine with phosphomolybdic acid as a titrant has been monitored with the proposed sensor as an end point indicator electrode . Induction of C-X-C Chemokine Receptor Type 7 ( CXCR7 ) Switches Stromal Cell-Derived Factor-1 ( SDF-1 ) Signaling and Phagocytic Activity in Macrophages Linked to Atherosclerosis . Carboxylesterases hydrolyze esters , amides , and thioesters to produce carboxylic acids and resulting alcohols , amines , and thiols , respectively . 
Uridine 5'-diphosphate- glucuronosyltransferases are colocalized with carboxylesterases and have the potential to further metabolize carboxylic acids to acyl glucuronides , but it is currently unknown if acyl glucuronides , being esters , also interact with carboxylesterases . 
Objective : This study explores the ability of acyl glucuronides to act as substrates or inhibitors of human carboxylesterases 1 ( hCES1 ) and 2 ( hCES2 ) . 
Methods : The stability of six acyl glucuronides in the presence of hCES1 , hCES2 , and buffer alone ( 100 mM potassium phosphate , pH 7 . 4 , 37°C ) were investigated . 
Reversible inhibition of 4-nitrophenyl acetate hydrolysis by the acyl glucuronides was also studied . 
Diclofenac-β-d-glucuronide was used to explore potential time-dependent inactivation . 
Results : The chemical stability half-life values for CGP 47292-β-d-glucuronide , diclofenac-β-d-glucuronide , ( R ) -naproxen-β-d-glucuronide , ( S ) -naproxen-β-d-glucuronide , ibuprofen-β-d-glucuronide ( racemic ) , clopidogrel-β-d-glucuronide , and valproate-β-d-glucuronide were found to be 0 . 252 , 0 . 537 , 0 . 996 , 1 . 77 , 3 . 67 , 5 . 02 , and 15 . 2 hours , respectively . 
Diclofenac-β-d-glucuronide , clopidogrel-β-d-glucuronide , ibuprofen-β-d-glucuronide , ( R ) -naproxen-β-d-glucuronide , and ( S ) -naproxen-β-d-glucuronide selectively inhibited hCES1 , with Ki values of 4 . 32 ± 0 . 47 , 24 . 8 ± 4 . 2 , 355 ± 38 , 468 ± 21 , 707 ± 64 µM , respectively , but did not significantly inhibit hCES2 . 
Valproate-β-d-glucuronide and CGP 47292-β-d-glucuronide did not inhibit either hCES . 
Time-dependent inactivation of hCES1 by diclofenac-β-d-glucuronide was not observed . 
Lastly , both hCES1 and hCES2 were shown not to catalyze the hydrolysis of the acyl glucuronides studied . 
Conclusion : Drug-drug interaction studies may be warranted for drugs that metabolize to acyl glucuronides due to the potential inhibition of hCESs . The Detection of Dopamine Gene Receptors ( DRD1-DRD5 ) Expression on Human Peripheral Blood Lymphocytes by Real Time PCR . OBJECTIVEChronic exposure to calcineurin inhibitors and corticosteroids poses renal transplant recipients ( RTR ) at high risk for development of new-onset diabetes after transplantation ( NODAT ) . 
Pancreatic β-cell dysfunction may be crucial to the pathophysiology of NODAT and specific markers for β-cell dysfunction may have additive value for predicting NODAT in this population . 
Therefore , we prospectively investigated whether proinsulin , as a marker of pancreatic β-cell dysfunction , is associated with future development of NODAT and improves prediction of it . 
RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODSAll RTR between 2001 and 2003 with a functioning graft for ≥1 year were considered eligible for inclusion , except for subjects with diabetes at baseline who were excluded . 
We recorded incidence of NODAT until April 2012 . 
RESULTSA total of 487 RTR ( age 50 ± 12 years , 55% men ) participated at a median time of 6 . 0 ( interquartile range [ IQR ] , 2 . 6-11 . 5 ) years after transplantation . 
Median fasting proinsulin levels were 16 . 6 ( IQR , 11 . 0-24 . 2 ) pmol / L . 
During median follow-up for 10 . 1 ( IQR , 9 . 1-10 . 4 ) years , 42 ( 35% ) RTR had development of NODAT in the highest quartile of the distribution of proinsulin versus 34 ( 9% ) in the lowest three quartiles ( P < 0 . 001 ) . 
In Cox regression analyses , proinsulin ( hazard ratio , 2 . 29; 95% confidence interval , 1 . 85-2 . 83; P < 0 . 001 ) was strongly associated with NODAT development . 
This was independent of age , sex , calcineurine inhibitors , prednisolone use , components of the metabolic syndrome , or homeostasis model assessment . 
CONCLUSIONSIn conclusion , fasting proinsulin is strongly associated with NODAT development in RTR . 
Our results highlight the role of β-cell dysfunction in the pathophysiology of NODAT and indicate the potential value of proinsulin for identification of RTR at increased risk for NODAT . Characterization of cytosolic glutathione peroxidase and phospholipid-hydroperoxide glutathione peroxidase genes in rainbow trout ( Oncorhynchus mykiss ) and their modulation by in vitro selenium exposure . Endothelial apoptosis induced by inhibition of integrins alphavbeta3 and alphavbeta5 involves ceramide metabolic pathways . Suppression of ischemia / reperfusion liver injury by histamine H4 receptor stimulation in rats . As a treatment for dyslipidemia , oral doses of 1-3 grams of nicotinic acid per day lower serum triglycerides , raise high density lipoprotein cholesterol , and reduce mortality from coronary heart disease ( Tavintharan , S . 
, and Kashyap , M . 
L . 
( 2001 ) Curr . 
Atheroscler . 
Rep . 
3 , 74-82 ) . 
These benefits likely result from the ability of nicotinic acid to inhibit lipolysis in adipocytes and thereby reduce serum non-esterified fatty acid levels ( Carlson , L . 
A . 
( 1963 ) Acta Med . 
Scand . 
173 , 719-722 ) . 
In mice , nicotinic acid inhibits lipolysis via PUMA-G , a Gi / o-coupled seven-transmembrane receptor expressed in adipocytes and activated macrophages ( Tunaru , S . 
, Kero , J . 
, Schaub , A . 
, Wufka , C . 
, Blaukat , A . 
, Pfeffer , K . 
, and Offermanns , S . 
( 2003 ) Nat . 
Med . 
9 , 352-355 ) . 
The human ortholog HM74a is also a nicotinic acid receptor and likely has a similar role in anti-lipolysis . 
Endogenous levels of nicotinic acid are too low to significantly impact receptor activity , hence the natural ligands ( s ) of HM74a / PUMA-G remain to be elucidated . 
Here we show that the fatty acid-derived ketone body ( D ) -beta-hydroxybutyrate ( ( D ) -beta-OHB ) specifically activates PUMA-G / HM74a at concentrations observed in serum during fasting . 
Like nicotinic acid , ( D ) -beta-OHB inhibits mouse adipocyte lipolysis in a PUMA-G-dependent manner and is thus the first endogenous ligand described for this orphan receptor . 
These findings suggests a homeostatic mechanism for surviving starvation in which ( D ) -beta-OHB negatively regulates its own production , thereby preventing ketoacidosis and promoting efficient use of fat stores . Changes of phosphorylation of cAMP response element binding protein in rat nucleus accumbens after chronic ethanol intake : naloxone reversal . 5-Aminolevulinic acid synthase ( ALAS ) , the first enzyme of the heme biosynthesis pathway , catalyses the pyridoxal 5'-phosphate-dependent condensation between glycine and succinyl-CoA to yield 5-aminolevulinic acid ( 5-amino-4-oxopentanoate ) . 
A three-dimensional structural model of Rhodobacter spheroides ALAS has been constructed and used to identify amino acid residues at the active site that are likely to be important for the recognition of glycine , the only amino acid substrate . 
Several residues have been investigated by site-directed mutagenesis and enzyme variants have been generated that are able to use alanine , serine or threonine . 
A three-dimensional structure model of 5-aminolevulinic acid synthase from human erythrocytes ( ALAS 2 ) has also been constructed and used to map a range of naturally occurring human mutants that give rise to X-linked sideroblastic anemia . 
A number of these anemias respond favourably to vitamin B ( 6 ) ( pyridoxine ) therapy , whereas others are either partially responsive or completely refractory . 
Detailed investigations with selected human mutants have highlighted the importance of arginine-517 that is implicated in glycine carboxyl group binding . Although agonist binding in adrenergic receptors is fairly well understood and involves residues located in transmembrane domains 3 through 6 , there are few residues reported that are involved in antagonist binding . 
In fact , a major docking site for antagonists has never been reported in any G-protein coupled receptor . 
It has been speculated that antagonist binding is quite diverse depending upon the chemical structure of the antagonist , which can be quite different from agonists . 
We now report the identification of two phenylalanine residues in transmembrane domain 7 of the alpha ( 1a ) -adrenergic receptor ( Phe-312 and Phe-308 ) that are a major site of antagonist affinity . 
Mutation of either Phe-308 or Phe-312 resulted in significant losses of affinity ( 4-1200-fold ) for the antagonists prazosin , WB4101 , BMY7378 , ( + ) niguldipine , and 5-methylurapidil , with no changes in affinity for phenethylamine-type agonists such as epinephrine , methoxamine , or phenylephrine . 
Interestingly , both residues are involved in the binding of all imidazoline-type agonists such as oxymetazoline , cirazoline , and clonidine , confirming previous evidence that this class of ligand binds differently than phenethylamine-type agonists and may be more antagonist-like , which may explain their partial agonist properties . 
In modeling these interactions with previous mutagenesis studies and using the current backbone structure of rhodopsin , we conclude that antagonist binding is docked higher in the pocket closer to the extracellular surface than agonist binding and appears skewed toward transmembrane domain 7 . SMC6 is an essential gene in mice , but a hypomorphic mutant in the ATPase domain has a mild phenotype with a range of subtle abnormalities . Physiological effects of fenpropimorph on wild-type Saccharomyces cerevisiae and fenpropimorph-resistant mutants . Administration of the optimized β-Lapachone-poloxamer-cyclodextrin ternary system induces apoptosis , DNA damage and reduces tumor growth in a human breast adenocarcinoma xenograft mouse model . OBJECTIVES : The aim of this study was to determine whether cocaine's sympathomimetic actions can be reversed by a potent centrally acting alpha2 adrenergic receptor ( AR ) agonist ( dexmedetomidine ) . 
BACKGROUND : We recently showed that cocaine stimulates the human cardiovascular system primarily by acting in the brain to increase sympathetic nerve activity ( SNA ) , the neural stimulus to norepinephrine release . 
Thus , SNA constitutes a putative new drug target to block cocaine's adverse cardiovascular effects at their origin . 
METHODS : In 22 healthy cocaine-naive humans , we measured skin SNA ( microneurography ) and skin blood flow ( laser Doppler velocimetry ) as well as heart rate and blood pressure before and after intranasal cocaine ( 2 mg / kg ) alone and in combination with dexmedetomidine or saline . 
RESULTS : During intranasal cocaine alone , SNA increased by 2-fold and skin vascular resistance increased from 13 . 2 + / - 2 . 3 to 20 . 1 + / - 2 . 2 resistance units while mean arterial pressure increased by 14 + / - 3 mm Hg and heart rate by 18 + / - 3 beats / min ( p < 0 . 01 ) . 
Dexmedetomidine abolished these increases , whereas intravenous saline was without effect . 
Dexmedetomidine was effective in blocking these sympathomimetic actions of cocaine even in all 7 subjects who were homozygous for the Del322-325 polymorphism in the alpha2C AR , a loss-of-function mutation that is highly enriched in blacks . 
CONCLUSIONS : The data advance the novel hypothesis that central sympatholysis with dexmedetomidine constitutes a highly effective countermeasure for cocaine's sympathomimetic actions on the human cardiovascular system , even in individuals carrying the alpha2CDel322-325 polymorphism . 
( Study to Improve Scientific Understanding of the Cardiovascular Actions of Cocaine; http : / / clinicaltrials . 
gov / ct / show / NCT00338546?order = 1; NCT00338546 ) . There is increasing evidence that pregnancy alters the function of drug-metabolizing enzymes and drug transporters in a gestational-stage and tissue-specific manner . 
In vivo probe studies have shown that the activity of several hepatic cytochrome P450 enzymes , such as CYP2D6 and CYP3A4 , is increased during pregnancy , whereas the activity of others , such as CYP1A2 , is decreased . 
The activity of some renal transporters , including organic cation transporter and P-glycoprotein , also appears to be increased during pregnancy . 
Although much has been learned , significant gaps still exist in our understanding of the spectrum of drug metabolism and transport genes affected , gestational age-dependent changes in the activity of encoded drug metabolizing and transporting processes , and the mechanisms of pregnancy-induced alterations . 
In this issue of Drug Metabolism and Disposition , a series of articles is presented that address the predictability , mechanisms , and magnitude of changes in drug metabolism and transport processes during pregnancy . 
The articles highlight state-of-the-art approaches to studying mechanisms of changes in drug disposition during pregnancy , and illustrate the use and integration of data from in vitro models , animal studies , and human clinical studies . 
The findings presented show the complex inter-relationships between multiple regulators of drug metabolism and transport genes , such as estrogens , progesterone , and growth hormone , and their effects on enzyme and transporter expression in different tissues . 
The studies provide the impetus for a mechanism- and evidence-based approach to optimally managing drug therapies during pregnancy and improving treatment outcomes . Non-targeted metabolomic approach reveals urinary metabolites linked to steroid biosynthesis pathway after ingestion of citrus juice . A4 glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase ( GAPDH ) was purified from the green alga Chlamydomonas reinhardtii and was also overexpressed in Escherichia coli . 
Both purified A4 tetramers of recombinant and native GAPDH were characterized for the first time . 
The pH optimum for both native and recombinant enzymes was close to 7 . 8 . 
The pKs of the residues involved in catalysis indicate that a cysteine and a histidine may take part in catalysis by chloroplast GAPDH , as is the case for glycolytic GAPDH . 
Native and recombinant GAPDH show Michaelis-Menten kinetics with respect to their cofactors , NADH and NADPH , with greater specificity for NADPH . 
The kinetic parameters are similar to those of the heterotetrameric A2B2 spinach chloroplast GAPDH . 
Native C . 
reinhardtii and recombinant GAPDHs exhibit a cooperative behavior towards the substrate 1 , 3-bisphosphoglycerate ( BPGA ) . 
This positive cooperativity is specific to the C . 
reinhardtii enzyme , as higher plant A2B2 GAPDHs show Michaelis-Menten kinetics . 
Native GAPDH has twofold lower catalytic constant and K0 . 5 for BPGA than recombinant GAPDH . 
Mass spectrometry analysis of native GAPDH shows that it is a complex of GAPDH and the small protein CP12 . 
In vitro reconstitution assays indicate that the kinetic differences are the result conformation changes of GAPDH upon association with CP12 . Bone mineral density ( BMD ) declines significantly in HIV patients on antiretroviral therapy ( ART ) . 
We compared the effects of intermittent versus continuous ART on markers of bone turnover in the Body Composition substudy of the Strategies for Management of AntiRetroviral Therapy ( SMART ) trial and determined whether early changes in markers predicted subsequent change in BMD . 
For 202 participants ( median age 44 years , 17% female , 74% on ART ) randomised to continuous or intermittent ART , plasma markers of inflammation and bone turnover were evaluated at baseline , months 4 and 12; BMD at the spine ( dual X-ray absorptiometry [ DXA ] and computed tomography ) and hip ( DXA ) was evaluated annually . 
Compared to the continuous ART group , mean bone-specific alkaline phosphatase ( bALP ) , osteocalcin , procollagen type 1 N-terminal propeptide ( P1NP ) , N-terminal cross-linking telopeptide of type 1 collagen ( NTX ) , and C-terminal cross-linking telopeptide of type 1 collagen ( βCTX ) decreased significantly in the intermittent ART group , whereas RANKL and the RANKL : osteoprotegerin ( OPG ) ratio increased ( all p<0 . 002 at month 4 and month 12 ) . 
Increases in bALP , osteocalcin , P1NP , NTX , and βCTX at month 4 predicted decrease in hip BMD at month 12 , while increases in RANKL and the RANKL : OPG ratio at month 4 predicted increase in hip and spine BMD at month 12 . 
This study has shown that compared with continuous ART , interruption of ART results in a reduction in markers of bone turnover and increase in BMD at hip and spine , and that early changes in markers of bone turnover predict BMD changes at 12 months . 
© 2013 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research . The expression of the activated mitogen-activated kinases / extracellular signal-regulated kinases ( ERKs ) ERK1 and ERK2 was characterized in 101 humanhead and neck squamous carcinoma specimens . 
Activated ERK1 / 2were detected at different levels in the majority of these tumors , as assayed by immunostaining with an antibody specific for the dually phosphorylated and activated ERK1 and ERK2 . 
ERK1 / 2 activation levels were higher in tumors with advanced regional lymph node metastasis ( P = 0 . 048 ) and in relapsed tumors ( P = 0 . 021 ) . 
The expression of epidermal growth factor ( EGF ) receptor ( P = 0 . 037 ) , transforming growth factor alpha ( TGF-alpha; P < 0 . 001 ) , and HER2 ( P = 0 . 066; positive trend ) correlated with activation of ERK1 / 2 . 
In a multivariate analysis , both TGF-alpha ( P < 0 . 0001 ) and HER2 ( P = 0 . 045 ) were independently correlated with ERK1 / 2 activation . 
In turn , activation of ERK1 / 2 was associated with a higher Ki-67 proliferative index ( P = 0 . 002 ) . 
In EGF receptor-dependent model cells ( A431 and DiFi ) , a specific EGF receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor ( "Iressa"; ZD1839 ) and a chimeric anti-EGF receptor antibody ( "Cetuximab"; C225 ) inhibited ERK 1 / 2 activation at concentrations that inhibited autocrine cell proliferation . 
In patients on treatment with C225 , the activation of ERK1 / 2 in skin , an EGF receptor-dependent tissue , was lower compared with control skin . 
Parallel changes were seen in keratinocyte Ki67 proliferation indexes in skin from C225-treated patients . 
Taken together , these studies provide support for a role of activation of ERK1 / 2 in head and neck squamous carcinoma and a correlation with EGF receptor / TGF-alpha expression . 
The inhibition of ERK1 / 2 activation in vitro and in vivo by compounds targeting the EGF receptor points to the interest of ERK1 / 2 as potential surrogate markers of EGF-receptor signaling in clinical therapeutic studies . A novel method for the manufacture of protein / peptide-containing submicron particles was developed in an attempt to provide particles with increased activity while using high energy input technologies . 
The method consists of antisolvent co-precipitation from an aqueous solution containing both an amino acid core material ( e . 
g . 
D , L-valine ) , and either bovine serum albumin ( BSA ) or lysozyme ( Lys ) as model proteins . 
The aqueous solution was added to the organic phase by means of a nebulizer to increase the total surface area of interaction for the precipitation process . 
Sonication proved to be an effective method to produce small particle sizes while maintaining high activity of Lys . 
The use of a polysorbate or sorbitan ester derivatives as stabilizers proved to be necessary to yield submicron particles . 
Particles with very high yields ( approximately 100% ) and very high activity after manufacture ( approximately 100% ) could be obtained . 
A particle size of 439 . 0 nm , with a yield of 48 . 8% and with final remaining activity of98 . 7% was obtained . 
By studying various factors using a design of experiments strategy ( DoE ) we were able to establish the critical controlling factors for this new method of manufacture . INTRODUCTION : The principal aim of this study was to assess the efficacy of quinidine in suppressing IKr in vitro and in modulating the rate dependence of the QT interval in the "SQT1" form of the short QT syndrome . 
METHODS AND RESULTS : Graded-intensity bicycle exercise testing was performed off drug in three patients and during oral quinidine in two patients with short QT syndrome and compared to a control group of healthy normal subjects . 
The in vitro effects of quinidine on currents in patch clamp technique were investigated . 
Off drugs QTpV3 / heart rate correlation is much weaker in patients with short QT syndrome , and QTpV3 shortens less with heart rate increase compared to normal subjects . 
In addition to prolonging the QT interval into the normal range , quinidine restored the heart rate dependence of the QT interval toward a range of adaptation reported for normal subjects . 
Data from heterologous expression of wild-type and mutant HERG genes indicate the mutation causes a 20-fold increase in IC50 of d-sotalol but only a 5 . 8-fold increase in IC50 of quinidine . 
CONCLUSION : Oral quinidine is effective in suppressing the gain of function in IKr responsible for some cases of short QT syndrome with a mutation in HERG and thus restoring normal rate dependence of the QT interval and rendering ventricular tachycardia / ventricular fibrillation noninducible . The present study was initiated to evaluate the safety and efficacy of Haemate-P ( Humate-P in North America ) ( anti-hemophilic FVIII / VWF complex [ human ] dried , pasteurized ) dosed in ristocetin cofactor units ( VWF : RCo ) in the treatment of von Willebrand disease ( VWD ) patients in Canada . 
This retrospective data collection reviewed the medical records of VWD patients treated under the Canadian Emergency Drug Release Program from November 22 , 1991 , to April 30 , 1996 . 
Data collection was accomplished by on-site retrieval from source data for 97 patients . 
Dosing was based on the German package insert , which lists only Factor VIII : C ( FVIII : C ) units , which were converted in the study analysis to VWF : RCo units based on the analysis of the individual manufactured lots of product used in these patients ( average ratio of 2 . 6 IU VWF : RCo per IU FVIII : C ) . 
Twenty five different lots of Haemate-P / Humate-P were used to treat 437 different events in the 97 study patients ( 344 hemorrhagic events , 73 surgical interventions and 20 prophylactic infusion cycles ) . 
Overall , the median dose of concentrate per infusion used to treat surgical events was 69 . 1 IU VWF : RCo / kg ( range 11 . 9-222 . 8 ) ; bleeding events 55 . 3 IU VWF : RCo / kg ( range 17 . 1-227 . 5 ) and prophylaxis 41 . 6 IU VWF : RCo / kg ( range 34 . 6-81 . 0 ) . 
Treatment periods varied , with the majority of events treated for < or = 10 days ( 91% ) . 
Fifty percent of events that were treated longer than 10 days were given for prophylactic reasons . 
Efficacy was determined in a standardized manner by the physician , based on dosing in VWF : RCo activity . 
An overall clinical result of "excellent" or "good" was reported in 97% ( 424 / 437 ) of treatment events . 
A pediatric sub-population analysis of the patient population reported "excellent / good" efficacy in 100% ( 17 / 17 ) of treatment events in infants , 95% ( 155 / 164 ) in children , and 94% ( 76 / 81 ) in adolescent patients . 
Related adverse events ( AEs ) were observed in only 4 ( 4% ) patients and were not deemed to be serious . 
The findings in this study confirm the safety and efficacy of Haemate-P / Humate-P using VWF : RCo dosing in pediatric and adult patients with various types of VWD . To characterize neonatal mesenteric alpha-adrenoceptor populations , an extracorporeal perfusion circuit was established to control intestinal blood flow in prematurely delivered ( by cesarean section at 90% of gestational age ) piglets . 
Activation of alpha 1-adrenoceptors was documented by observing dose-dependent increases in mesenteric perfusion pressure after intramesenteric arterial injection of methoxamine; alpha 2-adrenoceptor activity was confirmed by finding similar increases in mesenteric perfusion pressure after intramesenteric arterial injections of BHT 933 . 
Peripheral intravenous injections of WB 4101 ( a competitive alpha 1A-adrenoceptor antagonist ) , but not clorethylclonidine ( CEC , an alpha 1B-adrenoceptor antagonist ) , significantly blunted ( P < . 05 , ANOVA ) the mesenteric vasoconstrictor responses to methoxamine . 
The mesenteric vasoconstrictor response to BHT 933 ( an alpha 2-adrenoceptor agonist ) also was blunted by WB 4101 , but not by CEC . 
These data suggest that alpha 1A- and alpha 2-adrenoceptors can be activated in the small intestinal mesentery of piglets well before they reach full-term maturation , although receptor specificity has not been fully established . Hydroxyzine , a first generation H ( 1 ) -receptor antagonist , inhibits human ether-a-go-go-related gene ( HERG ) current and causes syncope in a patient with the HERG mutation . Mending leaky blood vessels : the angiopoietin-Tie2 pathway in sepsis . Dietary soy protein isolate ( SPI ) reduces hepatic lipogenesis by suppressing gene expression of lipogenic enzymes , including acetyl-CoA carboxylase ( ACC ) . 
In order to elucidate the mechanism of this regulation , the effect of dietary SPI on promoter ( PI and PII ) specific gene expression of ACC alpha was investigated . 
Rats were fed experimental diets containing SPI or casein as a nitrogen source . 
SPI feeding decreased the hepatic contents of total ACC mRNA as well as triglyceride ( TG ) content , but dietary SPI affected the amount of sterol-regulatory element binding protein ( SREBP ) -1 mRNA and protein very little . 
The amount of ACC mRNA transcribed from PII promoter containing SRE was not significantly affected by dietary protein , while a significant decrease in PI-generated ACC mRNA content was observed in rats fed the SPI diet . 
These data suggest that SPI feeding decreased the hepatic contents of ACC alpha mRNA mainly by regulating PI promoter via a nuclear factor ( s ) other than SREBP-1 . It has recently been shown that high-fat diets induce the expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor ( PPAR ) with a concomitant decrease in expression of retinoic acid ( RAR ) and triiodothyronine ( TR ) receptors in rat liver . 
The authors have suggested that PPAR activation may be responsible for these modifications in nuclear receptor expression . 
With the aim of gaining further insight into a possible relationship between the patterns of expression of these receptors , we have examined , using a pharmacological model , the effect of a strong and specific PPAR activation induced by bezafibrate , a peroxisome proliferator agent . 
Activation of PPAR was evaluated by quantifying PPAR alpha mRNA and acyl-CoA oxidase mRNA . 
The expression of RAR and TR was determined by assaying the binding properties of these nuclear receptors and by quantifying the mRNA level of RAR beta and TR alpha1 , beta1 isoforms . 
After a 10 day treatment of young rats , induction of PPAR ( PPAR alpha mRNA was increased by 40% [ P< 0 . 05 and acyl-CoA oxidase mRNA by 411% [ P<0 . 001 ] ) and a concomitant decrease of RAR and TR expression ( Maximal Binding Capacity was decreased by 21 and 26% , respectively [ P<0 . 05 ] ) in the liver was observed . 
RXR alpha mRNA expression was unchanged by treatment . 
Cross-talk between RAR , TR and PPAR signalling pathways may be implicated in the new patterns of nuclear receptor expression observed . 
The decreased expression of RAR and TR reported here could provide a novel element for the understanding of the link between PPAR and tumorigenesis in rat liver . The 90-kDa heat shock protein ( Hsp90 ) is the most abundant molecular chaperone of eukaryotic cells . 
Its chaperone function in folding nascent proteins seems to be restricted to a subset of proteins including major components of signal transduction pathways ( eg , nuclear hormone receptors , transcription factors , and protein kinases ) . 
Improper function of these proteins can be induced by selective disruption of their complexes with Hsp90 using the benzoquinonoid ansamycin geldanamycin . 
In this study , we demonstrate that geldanamycin treatment blocks interleukin ( IL ) -2 secretion , IL-2 receptor expression , and proliferation of stimulated T-lymphocytes . 
Moreover , geldanamycin decreases the amount and phosphorylation of Lck and Raf-1 kinases and prevents activation of the extracellular signal regulated kinase ( ERK ) -2 kinase . 
Geldanamycin also disrupts the T-cell receptor-mediated activation of nuclear factor of activated T-cells ( NF-AT ) . 
Treatment with geldanamycin , however , does not affect the activation of lysophosphatide acyltransferase , which is a plasma membrane enzyme coupled to the T-cell receptor after T-cell stimulation . 
Through demonstrating the selective inhibition of kinase-related T-lymphocyte responses by geldanamycin , our results emphasize the substantial role of Hsp90-kinase complexes in T-cell activation . Atherosclerosis is a chronic inflammatory disease that remains the leading cause of death in the United States . 
Numerous risk factors for endothelial cell inflammation and the development of atherosclerosis have been identified , including inhalation of ultrafine particles . 
Recently , engineered nanoparticles ( NPs ) such as titanium ( TiO2 ) NPs have attracted much attention due to their wide range of applications . 
However , there are also great concerns surrounding potential adverse health effects in vascular systems . 
Although TiO2 NPs are known to induce oxidative stress and inflammation , the associated signaling pathways have not been well studied . 
The focus of this work , therefore , deals with examination of the cellular signaling pathways responsible for TiO2 NP-induced endothelial oxidative stress and inflammation . 
In this study , primary vascular endothelial cells were treated with TiO2 NPs for 2-16h at concentrations of 0-50μg / mL . 
TiO2 NP exposure increased cellular oxidative stress and DNA binding of NF-κB . 
Further , phosphorylation of Akt , ERK , JNK and p38 was increased in cells exposed to TiO2 NPs . 
TiO2 NPs also significantly increased induction of mRNA and protein levels of vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 ( VCAM-1 ) and mRNA levels of monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 ( MCP-1 ) . 
Pretreatment with inhibitors for NF-κB ( pyrrolidine dithiocarbamate ) , oxidative stress ( epigallocatechin gallate and apocynin ) , Akt ( LY294002 ) , ERK ( PD98059 ) , JNK ( SP600125 ) and p38 ( SB203580 ) significantly attenuated TiO2 NP-induced MCP-1 and VCAM-1 gene expression . 
These data indicate that TiO2 NPs can induce endothelial inflammatory responses via redox-sensitive cellular signaling pathways . Pulsatilla koreana has been used as a traditional medicine for the treatment of several diseases . 
The purpose of this study was to determine if SB365 , Pulsatilla saponin D isolated from the root of P . 
koreana inhibits the progression of colon cancer . 
We found that SB365 strongly suppressed the growth and proliferation of colon cancer cells and induced their apoptosis . 
Also , SB365 showed anti-angiogenic activity by decreasing the expression of HIF-1α and VEGF . 
These results were confirmed by an in vivo study showing that SB365 significantly inhibited tumor growth by the induction of apoptosis and inhibition of angiogenesis with stronger anticancer activity than 5-FU . 
When further examined for its anticancer mechanism , SB365 effectively suppressed the AKT / mTOR pathway both in vitro and in vivo . 
Taken together , our study demonstrated that SB365 inhibits the AKT / mTOR pathway , leading to the suppression of tumor growth and angiogenesis together with induction of apoptosis . 
Therefore , SB365 is a good candidate as a natural product for use in the treatment of colon cancer . A dihydrochalcone and several homoisoflavonoids from Polygonatum odoratum are activators of adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase . Inhibition of D-amino acid oxidase ( DAAO ) activity is a potential target for the treatment of chronic pain . 
Here we characterized the effects of systemic administration of the DAAO inhibitor 4H-furo [ 3 , 2-b ] pyrrole-5-carboxylic acid ( SUN ) in rat models of neuropathic and inflammatory pain . 
Oral administration of SUN dose-dependently attenuated tactile allodynia induced by ligation of the L5 spinal nerve ( SNL ) , and similarly reversed thermal hyperalgesia produced by chronic constriction injury ( CCI ) . 
In addition , SUN was efficacious against Complete Freund's Adjuvant ( CFA ) -induced thermal hyperalgesia . 
In these models , maximal reversal of pain-related behaviors corresponded with maximum rates-of-increase in brain and plasma D-serine concentrations , indicative of full inhibition of DAAO activity . 
To investigate the possible site ( s ) of action , we recorded spontaneous nerve activity and mechanically-evoked responses of central spinal cord dorsal horn neurons and compared these to spontaneous activity of peripheral dorsal root filaments in anesthetized SNL model animals . 
Oral SUN reduced spontaneous activity in both central and peripheral recordings at doses and pretreatment times that corresponded to reduced mechanical allodynia in behavioral experiments . 
Following i . 
v . 
administration of SUN , the onset of action for this central effect was rapid ( maximal effects within 30 minutes ) , but was abolished by severing afferent inputs to the dorsal horn . 
Overall , these results indicate that inhibition of DAAO in peripheral afferent-spinal circuits reduced spontaneous neuronal activity to attenuate pain-related behaviors in rat models of neuropathic and inflammatory pain . Complexities of androgen action . Hemodynamic effects of bosentan in patients with chronic heart failure . Dihydronicotinamide riboside ( NRH ) : quinone oxidoreductase 2 ( NQO2 ) is a flavoenzyme that catalyzes the reductive metabolism of quinones . 
To examine the in vivo role of NQO2 , NQO2-null ( NQO2- / - ) mice were generated using targeted gene disruption . 
Mice lacking NQO2 gene expression showed no detectable developmental abnormalities and were indistinguishable from wild-type ( NQO2 + / + ) mice . 
However , NQO2-null mice exhibited myeloid hyperplasia of the bone marrow and increased neutrophils , basophils , eosinophils , and platelets in the peripheral blood . 
Decreased apoptosis of bone marrow cells and circulating granulocytes contributed to myeloid hyperplasia and hyperactivity of bone marrow in NQO2-null mice . 
The hematological changes in NQO2- / - mice were specifically associated with loss of the NQO2 gene because histological analysis of various tissues including spleen , thymus , blood cultures , and urine analysis demonstrated no sign of infection . 
NQO2-null mice also demonstrated decreased toxicity when exposed to menadione or menadione with NRH . 
These results establish a role for NQO2 in protection against myelogenous hyperplasia and in metabolic activation of menadione , leading to hepatic toxicity . 
The NQO2-null mice are a model for NQO2 deficiency in humans and can be used to determine the role of this enzyme in sensitivities to toxicity and carcinogenesis . In mammals , methionine adenosyltransferase ( MAT ) , the enzyme responsible for S-adenosylmethionine ( AdoMet ) synthesis , is encoded by two genes , MAT1A and MAT2A . 
In liver , MAT1A expression is associated with high AdoMet levels and a differentiated phenotype , whereas MAT2A expression is associated with lower AdoMet levels and a dedifferentiated phenotype . 
In the current study , we examined regulation of MAT2A gene expression by l-methionine availability using HepG2 cells . 
In l-methionine-deficient cells , MAT2A gene expression is rapidly induced , and methionine adenosyltransferase activity is increased . 
Restoration of l-methionine rapidly down-regulates MAT2A mRNA levels; for this effect , l-methionine needs to be converted into AdoMet . 
This novel action of AdoMet is not mediated through a methyl transfer reaction . 
MAT2A gene expression was also regulated by 5'-methylthioadenosine , but this was dependent on 5'-methylthioadenosine conversion to methionine through the salvage pathway . 
The transcription rate of the MAT2A gene remained unchanged during l-methionine starvation; however , its mRNA half-life was significantly increased ( from 100 min to more than 3 h ) . 
The effect of l-methionine withdrawal on MAT2A mRNA stabilization requires both gene transcription and protein synthesis . 
We conclude that MAT2A gene expression is modulated as an adaptive response of the cell to l-methionine availability through its conversion to AdoMet . Altered trace mineral milieu might play an aetiological role in the pathogenesis of polycystic ovary syndrome . While manganese ( Mn ) is essential for proper central nervous system ( CNS ) development , excessive Mn exposure may lead to neurotoxicity . 
Mn preferentially accumulates in the basal ganglia , and in adults it may cause Parkinson's disease-like disorder . 
Compared to adults , younger individuals accumulate greater Mn levels in the CNS and are more vulnerable to its toxicity . 
Moreover , the mechanisms mediating developmental Mn-induced neurotoxicity are not completely understood . 
The present study investigated the developmental neurotoxicity elicited by Mn exposure ( 5 , 10 and 20 mg / kg; i . 
p . 
) from postnatal day 8 to PN27 in rats . 
Neurochemical analyses were carried out on PN29 , with a particular focus on striatal alterations in intracellular signaling pathways ( MAPKs , Akt and DARPP-32 ) , oxidative stress generation and cell death . 
Motor alterations were evaluated later in life at 3 , 4 or 5 weeks of age . 
Mn exposure ( 20 mg / kg ) increased p38 ( MAPK ) and Akt phosphorylation , but decreased DARPP-32-Thr-34 phosphorylation . 
Mn ( 10 and 20 mg / kg ) increased caspase activity and F ( 2 ) -isoprostane production ( a biological marker of lipid peroxidation ) . 
Paralleling the changes in striatal biochemical parameters , Mn ( 20 mg / kg ) also caused motor impairment , evidenced by increased falling latency in the rotarod test , decreased distance traveled and motor speed in the open-field test . 
Notably , the antioxidant Trolox™ reversed the Mn ( 20 mg / kg ) -dependent augmentation in p38 ( MAPK ) phosphorylation and reduced the Mn ( 20 mg / kg ) -induced caspase activity and F ( 2 ) -isoprostane production . 
Trolox™ also reversed the Mn-induced motor coordination deficits . 
These findings are the first to show that long-term exposure to Mn during a critical period of neurodevelopment causes motor coordination dysfunction with parallel increment in oxidative stress markers , p38 ( MAPK ) phosphorylation and caspase activity in the striatum . 
Moreover , we establish Trolox™ as a potential neuroprotective agent given its efficacy in reversing the Mn-induced neurodevelopmental effects . Some new 1 , 3 , 5-substituted-2 , 3-dihydro-2-imino-benzimidazoles were synthesized under solid-liquid phase transfer catalysis conditions using 5-substituted-2-aminobenzimidazoles as precursors in order to assess their cytotoxicity respectively proliferative activity . 
The structures of the compounds were confirmed by IR , ( 1 ) H NMR , ( 13 ) C NMR and elemental analysis . 
Compounds 9-10 , 12 and 16-17 were evaluated for their cytotoxical effect on four cancer cell lines : HT-29 , breast cancer cells MDA-MB-231 , HeLa , HepG2 and as well as human diploid cell line Lep-3 . 
Significant cytotoxicity of hydrazone 16 against MDA-MB-231 was established by biologically study , the IC50 was 6 . 2 nM while the EC50 value to Lep 3 is 0 . 21 nM . 
Relative high antiproliferative effects of the acetate 12 and compound 16 against HT-29 were ascertained and the calculated IC50 values were IC50 - 0 . 85 nM and IC50 - 2 . 83 nM respectively . 
Cytotoxic activity against HeLa and HepG2 cells was demonstrated by hydrazone 17 , IC50 was 7 . 2 nM and 117 nM respectively . 
All tested compounds revealed proliferative activities to human diploid cell line Lep-3 . 
The EC50 values were in the range from 0 . 05 to 16 . 91 nM . 
The obtained results prove the selective cytotoxicity of the tested compounds and are promising for further evaluation of the investigated compounds in vivo experiments using experimentally induced tumors in laboratory animals . Serotonin ( 5-HT ) modulates the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal ( HPA ) axis response to stress . 
We examined the effect of chronic restraint stress ( CRS; 20 min / day ) as compared to control ( CTRL ) conditions for 14 days , on : 1 ) restraint-induced ACTH and corticosterone ( CORT ) secretion in rats pretreated with vehicle or SB-656104 ( a 5-HT7 receptor antagonist ) ; 2 ) 5-HT7 receptor-like immunoreactivity ( 5-HT7-LI ) and protein in the hypothalamic paraventricular nucleus ( PVN ) and adrenal glands ( AG ) ; 3 ) baseline levels of 5-HT and 5-hydroxyindolacetic acid ( 5-HIAA ) , and 5-HIAA / 5-HT ratio in PVN and AG; and 4 ) 5-HT-like immunoreactivity ( 5-HT-LI ) in AG and tryptophan hydroxylase ( TPH ) protein in PVN and AG . 
On day 15 , animals were subdivided into Treatment and No treatment groups . 
Treatment animals received an i . 
p . 
injection of vehicle or SB-656104; No Treatment animals received no injection . 
Sixty min later , Treatment animals were either decapitated with no further stress ( 0 min ) or submitted to acute restraint ( 10 , 30 , 60 or 120 min ) ; hormone serum levels were measured . 
No Treatment animals were employed for the rest of measurements . 
CRS decreased body weight gain and increased adrenal weight . 
In CTRL animals , acute restraint increased ACTH and CORT secretion in a time of restraint-dependent manner; both responses were inhibited by SB-656104 . 
Exposure to CRS abolished ACTH but magnified CORT responses to restraint as compared to CTRL conditions; SB-656104 had no effect on ACTH levels but significantly inhibited sensitized CORT responses . 
In CTRL animals , 5-HT7-LI was detected in magnocellular and parvocellular subdivisions of PVN and sparsely in adrenal cortex . 
Exposure to CRS decreased 5-HT7-LI and protein in the PVN , but increased 5-HT7-LI in the adrenal cortex and protein in whole AG . 
Higher 5-HT and 5-HIAA levels were detected in PVN and AG from CRS animals but 5-HIAA / 5-HT ratio increased in AG only . 
Finally , whereas 5-HT-LI was sparsely observed in the adrenal cortex of CTRL animals , it strongly increased in the adrenal cortex of CRS animals . 
No TPH protein was detected in AG from both animal groups . 
Results suggest that CRS promotes endocrine disruption involving decreased ACTH and sensitized CORT responses to acute restraint . 
This phenomenon may be associated with increased function and expression of 5-HT7 receptors as well as 5-HT turnover in AG . The glutamine / amino acid transporter was solubilized from rat renal apical plasma membrane ( brush-border membrane ) with C12E8 and reconstituted into liposomes by removing the detergent from mixed micelles by hydrophobic chromatography on Amberlite XAD-4 . 
The reconstitution was optimised with respect to the protein concentration , the detergent / phospholipid ratio and the number of passages through a single Amberlite column . 
The reconstituted glutamine / amino acid transporter catalysed a first-order antiport reaction stimulated by external , not internal , Na + . 
Optimal activity was found at pH 7 . 0 . 
The sulfhydryl reagents HgCl2 , mersalyl and p-hydroxymercuribenzoate and the amino acids alanine , serine , threonine , cysteine , asparagine , methionine and valine strongly inhibited the transport , whereas the amino acid analogue methylaminoisobutyrate had no effect . 
Glutamine , alanine , serine , asparagine , threonine were efficiently translocated from outside to inside and from inside to outside the proteoliposomes as well . 
Cysteine and valine were translocated preferentially from outside to inside . 
The Km for glutamine on the external and internal side of the transporter was 0 . 47 and 11 mM , respectively; the values were not influenced by the type of the counter substrate . 
The transporter is functionally asymmetrical and it is unidirectionally inserted into the proteoliposomal membrane with an orientation corresponding to that of the native membrane . 
By a bisubstrate kinetic analysis of the glutamine antiport , a random simultaneous mechanism was found . 
The glutamine antiport was strongly stimulated by internal nucleoside triphosphates and , to a lower extent , by pyrophoshate . 
The reconstituted glutamine / amino acid transporter functionally corresponds to the ASCT2 protein . Hepatoprotective effects of Gentiana asclepiadea L . 
extracts against carbon tetrachloride induced liver injury in rats . High-affinity GABA uptake and GABA-metabolizing enzymes in pig forebrain white matter : a quantitative study . Purification and multimeric structure of bovine N-acetylglucosamine-1-phosphodiester alpha-N-acetylglucosaminidase . BACKGROUND : Polymorphisms in FcgammaRIIa and FcgammaRIIIa receptors are associated with responses to the CD20-directed immunoglobulin G1 ( IgG1 ) monoclonal antibody rituximab among patients with indolent lymphoma . 
At odds with the aforementioned clinical observations has been the finding that IgG1 binding is impacted by polymorphisms in FcgammaRIIIa but not FcgammaRIIa . 
One possibility for this discrepancy might involve linkage of polymorphisms between FcgammaRIIa and FcgammaRIIIa . 
MATERIALS AND METHODS : As such , we performed allelespecific polymerase chain reaction and directed sequencing of the genomic DNA coding region of FcgammaRIIA and FcgammaRIIIA for 52 healthy individuals . 
RESULTS : Two common polymorphisms were observed for FcgammaRIIA ( at positions 27 and 131 ) and FcgammaRIIIA ( at positions 48 and 158 ) . 
Importantly , we observed linkage among polymorphisms within and between FcgammaRIIa and FcgammaRIIIa , including the expression of histidine at FcgammaRIIa-131 and valine at FcgammaRIIIa , both of which are associated with enhanced responses to rituximab . 
The results of these studies demonstrate that there is wide linkage within and between polymorphisms in FcgammaRIIa and FcgammaRIIIa and might provide an explanation for why polymorphisms at FcgammaRIIa are associated with rituximab responses despite a lack of impact on IgG1 binding . 
CONCLUSION : Knowledge of such linkages could facilitate the development of diagnostic tests aimed at identifying patients who might be more suitable for treatment with rituximab and possibly other therapeutic antibodies . RATIONALE : Prepulse inhibition ( PPI ) is an operational measure of sensorimotor gating that is deficient in schizophrenia patients . 
In rats , PPI deficits induced by dopamine ( DA ) agonists are reversed by antipsychotics . 
Inhibition of the striatum-rich phosphodiesterase ( PDE ) 10A may represent a novel antipsychotic mechanism . 
Previous studies were controversial , showing antipsychotic-like profiles in measures of PPI for the preferential PDE10A inhibitor papaverine ( PAP ) but not the novel PDE10A inhibitor TP-10 . 
OBJECTIVE : The aim of the study was to evaluate the antipsychotic profile of PAP in rats using PPI . 
MATERIALS AND METHODS : PPI deficits were induced in rats by apomorphine ( APO; 0 . 1 , 0 . 5 mg / kg ) or D : -amphetamine ( AMPH; 4 mg / kg ) . 
PAP ( 3 , 10 , 30 mg / kg ) or haloperidol ( HAL; 0 . 1 mg / kg ) was tested against these agonists in Sprague-Dawley ( SD ) or Wistar ( WI ) rats . 
Prepulse intervals ranged from 10 to 120 ms . 
Further tests evaluated the effects of PAP on spontaneous locomotion , AMPH ( 1 mg / kg ) -induced hyperlocomotion , and core body temperature ( T degrees ) . 
RESULTS : HAL reversed APO-induced PPI deficits but PAP failed to reverse APO- and AMPH-induced PPI deficits at all doses , strains , pretreatment times , and prepulse intervals . 
PAP ( 30 mg / kg ) significantly reduced AMPH hyperlocomotion in SD rats , and a similar pattern was detected in WI rats . 
This PAP dose also strongly reduced spontaneous locomotion and T degrees in SD rats . 
CONCLUSION : Our study does not support an antipsychotic-like profile of PAP in dopaminergic PPI models . Six new sesquiterpenoids , aristoyunnolins A-F ( 1-6 ) , an artifact of isolation [ 7-O-ethyl madolin W ( 7 ) ] , and 12 known analogues were isolated from stems of Aristolochia yunnanensis . 
The structures were determined by combined chemical and spectral methods , and the absolute configurations of compounds 2 , 3 , 5-7 , 9 , 14 , and 17 were determined by the modified Mosher's method and CD analysis . 
Compounds 1-19 were screened using a bioassay system designed to evaluate the effect on mitogen-activated protein kinases ( MAPKs ) signaling pathways . 
Among three MAPKs ( ERK1 / 2 , JNK , and p38 ) , compounds 1 , 4 , 10-13 , 16 , 18 , and 19 exhibited selective inhibition of the phosphorylation of ERK1 / 2 . 
Compounds 16 and 19 were more active than the positive control PD98059 , a known inhibitor of the ERK1 / 2 signaling pathway . We studied the involvement of sensory neurons in skin sensitization to allergens using a mouse model in which the T-helper type 2 response is essential . 
Skin sensitization to fluorescein isothiocyanate ( FITC ) has been shown to be enhanced by several phthalate esters , including dibutyl phthalate ( DBP ) . 
For different types of phthalate esters , we found a correlation between the ability of transient receptor potential ( TRP ) A1 activation and that of enhancing skin sensitization . 
A TRPA1-specific antagonist , HC-030031 , was shown to suppress skin sensitization in the presence of DBP . 
However , since phthalate esters also activate TRPV1 , phthalate esters could activate other types of TRP channels non-selectively . 
Furthermore , sensitization to FITC is also enhanced by menthol , which activates TRPA1 and TRPM8 . 
Here we established an in vitro system for measuring TRPM8 activation . 
The selectivity for TRPM8 was established by the fact that two TRPM8 agonists ( menthol and icilin ) induced calcium mobilization , whereas agonists of TRPA1 and TRPV1 did not . 
We demonstrated that phthalate esters do not activate TRPM8 . 
TRPA1-antagonist HC-030031 did not inhibit TRPM8 activation induced by menthol or icilin . 
These results show that phthalate esters activate TRPA1 and TRPV1 with selectivity . 
TRPM8 activation is not likely to be involved in the sensitization to FITC . [ Acetylsalicylic acid resistance--clinical diagnosis with unclear mechanism ] . Enzyme-Catalyzed Synthesis of Aliphatic-Aromatic Oligoamides . Investigation of the toxicokinetics of petroleum hydrocarbon distillates with the earthworm Eisenia andrei . Combination therapy with mitiglinide and voglibose improves glycemic control in type 2 diabetic patients on hemodialysis . A dose-ranging study to evaluate the beta 1-adrenoceptor selectivity of bisoprolol . QT prolongation , a risk factor for arrhythmias , can result from genetic variants in one ( or more ) of the genes governing cardiac repolarization as well as intake of drugs known to affect a cardiac K ( + ) channel encoded by human ether-a-go-go-related gene ( HERG ) . 
In this paper , we will report a case of drug-induced long QT syndrome associated with an H ( 1 ) -receptor antagonist , hydroxyzine , in which a mutation was identified in the HERG gene . 
After taking 75 mg of hydroxyzine for several days , a 34-year-old female began to experience repetitive syncope . 
The deleterious effect of hydroxyzine was suspected because QTc interval shortened from 630 to 464 ms after cessation of the drug . 
Later on , the patient was found to harbor an A614V-HERG mutation . 
By using the patch-clamp technique in the heterologous expression system , we examined the functional outcome of the A614V mutation and confirmed a dominant-negative effect on HERG expression . 
Hydroxyzine concentration-dependently inhibited both wild-type ( WT ) and WT / A614V-HERG K ( + ) currents . 
Half-maximum block concentrations of WT and WT / A614V-HERG K ( + ) currents were 0 . 62 and 0 . 52 microM , respectively . 
Thus , accidental combination of genetic mutation and intake of hydroxyzine appeared to have led to a severe phenotype , probably , syncope due to torsade de pointes . BACKGROUND : The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of two imidazoline-derived intravenous anesthetics , etomidate and midazolam , on vascular adenosine triphosphate-sensitive potassium ( KATP ) channel activity . 
METHODS : In isolated rat aorta , isometric tension was recorded to examine the anesthetic effects on vasodilator response to levcromakalim , a selective KATP channel opener . 
Using the patch clamp method , the anesthetic effects were also examined on the currents through ( 1 ) native vascular KATP channels , ( 2 ) recombinant KATP channels with different combinations of various types of inwardly rectifying potassium channel ( Kir6 . 0 family : Kir6 . 1 , 6 . 2 ) and sulfonylurea receptor ( SUR1 , 2A , 2B ) subunits , ( 3 ) SUR-deficient channels derived from a truncated isoform of Kir6 . 2 subunit ( Kir6 . 2DeltaC36 channels ) , and ( 4 ) mutant Kir6 . 2DeltaC36 channels with reduced sensitivity to adenosine triphosphate ( Kir6 . 2DeltaC36-K185Q channels ) . 
RESULTS : Etomidate ( > or = 10 m ) , but not midazolam ( up to 10 m ) , inhibited the levcromakalim-induced vasodilation , which was sensitive to glibenclamide ( IC50 : 7 . 21 x 10 m; maximum inhibitory concentration : 1 . 22 x 10 m ) . 
Etomidate ( > or = 3 x 10 m ) , but not midazolam ( up to 10 m ) , inhibited the native KATP channel activity in both cell-attached and inside-out configurations with IC50 values of 1 . 68 x 10 m and 1 . 52 x 10 m , respectively . 
Etomidate ( 10 m ) also inhibited the activity of various types of recombinant SUR / Kir6 . 0KATP channels , Kir6 . 2DeltaC36 channels , and Kir6 . 2DeltaC36-K185Q channels with equivalent potency . 
CONCLUSIONS : Clinical concentrations of etomidate , but not midazolam , inhibit the KATP channel activity in vascular smooth muscle cells . 
The inhibition is presumably through its effects on the Kir6 . 0 subunit , but not on the SUR subunit , with the binding site different from adenosine triphosphate at the amino acid level . In postmenopausal women , adipositas represents a serious risk factor for cancer development and progression . 
White adipose tissue secretes the 16 kDa hormone leptin which plays a key role in the regulation of appetite and metabolism . 
An increasing number of reports indicate that leptin also interferes with signal transduction pathways implicated in the development of breast cancer . 
In our previous study , we identified the estrogen receptor alpha ( ERα ) as a relevant enhancer of leptin-induced signal transduction leading to transactivation of signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 ( Stat3 ) . 
The purpose of this study is the investigation of specific target gene expression in response to leptin-mediated Stat3 signaling . 
We performed a comprehensive microarray analysis of ERα-positive and ERα-negative MDA-MB-231 cells upon leptin treatment and identified 49 genes which showed a significant ERα-dependent regulation in leptin-treated MDA-MB-231 cells . 
There was no intersection with genes which were merely up- or downregulated by ERα expression and only 9 and 11 genes overlapping targets which were regulated by leptin stimulation either in ERα-expressing or ERα-negative MDA-MB-231 cells , respectively . 
To demonstrate the specificity , expression of three target genes was validated by quantitative real-time PCR . 
In conclusion , these data imply that leptin can induce a different set of target genes dependent on ERα expression , which might contribute to the development and progression of cancer diseases . Triethylenetetramine ( TETA; Syprine; Merck Rahway , NJ ) , a drug for Wilson's disease , is a copper chelator and a charge-deficient analog of polyamine spermidine . 
We recently showed that TETA is metabolized in vitro by polyamine catabolic enzyme spermidine / spermine-N ( 1 ) -acetyltransferase ( SSAT1 ) and by thialysine acetyltransferase ( SSAT2 ) to its monoacetylated derivative ( MAT ) . 
The acetylation of TETA is increased in SSAT1-overexpressing mice compared with wild-type mice . 
However , SSAT1-deficient mice metabolize TETA at the same rate as the wild-type mice , indicating the existence of another N-acetylase respons 2ible for its metabolism in mice . 
Here , we show that siRNA-mediated knockdown of SSAT2 in HEPG2 cells and in primary hepatocytes from the SSAT1-deficient or wild-type mice reduced the metabolism of TETA to MAT . 
By contrast , 1 , 12-diamino-3 , 6 , 9-triazadodecane ( SpmTrien ) , a charge-deficient spermine analog , was an extremely poor substrate of human recombinant SSAT2 and was metabolized by SSAT1 in HEPG2 cells and in wild-type primary hepatocytes . 
Thus , despite the similar structures of TETA and SpmTrien , SSAT2 is the main acetylator of TETA , whereas SpmTrien is primarily acetylated by SSAT1 . Recent Developments of p38α MAP Kinase Inhibitors as Antiinflammatory Agents Based on the Imidazole Scaffolds . Species-specific pharmacological properties of human alpha ( 2A ) -adrenoceptors . High-density lipoprotein receptors scavenger receptor class B type I [ HDLR-SR-B1 ( SR-B1 ) ] is a key player in reverse cholesterol transport and maintaining blood cholesterol . 
We demonstrated that human SR-B1 is transcriptionally activated by 17β-estradiol ( E2 ) in HEPG2 and JAR cells . 
SR-B1 promoter contains multiple estrogen response elements ( ERE half-sites ) along with some Sp1 binding sites . 
Knockdown of estrogen receptor ( ER ) α and ERβ down-regulated E2-induced SR-B1 expression . 
ERs were bound to SR-B1 promoter EREs in an E2-dependent manner . 
Along with ERs , mixed-lineage leukemia ( MLL ) histone methylases , especially MLL1 and MLL2 , play key roles in E2-mediated SR-B1 activation . 
MLL1 and MLL2 bind to SR-B1 promoter in an E2-dependent manner and control the assembly of transcription pre-initiation complex and RNA polymerase II ( RNAPII ) recruitment . 
ERs and MLLs play critical roles in determining the cholesterol uptake by steroidogenic tissues / cells , and their knockdown suppressed the E2-induced cholesterol uptake efficiencies of the cells . 
Intriguingly , MLL2 knockdown in mice resulted in a 33% increase in plasma cholesterol level and also reduced SR-B1 expression in mice liver , demonstrating its crucial functions in controlling plasma cholesterol in vivo . A series of permanently charged ammonium and sulfonium analogues of metoclopramide as well as a permanently uncharged sulfide analogue were synthesized and evaluated for their ability to inhibit apomorphine-induced responses on mouse striatal slices . 
Three of the four permanently charged analogues were found to inhibit apomorphine's effects , although at higher concentrations than either metoclopramide or its dimethyl analogue . 
In contrast , the sulfide analogue was inactive at concentrations up to 100 microM . 
These findings are consistent with earlier studies of chlorpromazine and sulpiride analogues and provide further evidence that dopamine antagonists bind in their charged molecular forms to anionic sites on the D2 receptor . 
Further , the results of this study in conjunction with those of our earlier sulpiride study would seem to indicate that differences in the biological profiles of metoclopramide , a type 1 benzamide useful as a gastric prokinetic agent , and sulpiride , a type 2 benzamide useful for its antipsychotic effects , are not due to any appreciable differences in the binding of the basic nitrogen atom of these molecules . Hypoxic-ischemic brain injury in the perinatal period is a major cause of morbidity and mortality . 
Presently , there are no proven effective therapies with which to safeguard the human neonatal brain against this type of injury . 
Minocycline , a semisynthetic tetracycline , has been shown to be neuroprotective in certain adult ischemic injury / stroke and neurodegenerative disease models . 
However , minocycline's neuroprotective effects have not been assessed after insults to the neonatal brain . 
We now report that minocycline administered either immediately before or immediately after a hypoxic-ischemic insult substantially blocks tissue damage in a rodent model of neonatal hypoxic-ischemic brain injury . 
Minocycline treatment prevents the formation of activated caspase-3 , a known effector of apoptosis , as well as the appearance of a calpain cleaved substrate , a marker of excitotoxic / necrotic cell death . 
To our knowledge , this is the first report of a systemic treatment that can be administered after a hypoxic-ischemic insult , which provides robust , nearly complete neuroprotection to the developing brain . 
Our data suggest that minocycline or a related neuroprotective tetracycline may be a candidate to consider in human clinical trials to protect the developing brain against hypoxic-ischemic-induced damage . Streptokinase activates platelets , limiting its effectiveness as a thrombolytic agent . 
The role of antistreptokinase antibodies and proteases in streptokinase-induced platelet activation was investigated . 
Streptokinase induced localization of human IgG to the platelet surface , platelet aggregation , and thromboxane A ( 2 ) production . 
These effects were inhibited by a monoclonal antibody to the platelet Fc receptor , IV . 3 . 
The platelet response to streptokinase was also blocked by an antibody directed against the cleavage site of the platelet thrombin receptor , protease-activated receptor-1 ( PAR-1 ) , but not by hirudin or an active site thrombin inhibitor , Ro46-6240 . 
In plasma depleted of plasminogen , exogenous wild-type plasminogen , but not an inactive mutant protein , S ( 741 ) A plasminogen , supported platelet aggregation , suggesting that the protease cleaving PAR-1 was streptokinase-plasminogen . 
Streptokinase-plasminogen cleaved a synthetic peptide corresponding to PAR-1 , resulting in generation of PAR-1 tethered ligand sequence and selectively reduced binding of a cleavage-sensitive PAR-1 antibody in intact cells . 
A combination of streptokinase , plasminogen , and antistreptokinase antibodies activated human erythroleukemic cells and was inhibited by pretreatment with IV . 3 or pretreating the cells with the PAR-1 agonist SFLLRN , suggesting Fc receptor and PAR-1 interactions are necessary for cell activation in this system also . 
Streptokinase-induced platelet activation is dependent on both antistreptokinase-Fc receptor interactions and cleavage of PAR-1 . 
( Blood . 
2000;95 : 1301-1308 ) Identification of a novel phenolic compound in litchi ( Litchi chinensis Sonn . 
) pericarp and bioactivity evaluation . Stimulation of N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors modulates Jurkat T cell growth and adhesion to fibronectin . Thionamides inhibit the transcription factor nuclear factor-kappaB by suppression of Rac1 and inhibitor of kappaB kinase alpha . Testicular cancer is the most frequent cancer in young men . 
The large majority of patients have a good prognosis , but in a small group of tumors , the current treatments are not effective . 
Radioiodine is routinely used in the treatment of thyroid cancer and is currently investigated as a potential therapeutic tool even for extra-thyroid tumors able to concentrate this radioisotope . 
Expression of Na ( + ) / I ( - ) symporter ( NIS ( SLC5A5 ) ) , the glycoprotein responsible for iodide transport , has been demonstrated in normal testicular tissue . 
In this study , we analyzed NIS expression in a large series of testicular carcinomas . 
Our retrospective series included 107 patients operated for testicular tumors : 98 typical seminomas , six embryonal carcinomas , one mixed embryonal choriocarcinoma , and two Leydig cells tumors . 
Expression and regulation of NIS mRNA and protein levels were also investigated in human embryonal testicular carcinoma cells ( NTERA ) by real-time RT-PCR and western blotting respectively . 
Immunohistochemical analysis showed the presence of NIS in the large majority of seminomas ( 90 / 98 ) and embryonal carcinomas ( 5 / 7 ) of the testis but not in Leydig cell carcinomas . 
Expression of NIS protein was significantly associated with lymphovascular invasion . 
In NTERA cells treated with the histone deacetylase inhibitors SAHA and valproic acid , a significant increase in NIS mRNA ( about 60- and 30-fold vs control , P<0 . 001 and P<0 . 01 respectively ) and protein levels , resulting in enhanced ability to uptake radioiodine , was observed . 
Finally , NIS expression in testicular tumors with the more aggressive behavior is of interest for the potential use of targeting NIS to deliver radioiodine in malignant cells . Potential tumor-suppressive role of monoglyceride lipase in human colorectal cancer . Transplacental exposure to inorganic arsenic at a hepatocarcinogenic dose induces fetal gene expression changes in mice indicative of aberrant estrogen signaling and disrupted steroid metabolism . Despite the antitumour effect of ursolic acid observed in several cancers , the underlying mechanism remains unclear . 
Thus , in the present study , the roles of AMP-activated protein kinase ( AMPK ) and glycogen synthase kinase 3 beta ( GSK3β ) were examined in ursolic acid induced apoptosis in HepG2 hepatocellular carcinoma cells . 
Ursolic acid significantly exerted cytotoxicity , increased the sub-G1 population and the number of ethidium homodimer and terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase ( TdT ) mediated dUTP nick end labeling positive cells in HepG2 cells . 
Also , ursolic acid enhanced the cleavages of poly-ADP-ribose polymerase ( PARP ) and caspase3 , attenuated the expression of astrocyte elevated gene ( AEG1 ) and survivin in HepG2 cells . 
Interestingly , ursolic acid increased the phosphorylation of AMPK and coenzyme A carboxylase and also enhanced phosphorylation of GSK3β at inactive form serine 9 , whereas ursolic acid attenuated the phosphorylation of AKT and mTOR in HepG2 cells . 
Conversely , AMPK inhibitor compound C or GSK3β inhibitor SB216763 blocked the cleavages of PARP and caspase 3 induced by ursolic acid in HepG2 cells . 
Furthermore , proteosomal inhibitor MG132 suppressed AMPK activation , GSK3β phosphorylation , cleaved PARP and deceased AEG-1 induced by ursolic acid in HepG2 cells . 
Overall , our findings suggest that ursolic acid induced apoptosis in HepG2 cells via AMPK activation and GSK3β phosphorylation as a potent chemopreventive agent . 
Copyright © 2013 John Wiley & Sons , Ltd . OBJECTIVE : The clinical significance of the measurement of serum PCSK9 ( proprotein subtilisin kexin type 9 ) is not well defined . 
This study investigated the association between serum PCSK9 levels and atherosclerosis assessed by carotid intima media thickness ( IMT ) in hypertensive patients . 
METHODS : A total of 126 hypertensive patients over the age of 45 were enrolled . 
The maximum carotid IMT ( max-IMT ) and the mean carotid IMT ( mean-IMT ) were measured at the time of enrollment . 
Clinical and laboratory parameters including serum PCSK9 were analyzed . 
RESULTS : Patients were divided into tertiles based on serum PCSK9 levels . 
After adjusting for age , sex , total cholesterol , HDL-cholesterol and triglyceride , max-IMT was significantly increased in the highest tertile of serum PCSK9 ( 0 . 969±0 . 033 vs 0 . 959±0 . 033 vs 1 . 077±0 . 033mm , respectively; P = 0 . 026 ) . 
Mean-IMT showed a tendency to increase across the tertile groups ( 0 . 773±0 . 025 vs 0 . 790±0 . 026 vs 0 . 856±0 . 025mm , respectively; P = 0 . 059 ) . 
Multivariate regression analysis revealed that serum PCSK9 was independently associated with carotid IMT ( max-IMT : β = 0 . 212 , P = 0 . 016; mean-IMT : β = 0 . 184 , P = 0 . 04 ) . 
CONCLUSION : The present study is the first to report the association between serum PCSK9 levels and carotid IMT in hypertensive patients . 
These results suggest that serum PCSK9 may have a certain role in early pathogenesis of atherosclerosis . Obesity and non-insulin-dependent diabetes favor storage of fatty acids in triacylglycerol over oxidation . 
Recently , individual acyl-CoA synthetase ( ACS ) isoforms have been implicated in the channeling of fatty acids either toward lipid synthesis or toward oxidation . 
Although ACS1 had been localized to three different subcellular regions in rat liver , endoplasmic reticulum , mitochondria , and peroxisomes , the study had used an antibody raised against the full-length ACS1 protein which cross-reacts with other isoforms , probably because all ACS family members contain highly conserved amino acid sequences . 
Therefore , we examined the subcellular location of ACS1 , ACS4 , and ACS5 in rat liver to determine which isoform was present in peroxisomes , whether the ACSs were intrinsic membrane proteins , and which ACS isoforms were up-regulated by PPAR alpha ligands . 
Non-cross-reacting ACS1 , ACS4 , and ACS5 peptide antibodies showed that ACS4 was the only ACS isoform present in peroxisomes isolated from livers of gemfibrozil-treated rats . 
ACS4 was also present in fractions identified as mitochondria-associated membrane ( MAM ) . 
ACS1 was present in endoplasmic reticulum fractions and ACS5 was present in mitochondrial fractions . 
Incubation with troglitazone , a specific inhibitor of ACS4 , decreased ACS activity in the MAM fractions 30-45% and in the peroxisomal fractions about 30% . 
Because the signal for ACS4 protein in peroxisomes was so strong compared to the MAM fraction , we examined ACS4 mRNA abundance in livers of rats treated with the PPAR alpha agonist GW9578 . 
Treatment with GW9578 increased ACS4 mRNA abundance 40% and ACS1 mRNA 25% . 
Although we had originally proposed that ACS4 is linked to triacylglycerol synthesis , it now appears that ACS4 may also be important in activating fatty acids destined for peroxisomal oxidation . 
We also determined that , unlike ACS1 and 5 , ACS4 is not an intrinsic membrane protein . 
This suggests that ACS4 is probably targeted and linked to MAM and peroxisomes by interactions with other proteins . Friedelin and lanosterol have been isolated from twigs of Garcinia prainiana . 
Their structures were elucidated by spectroscopic methods . 
The compounds were examined for their effects on 3T3-L1 adipocytes . 
In the MTT assay , it was found that the compounds had no cytotoxic effects up to 25 µM . 
Adipocyte differentiation analysis was carried out by Oil Red O staining method . 
In the presence of adipogenic cocktail ( MDI ) , it was found that friedelin and lanosterol enhanced intracellular fat accumulation by 2 . 02 and 2 . 18-fold , respectively , compared with the vehicle-treated cells . 
Deoxyglucose uptake assay was used to examine the insulin sensitivity of adipocytes in the presence of the compounds . 
It was found that friedelin was able to stimulate glucose uptake up to 1 . 8-fold compared with insulin-treated cells . 
It was suggested that friedelin and lanosterol may be beneficial to mimic insulin action that would be useful in the treatment of diabetes type 2 patients . The ability to identify inhibitors of protein-protein interactions represents a major challenge in modern drug discovery and in the development of tools for chemical biology . 
In recent years , fragment-based approaches have emerged as a new methodology in drug discovery; however , few examples of small molecules that are active against chemotherapeutic targets have been published . 
Herein , we describe the fragment-based approach of targeting the interaction between the tumour suppressor BRCA2 and the recombination enzyme RAD51; it makes use of a screening pipeline of biophysical techniques that we expect to be more generally applicable to similar targets . 
Disruption of this interaction in vivo is hypothesised to give rise to cellular hypersensitivity to radiation and genotoxic drugs . 
We have used protein engineering to create a monomeric form of RAD51 by humanising a thermostable archaeal orthologue , RadA , and used this protein for fragment screening . 
The initial fragment hits were thoroughly validated biophysically by isothermal titration calorimetry ( ITC ) and NMR techniques and observed by X-ray crystallography to bind in a shallow surface pocket that is occupied in the native complex by the side chain of a phenylalanine from the conserved FxxA interaction motif found in BRCA2 . 
This represents the first report of fragments or any small molecule binding at this protein-protein interaction site . Assemblies of 3 . 5 nm PbS nanoparticles ( NPs ) nucleate in three dominant superlattice polymorphs : amorphous , body-centered-cubic ( bcc ) and face-centered-cubic ( fcc ) phase . 
This superlattice relationship can be controlled by the inter-NP distance without changing the NP size . 
Upon increase of inter-NP distance , the packing density decreases , and the capping molecules at NP surfaces change in structure and accordingly modify the surface energy . 
The driving force for NP assembly develops from an entropic maximization to a reduction of total free energy through multiple interactions between surface molecules and NPs and resulting variation of surface molecules . 
Upon long-term aging and additional thermal treatment , fcc undergoes a tetragonal distortion and subsequently transforms to bcc phase , and simultaneously , the NPs embedded in supercrystals reduce surface energy primarily in {200} facets . 
Linking molecule-NP interactions with a series of changes of packing density and surface lattice spacings of NPs allows for an interpretation of principles governing the nucleation , structure stability , and transformation of PbS NP-assembled supercrystals . Mesoporous Silica Nanoparticles Act as a Self-Adjuvant for Ovalbumin Model Antigen in Mice . Protective effects of sweroside on human MG-63 cells and rat osteoblasts . Neural stem / progenitor cells display a low requirement for oxidative metabolism independent of hypoxia inducible factor-1alpha expression . The fragment indole-6-carboxylic acid ( 1F1 ) , previously identified as a flap site binder in a fragment-based screen against HIV protease ( PR ) , has been cocrystallized with pepstatin-inhibited PR and with apo-PR . 
Another fragment , 3-indolepropionic acid ( 1F1-N ) , predicted by AutoDock calculations and confirmed in a novel inhibition of nucleation crystallization assay , exploits the same interactions in the flap site in two crystal structures . 
Both 1F1 and 1F1-N bind to the closed form of apo-PR and to pepstatin : PR . 
In solution , 1F1 and 1F1-N raise the Tm of apo-PR by 3 . 5-5 °C as assayed by differential scanning fluorimetry ( DSF ) and show equivalent low-micromolar binding constants to both apo-PR and pepstatin : PR , assayed by backscattering interferometry ( BSI ) . 
The observed signal intensities in BSI are greater for each fragment upon binding to apo-PR than to pepstatin-bound PR , consistent with greater conformational change in the former binding event . 
Together , these data indicate that fragment binding in the flap site favors a closed conformation of HIV PR . BACKGROUND : The Brugada sign has been associated with mutations in SCN5A and with right ventricular structural abnormalities . 
Their role in the Brugada sign and the associated ventricular arrhythmias is unknown . 
OBJECTIVE : The purpose of this study was to delineate the role of structural abnormalities and sodium channel dysfunction in the Brugada sign . 
METHODS : Activation and repolarization characteristics of the explanted heart of a patient with a loss-of-function mutation in SCN5A ( G752R ) and dilated cardiomyopathy were determined after induction of right-sided ST-segment elevation by ajmaline . 
In addition , right ventricular structural discontinuities and sodium channel dysfunction were simulated in a computer model encompassing the heart and thorax . 
RESULTS : In the explanted heart , disappearance of local activation in unipolar electrograms at the basal right ventricular epicardium was followed by monophasic ST-segment elevation . 
The local origin of this phenomenon was confirmed by coaxial electrograms . 
Neither early repolarization nor late activation correlated with ST-segment elevation . 
At sites of local ST-segment elevation , the subepicardium was interspersed with adipose tissue and contained more fibrous tissue than either the left ventricle or control hearts . 
In computer simulations entailing right ventricular structural discontinuities , reduction of sodium channel conductance or size of the gaps between introduced barriers resulted in subepicardial excitation failure or delayed activation by current-to-load mismatch and in the Brugada sign on the ECG . 
CONCLUSION : Right ventricular excitation failure and activation delay by current-to-load mismatch in the subepicardium can cause the Brugada sign . 
Therefore , current-to-load mismatch may underlie the ventricular arrhythmias in patients with the Brugada sign . Ginseng has shown an efficacy in preventing and managing various health conditions . 
This study aimed to evaluate the effect of the fermented ginseng extract ( FGE ) in type 2 diabetes mellitus murine model . 
FGE was provided to male C57BL / ksJ-db / db mice for 8 weeks at 0 . 1% ( w / w ) dose in contrast to water for the control group . 
Potential anti-diabetic mechanisms were investigated with blood glucose , serum insulin , serum adiponectin , hemoglobin A1c ( HbA1c ) , glucose tolerance , insulin secretion assay , quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction , and hematoxylin-eosin staining . 
Compared with the control group , the FGE group had lower levels of blood glucose after 6 and 9 h fasting , HbA1c , and the area under the curve in an oral glucose tolerance test and higher levels of adiponectin and serum insulin ( p < 0 . 05 ) . 
The FGE group had higher levels of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma 2 and glucose transporter protein 2 mRNAs , a lower level of tumor necrosis factor-α ( TNF-α ) ( p < 0 . 05 ) , and less lymphocytes in pancreas than the control group had . 
The FGE exerted anti-diabetic effects in type 2 diabetic mice . 3-Amido pyrrolopyrazine JAK kinase inhibitors : development of a JAK3 vs JAK1 selective inhibitor and evaluation in cellular and in vivo models . The monoaminergic neuron , in particular the dopaminergic neuron , is central to mediating the hedonic and addictive properties of drugs of abuse . 
The effects of amphetamine ( AMPH ) and cocaine ( COC ) , for example , depend on the ability to increase dopamine in the synapse , by effects on either the plasma membrane transporter DAT or the vesicular transporter for monoamine storage , VMAT2 . 
The potential role of DAT as a target for AMPH and COC has been reviewed extensively . 
Here , we present VMAT2 as a target that enables the rewarding and addictive actions of these drugs , based on imaging , neurochemical , biochemical , cell biological , genetic , and immunohistochemical evidence . 
The presence of VMAT2 in noradrenergic , serotoninergic , histaminergic , and potentially trace aminergic neurons invites consideration of a wider role for aminergic neurotransmission in AMPH and COC abuse and addiction . A novel missense mutation , G663A , in exon 5 of the erythroid-specific delta-aminolevulinate synthase gene ( ALAS2 ) was identified in a Japanese male with pyridoxine-responsive sideroblastic anemia . 
Activity of the mutant delta-aminolevulinate synthase protein expressed in vitro was 15 . 1% compared with the normal control , but was increased up to 34 . 5% by the addition of pyridoxal 5'-phosphate , consistent with the clinical response of the patient to pyridoxine treatment . 
The same mutation was also detected in genomic DNa from the oral mucosal membrane of the patiet; however , it was not detected in other family member . 
These findings suggest that this G663A mutation is responsible for sideroblastic anemia in the proband , and may be an index mutation in this pedigree . Safety and tolerability of denufosol tetrasodium inhalation solution , a novel P2Y2 receptor agonist : results of a phase 1 / phase 2 multicenter study in mild to moderate cystic fibrosis . Four new eudesmane-type sesquiterpenoid lactones from atractylenolide II by biotransformation of rat hepatic microsomes . Antiobesity action of peripheral exenatide ( exendin-4 ) in rodents : effects on food intake , body weight , metabolic status and side-effect measures . In this study , the reference level of cadmium in urine and blood related with bone damage was assessed using benchmark dose in a Chinese female population . 
Total of 338 women was recruited , and urine and blood samples were collected from each individual for determination of cadmium in urine ( UCd ) and blood ( BCd ) . 
Bone mineral density was measured by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry . 
BMD and BMDL were calculated corresponding to additional risk of 5% and 10% . 
With benchmark response ( BMR ) of 5% / 10% , the BMD of BCd , UCd related with osteoporosis was 1 . 88μg / L / 3 . 23μg / L and 5 . 30μg / g crea / 9 . 06μg / g crea , and the BMDL-05 was 1 . 39μg / L / 2 . 38μg / L and 3 . 78μg / g crea / 6 . 36μg / g crea; the BMD of BCd , UCd related with low bone mass was 0 . 95μg / L / 3 . 12μg / L and 3 . 12μg / g crea / 5 . 87μg / g crea , and the BMDL-05 was 0 . 72μg / L / 1 . 35μg / L and 2 . 14μg / g crea / 3 . 99μg / g crea . 
The BMD of UCd in people over 60years old was much lower than that of people less than 60years old . 
BMD value was related with ages and effects biomarkers . 
Our data showed that BMD of UCd associated with osteoporosis was lower than that previously estimated . Traumatic brain injury ( TBI ) evokes an intense neuroinflammatory reaction that is essentially mediated by activated microglia and that has been reported to act as a secondary injury mechanism that further promotes neuronal death . 
It involves the excessive production of inflammatory cytokines and the diminution of neuroprotective and neurotrophic factors , such as the soluble form alpha of the amyloid precursor protein ( sAPPα ) , generated by the activity of α-secretases . 
Hence , the aim of this study was to examine the effects of etazolate , an α-secretase activator , on acute and belated post-TBI consequences . 
The mouse model of TBI by mechanical percussion was used and injured mice received either the vehicle or etazolate at the dose of 1 , 3 or 10 mg / kg at 2 h post-TBI . 
Neurological score , cerebral œdema , IL-1β and sAPPα levels , microglial activation and lesion size were evaluated from 6 to 24 h post-TBI . 
Spontaneous locomotor activity was evaluated from 48 h to 12 weeks post-TBI , memory function at 5 weeks and olfactory bulb lesions at 13 weeks post-TBI . 
A single administration of etazolate exerted a dose-dependent anti-inflammatory and anti-œdematous effect accompanied by lasting memory improvement , reduction of locomotor hyperactivity and olfactory bulb tissue protection , with a therapeutic window of at least 2 h . 
These effects were associated with the restoration of the levels of the sAPPα protein post-TBI . 
Taken together , these results highlight for the first time the therapeutic interest of an α-secretase activator in TBI . By exploiting ( 125 ) I-polyubiquitin chain formation as a functional readout of enzyme activity , we have quantitatively examined the mechanism of human E6AP / UBE3A for the first time . 
Initial rate studies identify UbcH7 as the cognate E2 carrier protein for E6AP , although related Ubc5 isoforms and the ISG15-specific UbcH8 paralog also support E6AP with reduced efficacy due to impaired binding and catalytic competence . 
Initial rates of polyubiquitin chain formation displayed hyperbolic kinetics with respect to UbcH7 concentration ( Km = 57 . 6 ± 5 . 7 nm and kcat = 0 . 032 ± 0 . 001 s ( -1 ) ) and substrate inhibition above 2 μm . 
Competitive inhibition by an isosteric UbcH7C86S-ubiquitin oxyester substrate analog ( Ki = 64 ± 18 nm ) demonstrates that Km reflects intrinsic substrate affinity . 
In contrast , noncompetitive inhibition by a UbcH7C86A product analog ( Ki = 7 ± 0 . 7 μm ) and substrate inhibition at high concentrations require two functionally distinct E2∼ubiquitin substrate binding sites . 
The kinetics of polyubiquitin chain formation reflect binding at a cryptic Site 1 not previously recognized that catalyzes E6AP∼ubiquitin thioester formation . 
Subsequent binding of E2∼ubiquitin at the canonical Site 2 present in the extant crystal structure is responsible for polyubiquitin chain elongation . 
Other rate studies show that the conserved -4 Phe ( 849 ) residue is required for polyubiquitin chain formation rather than target protein conjugation as originally suggested . 
The present studies unambiguously preclude earlier models for the mechanism of Hect domain-catalyzed conjugation through the canonical binding site suggested by the crystal structure and define a novel two-step mechanism for formation of the polyubiquitin degradation signal . Synthesis , radiosynthesis , and biological evaluation of carbon-11 labeled 2beta-carbomethoxy-3beta- ( 3'- ( ( Z ) -2-haloethenyl ) phenyl ) nortropanes : candidate radioligands for in vivo imaging of the serotonin transporter with positron emission tomography . Aldosterone induces elastin production in cardiac fibroblasts through activation of insulin-like growth factor-I receptors in a mineralocorticoid receptor-independent manner . Hypocholesterolemic effect of daily fisetin supplementation in high fat fed Sprague-Dawley rats . Exposure to valproic acid inhibits chondrogenesis and osteogenesis in mid-organogenesis mouse limbs . INTRODUCTION : Medroxyprogesterone acetate ( MPA ) induces estrogen receptor ( ER ) -positive and progesterone receptor ( PR ) -positive ductal invasive mammary carcinomas in BALB / c mice . 
We sought to reproduce this MPA cancer model in C57BL / 6 mice because of their widespread use in genetic engineering . 
Within this experimental setting , we studied the carcinogenic effects of MPA , the morphologic changes in mammary glands that are induced by MPA and progesterone , and the levels of ER and PR expression in MPA-treated and progesterone-treated mammary glands . 
Finally , we evaluated whether the differences found between BALB / c and C57BL / 6 mouse strains were due to intrinsic differences in epithelial cells . 
METHODS : The carcinogenic effect of MPA was evaluated in C57BL / 6 mice using protocols proven to be carcinogenic in BALB / c mice . 
In addition , BALB / c and C57BL / 6 females were treated with progesterone or MPA for 1 or 2 months , and mammary glands were excised for histologic studies and for immunohistochemical and Western blot evaluation of ER and PR . 
Hormone levels were determined by radioimmunoassay . 
Isolated mammary epithelial cells were transplanted into cleared fat pads of 21-day-old female Swiss nu / nu mice or control congenic animals . 
RESULTS : MPA failed to induce mammary carcinomas or significant morphologic changes in the mammary glands of C57BL / 6 mice . 
The expression of ER-alpha and PR isoform A in virgin mice was surprisingly much higher in BALB / c than in C57BL / 6 mammary glands , and both receptors were downregulated in progestin-treated BALB / c mice ( P < 0 . 05 ) . 
PR isoform B levels were low in virgin control mice and increased after progestin treatment in both strains . 
ER-beta expression followed a similar trend . 
No differences in hormone levels were found between strains . 
Surprisingly , the transplantation of the epithelial mammary gland cells of both strains into the cleared fat pads of Swiss ( nu / nu ) mice abolished the mammary gland morphologic differences and the ER and PR differences between strains . 
CONCLUSION : C57BL / 6 mammary glands are resistant to MPA-induced carcinogenesis and to hormone action . 
MPA and progesterone have different effects on mammary glands . 
Low ER-alpha and PR-A levels in untreated mammary glands may be associated with a low-risk breast cancer profile . 
Although we cannot at this time rule out the participation of other , untested factors , our findings implicate the stroma as playing a crucial role in the strain-specific differential hormone receptor expression and hormone responsiveness . Inhibition of aromatase is an efficient approach for the prevention and treatment of breast cancer . 
New A , D-ring modified steroid analogues of formestane and testolactone were designed and synthesized and their biochemical activity was investigated in vitro in an attempt to find new aromatase inhibitors and to gain insight into their structure-activity relationships ( SAR ) . 
All compounds tested were less active than formestane . 
However , the 3-deoxy steroidal olefin 3a and its epoxide derivative 4a proved to be strong competitive aromatase inhibitors ( K ( i ) = 50 and 38 nM and IC50 = 225 and 145 nM , respectively ) . 
According to our findings , the C-3 carbonyl group is not essential for anti-aromatase activity , but 5alpha-stereochemistry and some planarity in the steroidal framework is required . 
Furthermore , modification of the steroidal cyclopentanone D-ring , by construction of a delta-lactone six-membered ring , decreases the inhibitory potency . 
From the results obtained , it may be concluded that the binding pocket of the active site of aromatase requires planarity in the region of the steroid A , B-rings and the D-ring structure is critical for the binding . Fluoxetine partly exerts its actions through GABA : a neurochemical evidence . Nabumetone : therapeutic use and safety profile in the management of osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis . The Interaction of Adrenomedullin and Macrophages Induces Ovarian Cancer Cell Migration via Activation of RhoA Signaling Pathway . The in vitro pharmacological profile of prucalopride , a novel enterokinetic compound . The effect of histamine-H1 receptor antagonism with terfenadine on concentration-related AMP-induced bronchoconstriction in asthma . Finasteride is a specific inhibitor of type II 5alpha-reductase , the enzyme that converts testosterone ( T ) to the more potent androgen receptor agonist dihydrotestosterone ( DHT ) . 
In utero exposure to androgen receptor antagonists and T biosynthesis inhibitors have induced permanent effects on androgen-sensitive end points such as anogenital distance ( AGD ) , nipple retention , and malformations of the male rat reproductive tract . 
The objectives of this study were to ( 1 ) characterize the dose response of finasteride-mediated alterations in androgen-dependent developmental end points , ( 2 ) determine whether prenatal exposure to finasteride permanently decreases AGD or results in nipple retention , and ( 3 ) evaluate whether AGD or nipple retention is predictive of adverse alterations in the male reproductive tract . 
Pregnant Crl : CD ( SD ) BR rats ( n = 5-6 / group ) were gavaged with either vehicle or finasteride at 0 . 01 , 0 . 1 , 1 . 0 , 10 , or 100 mg / kg / day on gestation days 12 to 21 . 
All male offspring were monitored individually until necropsy on postnatal day ( PND ) 90 . 
The present study design has been used previously for other antiandrogens and is sensitive to perturbations of the male rat reproductive tract . 
Decreases in AGD on PND 1 and increases in areolae-nipple retention on PND 13 were significantly different from controls in all finasteride-exposed male rats . 
Finasteride-induced changes in AGD and nipple retention were permanent in male rats exposed to finasteride at and above 0 . 1 mg / kg / day . 
On PND 90 , dorsolateral and ventral prostate lobes were absent in 21 to 24% of rats exposed to 100 mg / kg / day finasteride and weighed significantly less at and above 10 mg / kg / day . 
In the highest dose group , 73% of animals had ectopic testes , much higher than previously reported . 
The most sensitive malformation other than decreased AGD and nipple retention was the dose-dependent increase in hypospadias . 
The lowest observed adverse effect level ( LOAEL ) for finasteride-induced permanent effects in this study was 0 . 1 mg / kg / day based on permanent changes in AGD and nipple retention . 
Finasteride-induced changes in AGD and retention of nipples were highly predictive of hypospadias , ectopic testes , and prostate malformations even though some animals with retained nipples or decreased AGD may not have had other reproductive tract malformations . 
In summary , prenatal exposure to finasteride specifically inhibited DHT-mediated development with little to no change in T-mediated development . High mobility group box 1 ( HMGB1 ) plays a crucial mediator in the pathogenesis of many inflammatory diseases . 
We recently proposed that heme oxygenase-1 ( HO-1 ) negatively regulates HMGB1 in inflammatory conditions . 
We investigated whether ethanol extract of Inula helenium L . 
( EIH ) activates p38 MAPK / Nrf2 / HO-1 pathways in RAW264 . 7 cells and reduces inflammation in CLP-induced septic mice . 
EIH induced expression of HO-1 protein in a time- and concentration-dependent manner . 
EIH significantly diminished HO-1 expression in siNrf2 RNA-transfected cells . 
As expected , the inhibited expression of iNOS / NO , COX-2 / PGE2 , HMGB1 release by EIH in LPS-activated RAW264 . 7 cells was significantly reversed by siHO-1RNA transfection . 
Furthermore , EIH not only inhibited NF-κB luciferase activity , phosphorylation of IκBα in LPS-activated cells but also significantly suppressed expression of adhesion molecules ( ICAM-1 and VCAM-1 ) in TNF-α activated human umbilical vein endothelial cells . 
The induction of HO-1 by EIH was inhibited by SB203580 but not by SP600125 , PD98059 , nor LY294002 . 
Most importantly , administration of EIH significantly reduced not only increase in blood HMGB1 , ALT , AST , BUN , creatinine levels but also decrease macrophage infiltrate in the liver of septic mice , which were reversed by ZnPPIX , a HO-1 inhibitor . 
We concluded that EIH has anti-inflammatory effect via the induction of p38 MAPK-dependent HO-1 signaling pathway . Synthesis and SAR of novel Re / 99mTc-labeled benzenesulfonamide carbonic anhydrase IX inhibitors for molecular imaging of tumor hypoxia . Excess activation of glutamatergic neurotransmission in the cerebral cortex following ethanol withdrawal is considered to contribute to significant behavioural disturbances , and to alcohol craving . 
Astrocytes may play a role in these manifestations because astrocytes are essential in the regulation of released glutamate and its conversion to glutamine through the enzyme glutamine synthetase ( GS ) . 
However , it is unclear if withdrawal from free-choice ethanol drinking causes changes in the numbers of astrocytes expressing GS or the cytoskeletal protein of astrocytes glial fibrillary acidic protein ( GFAP ) . 
Alcohol-preferring ( P ) rats exposed to free-choice ethanol drinking were either maintained without forced interruption of ethanol drinking , subjected to a 3-day withdrawal period at the end of 2 months , or subjected to three 3-day withdrawal periods along 6 months . 
At 2 months , P rats were also compared with alcohol-naive alcohol non-preferring rats ( NP ) rats . 
Packing density of GS and GFAP-immunoreactive ( IR ) astrocytes was measured in sections from the prelimbic cortex ( PLC ) using the optical disector probe . 
An alcohol deprivation effect was observed in P rats with withdrawals during a 6-month ethanol drinking period . 
Ethanol withdrawal significantly increased the packing density of GS- and GFAP-IR astrocytes in the PLC of P rats as compared with P rats with continuous access to ethanol . 
In addition , there was a positive correlation between the pre-withdrawal ethanol consumption and the packing density of GS-IR astrocytes . 
The present results suggest the involvement of astrocytes in the regulation of the glutamatergic activation associated with withdrawal from free-choice ethanol consumption and point to differential adaptations of GS and GFAP to prolonged alcohol drinking in the PLC of P rats . Cembranoid and long-chain alkanol sites on the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor and their allosteric interaction . OBJECTIVES : In this study , we investigated the crosstalk of endothelin-1 ( ET-1 ) and platelet-derived growth factor ( PDGF ) in coronary artery smooth muscle cell ( SMC ) proliferation in the rat cardiac allograft model . 
BACKGROUND : Previous studies have suggested an independent role of ET-1 and PDGF in the development of cardiac allograft arteriosclerosis ( i . 
e . 
, chronic rejection ) . 
METHODS : Heterotopic heart transplantations were performed from Dark Agouti to Wistar Furth rats . 
Grafts were harvested after five days in an acute rejection model and after 60 days in a chronic rejection model . 
In the in vitro part of the study , SMC proliferation and migration were quantitated , as well as messenger ribonucleic acid ( mRNA ) levels of ET-1 and PDGF ligands and receptors after growth factor stimulation . 
RESULTS : Acute rejection induced both ET-1 receptors in the arterial wall . 
On linear regression analysis of chronically rejecting cardiac allografts , a strong correlation between intimal thickening and immunoreactivity of ET-1 and ET receptors A and B ( ET ( A ) and ET ( B ) ) in the arterial walls was observed . 
Treatment with Bosentan , a mixed ET-1 receptor antagonist , significantly reduced the incidence and intensity of arteriosclerotic lesions in rat cardiac allografts , as well as total intragraft ET ( A ) and ET ( B ) mRNA expression and intimal cell ET-1 and receptor immunoreactivity . 
This was associated with significantly reduced intragraft PDGF beta-receptor ( PDGF-Rbeta ) mRNA expression . 
In contrast , CGP 53716 , a protein tyrosine kinase inhibitor selective for the PDGF receptor , did not reduce intragraft ET-1 , ET ( A ) or ET ( B ) mRNA expression . 
In rat coronary artery SMC cultures , ET-1 stimulation significantly upregulated PDGF-Ralpha and -Rbeta mRNA expression and augmented PDGF-BB-mediated SMC proliferation as well as PDGF-AB- and PDGF-BB-mediated SMC migration . 
CONCLUSIONS : Our results suggest that the ET-1 / PDGF-Rbeta / PDGF-BB axis may operate in SMC migration and proliferation in cardiac allograft arteriosclerosis , thus explaining the marked beneficial effects of blocking the signaling downstream of ET-1 receptors . Levels of ATP and other nucleotides increased in wounded potato tuber slices , maintained on moist paper for 24 h after preparation . 
The relative expression intensity of genes encoding adenosine kinase ( AK ) and adenine phosphoribosyltransferase ( APRT ) in wounded slices was greater than the intensity of genes of the de novo pathway , glycineamide ribonucleotide formyltransferase ( GART ) and 5-aminoimidazole ribonucleotide synthetase ( AIRS ) . 
In vitro activities of adenosine kinase ( ATP : adenosine 5'-phosphotransferase; EC 2 . 7 . 1 . 20 ) and adenine phosphoribosyltransferase ( AMP : pyrophosphate phospho-d-ribosyltransferase; EC 2 . 4 . 2 . 7 ) increased during wounding . 
Adenosine nucleosidase ( adenosine ribohydrolase; EC 3 . 2 . 2 . 7 ) activity was negligible in freshly prepared slices , but its activity is dramatically enhanced in wounded slices . 
In situ adenosine salvage activity , estimated from the incorporation of radioactivity from exogenously supplied [ 8- ( 14 ) C ] adenosine into nucleotides and RNA , increased more than five times in the wounded slices . 
These results strongly suggest that greater expression of the genes encoding enzymes of adenosine salvage during wounding is closely related to the increased supply of adenine nucleotides in the wounded slices . Metabolic disorders are a major burden for public health systems globally . 
Regular exercise improves metabolic health . 
Pharmacological targeting of exercise mediators might facilitate physical activity or amplify the effects of exercise . 
The peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ coactivator 1α ( PGC-1α ) largely mediates musculoskeletal adaptations to exercise , including lipid refueling , and thus constitutes such a putative target . 
Paradoxically , forced expression of PGC-1α in muscle promotes diet-induced insulin resistance in sedentary animals . 
We show that elevated PGC-1α in combination with exercise preferentially improves glucose homeostasis , increases Krebs cycle activity , and reduces the levels of acylcarnitines and sphingosine . 
Moreover , patterns of lipid partitioning are altered in favor of enhanced insulin sensitivity in response to combined PGC-1α and exercise . 
Our findings reveal how physical activity improves glucose homeostasis . 
Furthermore , our data suggest that the combination of elevated muscle PGC-1α and exercise constitutes a promising approach for the treatment of metabolic disorders . BACKGROUND : Portal hypertension is a clinically important consequence of cirrhosis that can lead to morbidities such as variceal bleeding , hepatic encephalopathy and ascites . 
All of these outcomes carry high mortality rates . 
There have been several drugs created to assist with endoscopic therapy for the treatment of acute variceal bleeding . 
Recently , vapreotide has been studied in patients to evaluate its efficacy as treatment for acute variceal hemorrhage . 
Although no comparisons have been made between vapreotide and other somatostatin analogues , this drug has been shown to have efficacy in the control of acute variceal bleeding as well as reducing the risk of recurrent bleeding and death , especially when started prior to endoscopy . 
OBJECTIVE : This paper reviews the literature regarding the basic science and clinical efficacy of vapreotide in acute variceal bleeding . 
METHODS : We used a PubMed / Medline search in order to review the literature regarding the drug , vapreotide . 
RESULTS / CONCLUSIONS : Vapreotide appears to have benefit in the control of acute variceal bleeding . 
It is easy to administer and has few side effects , which are minor . 
These findings endorse the need for future trials to evaluate vapreotide and its use in acute variceal hemorrhage , a morbidity among patients with cirrhosis . S-adenosylmethionine ( AdoMet or SAM ) -dependent methyltransferases belong to a large and diverse family of group-transfer enzymes that perform vital biological functions on a host of substrates . 
Despite the progress in genomics , structural proteomics , and computational biology , functional annotation of methyltransferases remains a challenge . 
Herein , we report the synthesis and activity of a new AdoMet analogue functionalized with a ketone group . 
Using catechol O-methyltransferase ( COMT , EC 2 . 1 . 1 . 6 ) and thiopurine S-methyltransferase ( TPMT , EC 2 . 1 . 1 . 67 ) as model enzymes , this robust and readily accessible analogue displays kinetic parameters that are comparable to AdoMet and exhibits multiple turnovers with enzyme . 
More importantly , this AdoMet surrogate displays the same substrate specificity as the natural methyl donor . 
Incorporation of the ketone group allows for subsequent modification via bio-orthogonal labeling strategies and sensitive detection of the tagged ketone products . 
Hence , this AdoMet analogue expands the toolbox available to interrogate the biochemical functions of methyltransferases . Upregulated NLRP3 inflammasome activation in patients with type 2 diabetes . Twelve alkyl analogues ( 1-12 ) of the high-affinity serotonin transporter ( SERT ) inhibitor 6-nitroquipazine ( 6-NQ ) were synthesized and studied using in vitro radioligand competition binding assays to determine their binding affinity ( Ki ) . 
The putative antidepressant activity of five of the binders with the highest SERT binding affinities was studied by the forced swim and locomotor activity mouse tests . 
The three-dimensional ( 3D ) structures of 8 and 9 were determined using NOE NMR technique . 
Flexible docking of the compounds was undertaken to illustrate the binding of the compounds in the SERT model . 
Our results showed that several of the 6-NQ analogues are high-affinity SERT inhibitors and indicated that the octyl ( 8 ) , decyl ( 10 ) and dodecyl ( 12 ) 6-NQ analogues exhibit moderate antidepressant activity . Dual antithrombotic agents acting as anticoagulants and aggregation inhibitors could have substantial advantages over currently prescribed combinations of antithrombotic drugs . 
Herein , we report compounds with moderate inhibitory activity for factor Xa and fibrinogen GPIIb / IIIa binding ( both in the micromolar range ) . 
These compounds resulted from our efforts to merge the pharmacophores of selective factor Xa inhibitor rivaroxaban with a mimic of the Arg-Gly-Asp ( RGD ) sequence of fibrinogen to obtain designed multiple ligands with potential antithrombotic activity . 
Resulting from this study , a structurally novel class of submicromolar fibrinogen GPIIb / IIIa binding inhibitor bearing 1 , 2 , 4-oxadiazol-5 ( 4H ) -one moiety is also described . A P-glycoprotein ( P-gp ) IC50 working group was established with twenty-three participating pharmaceutical and contract research laboratories and one academic institution to assess inter-laboratory variability in P-gp IC50 determinations . 
Each lab followed their in-house protocol to determine in vitro IC50 values for sixteen inhibitors using four different test systems : Caco-2 ( 11 labs ) , MDCKII-MDR1 ( 6 labs ) and LLC-PK1-MDR1 ( 4 labs ) cells , and membrane vesicles containing human P-gp ( 5 labs ) . 
For cell models , various equations to calculate remaining transport activity ( e . 
g . 
efflux ratio , unidirectional flux , net secretory flux ) were also evaluated . 
The difference in IC50 values for each of the inhibitors across all test systems and equations ranged from a minimum of 20- and 24-fold between lowest and highest IC50 values for sertraline and isradipine , to a maximum of 407- and 796-fold for telmisartan and verapamil , respectively . 
For telmisartan and verapamil , variability was greatly influenced by data from one laboratory in each case . 
Excluding these two data sets brings the range in IC50 values for telmisartan and verapamil down to 69- and 159-fold . 
The efflux ratio based-equation generally resulted in several fold lower IC50 values compared to unidirectional or net-secretory flux equations . 
Statistical analysis indicated that variability in IC50 values was mainly due to inter-laboratory variability , rather than an implicit systematic difference between test systems . 
Potential reasons for variability are discussed and the simplest , most robust experimental design for P-gp IC50 determination proposed . 
The impact of these findings on drug-drug interaction risk assessment is discussed in the companion paper and recommendations are provided . Cooperative binding of ATP and MgADP in the sulfonylurea receptor is modulated by glibenclamide . Multifunctional targets of dietary polyphenols in disease : a case for the chemokine network and energy metabolism . Norethisterone ( NET ) is a synthetic progestin , used as a contraceptive agent , that is biotransformed at target tissues into 5 alpha-NET and 3 beta , 5 alpha-NET , which possess different pharmacological properties . 
The effects of these metabolites on the expression of uteroglobin ( UG ) and progesterone receptor ( PR ) genes , both regulated by progesterone ( P4 ) , were evaluated in the uterus of prepubertal female rabbits that were simultaneously treated with P4 ( 1 . 0 mg ) for 5 consecutive days . 
As determined by Western and Northern blot analyses , 5 alpha-NET inhibited the P4-induced UG gene expression in a dose-dependent manner . 
A similar inhibition was observed with the administration of RU-486 . 
The estrogenic agent 3 beta , 5 alpha-NET and estradiol at a dose of 1 . 0 mg also inhibited the UG gene expression induced by P4 . 
Both 5 alpha-NET and 3 beta , 5 alpha-NET blocked the PR down-regulation induced by P4 as assessed by Western and Northern blot methods . 
The inhibition of UG synthesis and PR down-regulation by 5 alpha-NET and 3 beta , 5 alpha-NET indicates that these NET metabolites possess antiprogestational properties . We have shown that preeclampsia is associated with insulin resistance . 
In the present study , we examined young normal , preeclamptic ( PE ) , and gestational hypertensive ( GH ) nulliparous African-American women at term to investigate cellular determinants of this resistance and insulin and insulin-like growth factor-I ( IGF-I ) binding to partially purified erythrocyte receptors and receptor tyrosine kinase activity ( TKA ) . 
Blood pressure was significantly elevated in PE and GH subjects as compared with controls . 
Insulin binding was similar in number and affinity in the three groups ( femtomoles per microgram ) . 
IGF-I binding was increased in PE subjects as compared with either normals or GH subjects ( 0 . 2 + / - 0 . 02 , 0 . 15 + / - 0 . 01 , and 0 . 14 + / - 0 . 02 fmol / microgram protein ) . 
Insulin receptor TKA was increased in PE subjects as compared with normals when assessed either per microgram protein or per femtomole insulin binding ( P < . 01 ) . 
In contrast , IGF-I-potentiated TKA was elevated in PE subjects only when assessed per microgram protein ( P < . 03 ) . 
Thus , the increased number of IGF-I receptors in erythrocytes of PE subjects yields a net increase in receptor tyrosine kinase . 
Also , there is an augmentation of insulin receptor TKA in PE subjects . 
Together , these two alterations may be a compensatory mechanism for the insulin resistance associated with hypertensive diseases of pregnancy . RATIONALE : A common polymorphism ( 5HTTLPR ) within the promoter region of the serotonin transporter gene ( LSC6A4 ) has been shown to influence response time as well as overall response to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( SSRIs ) in subjects with major depressive disorder . 
We hypothesized that a similar effect in response time to sertraline would be observed and that no effect on response time would be seen in a placebo arm . 
OBJECTIVES : We tested the hypothesis that subjects homozygous for the long allele at the 5HTTLPR polymorphism would respond more rapidly to sertraline than subjects carrying one or two copies of the short allele . 
METHODS : HAM-D and CGI-I responses to sertraline and placebo were measured weekly in the context of an 8-week , placebo-controlled study in elderly depressed subjects . 
Genotyping of the 5HTTLPR polymorphism was performed to test for correlations with response at each week in the sertraline and placebo groups ( n = 206 ) . 
RESULTS : Subjects homozygous for the long allele of 5HTTLPR showed a significant increase in response at week 1 and week 2 , as assessed by the CGI-I scale compared with subjects carrying one or two copies of the short allele ( P = 0 . 01 at both weeks ) . 
No significant difference was observed in the placebo group . 
CONCLUSIONS : These results suggest that genetic variation in the serotonin transporter gene effects the response time to sertraline and provides complementing evidence to previous reports that this polymorphism affects response time to other SSRIs . Kinetics of allopregnanolone formation catalyzed by human 3 alpha-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type III ( AKR1C2 ) . Specificity of zebrafish retinol saturase : formation of all-trans-13 , 14-dihydroretinol and all-trans-7 , 8- dihydroretinol . Chlorogenic acid ( CGA ) has been shown to stimulate glucose uptake in skeletal muscle through the activation of AMPK . 
However , its effect on other metabolic pathways and likewise its effects after long-term consumption have yet to be understood . 
We investigated the effects of CGA on glucose tolerance , insulin sensitivity , hepatic gluconeogenesis , lipid metabolism and skeletal muscle glucose uptake in Lepr ( db / db ) mice . 
Hepatoma HepG2 was used to investigate CGA's effect on hepatic glucose production and fatty acid synthesis . 
Subsequently , we attempted to evaluate whether these effects of CGA are associated with the activation of AMPK . 
In Lepr ( db / db ) mice , acute treatment with CGA lowered AUCglucose in an OGTT . 
Chronic administration of CGA inhibited hepatic G6Pase expression and activity , attenuated hepatic steatosis , improved lipid profiles and skeletal muscle glucose uptake , which in turn improved fasting glucose level , glucose tolerance , insulin sensitivity and dyslipidemia in Lepr ( db / db ) mice . 
CGA activated AMPK , leading to subsequent beneficial metabolic outcomes , such as suppression of hepatic glucose production and fatty acid synthesis . 
Inhibition and knockdown of AMPK abrogated these metabolic alterations . 
In conclusion , CGA improved glucose and lipid metabolism , via the activation of AMPK . In recent years the use of the opioid oxycodone has increased markedly and replacing morphine as the first-line choice of opioid in several countries . 
There are formulations for oral immediate , oral extended release and intravenous use . 
The bioavailability is higher than for morphine and less variable . 
Oxycodone is primarily metabolized in the liver by the cytochrome P450 ( CYP ) enzymes with CYP3A as the major metabolic pathway and CYP2D6 as the minor metabolic pathway to noroxycodone , oxymorphone and noroxymorphone . 
Oxycodone exerts its analgesic effect via the µ-opioid receptor . 
The metabolism of CYP2D6 substrates varies to a large degree between individuals as a result of allele functionality . 
Poor metabolizers ( PM ) have two non-functional alleles , extensive metabolizers ( EM ) are homozygous with two functional alleles or heterozygous with one functional allele and ultrarapid metabolizers ( UM ) have more than two functional alleles . 
There are pronounced interethnic differences in the allele distribution . 
On the basis of studies performed thus far , oxycodone concentrations in comparison with EM are similar in PM and reduced in UM . 
The pharmacokinetics in UM are insufficiently investigated . 
Simultaneous inhibition of both CYP3A and CYP2D6 results in increased oxycodone concentrations and such a combination should be avoided . 
A similar effect is to be expected with use of a CYP3A inhibitor in CYP2D6 PM . 
Concomitant use of enzyme inducers such as rifampicin , St John's wort and carbamazepine should be avoided because of the risk of subtherapeutic concentrations of oxycodone . 
When the dosage of morphine may result in unpredictable bioavailability , like in patients with severe hepatic cirrhosis , oxycodone might be beneficial because it has higher and less variability in bioavailability between patients than morphine . We examined the effect of pioglitazone ( PIO ) on circulating adipocytokine levels to elucidate the mechanisms by which thiazolidinediones improve insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes mellitus ( T2DM ) . 
Twenty-three subjects with T2DM ( age 54 + / - 2 yr , body mass index 29 + / - 1 kg / m ( 2 ) ) were randomly assigned to receive placebo ( n = 11 ) or PIO , 45 mg / d ( n = 12 ) , for 4 months . 
Before and after treatment , subjects received a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test ( OGTT ) ; euglycemic insulin clamp ( 40 mU / m ( 2 ) . 
min ) with 3- ( 3 ) H-glucose; determination of fat mass ( ( 3 ) H ( 2 ) O ) ; and measurement of fasting glucose , free fatty acids ( FFAs ) , leptin , adiponectin , and TNFalpha concentrations . 
After 4 months of PIO , fasting plasma glucose concentration ( Delta = -2 . 7 mol / liter ) , mean plasma glucose during OGTT ( Delta = -3 . 8 mol / liter ) , and hemoglobin A ( 1c ) ( Delta = 1 . 7% ) decreased ( P < 0 . 05 vs . 
placebo ) without change in fasting or post-OGTT plasma insulin levels . 
Fasting FFAs ( Delta = 168 micromol / liter ) and TNFalpha ( Delta = 0 . 7 pg / ml ) concentrations decreased ( P < 0 . 05 vs . 
placebo ) , whereas adiponectin ( Delta = 8 . 7 microg / ml ) increased ( P < 0 . 01 vs . 
placebo ) . 
Despite the increase in body fat mass ( Delta = 3 . 4 kg ) after PIO , plasma leptin concentration did not change significantly . 
No changes in plasma glucose , FFAs , or adipocytokine levels were observed in placebo-treated subjects . 
During the insulin clamp , endogenous ( hepatic ) glucose production decreased ( Delta = -2 . 67 micromol / fat-free mass . 
min , P < 0 . 05 vs . 
placebo ) , whereas metabolic clearance rate of glucose ( MCR ) increased ( Delta = 0 . 58 ml / fat-free mass . 
min , P < 0 . 05 vs . 
placebo ) after PIO . 
In all subjects , before and after PIO , the decrease in plasma FFA concentration was correlated with the changes in both endogenous ( hepatic ) glucose production ( r = 0 . 47 , P < 0 . 05 ) and MCR ( r = -0 . 41 , P < 0 . 05 ) , whereas the increase in plasma adiponectin concentration was correlated with the change in endogenous ( hepatic ) glucose production ( r = -0 . 70 , P < 0 . 01 ) and MCR ( r = 0 . 49 , P < 0 . 05 ) . 
These results suggest that the direct effects of PIO on adipose tissue to decrease plasma FFA levels and increase plasma adiponectin contribute to the improvements in hepatic and peripheral insulin sensitivity and glucose tolerance in patients with T2DM . Identification of a RhoA- and SRF-Dependent Mechanism of Androgen Action that is Associated with Prostate Cancer Progression . AIM : To investigate the remodeling of mesenteric artery and the expression of TGF-beta1 , c-Jun in mesenteric artery and effects of imidapril and irbesartan on the remodeling in spontaneously hypertensive rats ( SHR ) . 
METHODS : Thirty SHR ( male / female , 21 / 9 ) , aged 13 wk , were randomly divided into 3 groups ( 7 male rats and 3 female rats each group ) : SHR group , imidapril group ( imidapril 3 mg / kg . 
d was given in drinking water for 14 wk ) , and irbesartan group ( irbesartan 50 mg / kg . 
d was given in drinking water foe 14 wk ) . 
Ten homogeneous Wistar Kyoto rats , 5 males and 5 females , weighing 206 + / -49 g , were selected as normal control group ( WKY group ) . 
Systolic pressure was measured on d 1 , 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 , 10 , 12 and 14 during the experiment and the rats were killed at the end of the experiment . 
Angiotensin II ( Ang II ) level in plasma and mesenteric arteries was measured by radioimmunoassay . 
The morphology of the secondary branches of mesenteric artery were examined by light microscopy and electron microscopy . 
Reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction ( RT-PCR ) was used to detect the expression of transforming growth factor TGF-beta1 and c-Jun mRNA . 
RESULTS : Compared with imidapril group and irbesartan group , the blood pressure was remarkably increased in SHR group . 
Ang II level in plasma and mesenteric arteries in SHR group was the same or lower than that in WKY group , and was higher in irbesartan group and lower in imidapril group . 
The remodeling of mesenteric arteries in SHR group was mostly obvious among the 4 groups . 
The ratio of TGF-beta1 absorbed light value to GAPDH absorbed light value in the SHR group was 0 . 887 + / -0 . 019 , which was significantly higher than that in WKY group , imidapril group , and irbesartan group with the ratios of 0 . 780 + / -0 . 018 , 0 . 803 + / -0 . 005 , and 0 . 847 + / -0 . 017 , respectively ( P<0 . 01 ) . 
Ang II level in plasma and mesenteric arteries in imidapril group was significantly lower than that in irbesartan group ( P<0 . 05 ) . 
The c-Jun absorbed light value / GAPDH absorbed light value of mesenteric arteries in the SHR group was 0 . 850 + / -0 . 015 , which was significantly higher than that in the WKY , imidapril , and irbesartan groups ( 0 . 582 + / -0 . 013 , 0 . 743 + / -0 . 012 , and 0 . 789 + / -0 . 013 , respectively , P<0 . 01 ) , and was significantly lower in imidapril group than in irbesartan group ( P<0 . 05 ) . 
CONCLUSION : Imidapril and irbesartan can not only control blood pressure but also inhibit mesenteric arteries remodeling and mRNA expression of TGF-beta1 , c-Jun in SHR . 
Imidapril is more effective than irbesartan . Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha activators improve insulin sensitivity and reduce adiposity . Development and validation of ethylenethiourea determination in foods using methanol-based extraction , solid-phase extraction cleanup and LC-MS / MS . The possibility of using freshwater Ulva ( Chlorophyta ) as a bioaccumulator of metals ( Co , Cr , Cu , Mn and Zn ) in lake and river water was examined weekly in the summer of 2010 in three types of samples : the water , the sediment and the thalli of Ulva . 
Samples of freshwater Ulva were collected from two aqueous ecosystems lie 250 km away from the basin of the Baltic Sea and 53 km from each other . 
A flow lake located in the centre of the big city was the first water reservoir ( ten sites ) and second , the suburban river ( six sites ) . 
The mean metal concentrations in the Ulva tissue from the river and the lake decreased in the following order : Mn > Zn > Cr > Cu > Co and Mn > Cr > Zn > Cu > Co , respectively . 
Moreover , a negative and statistically significant correlation between Mn concentrations in the Ulva thalli and the river water was observed . 
Additionally , numerous correlations were noted between the different concentrations of metals within the Ulva thalli , in the water and in the sediment . 
The great concentrations of Mn and Zn and the smallest of Co were found in thalli of Ulva , irrespective of the type of the ecosystem from which samples of algal thalli originated . 
Freshwater Ulva populations examined in this study were clearly characterized a dozen or so times by the higher Mn and Cr accumulation than taxa from that genera coming from sea ecosystems . 
The calculated bioconcentration factor confirm the high potential for freshwater Ulva to be a bioaccumulator of trace metals in freshwater ecosystems . p185erbB2 binds to GRP94 in vivo . 
Dissociation of the p185erbB2 / GRP94 heterocomplex by benzoquinone ansamycins precedes depletion of p185erbB2 . Pemetrexed disodium ( ALIMTA ) , "pemetrexed" ) is a novel , multi-targeted antifolate that has demonstrated promising clinical activity in a wide variety of solid tumors , including non-small cell lung , breast , mesothelioma , colorectal , pancreatic , gastric , bladder , cervix , and head and neck . 
Pemetrexed inhibits multiple folate-dependent enzymes involved in both purine and pyrimidine synthesis including thymidylate synthase , dihydrofolate reductase , glycinamide ribonucleotide formyltransferase , and aminoimidazole carboxamide ribonucleotide formyltransferase . 
As a single agent , pemetrexed exhibits a moderate toxicity profile at a dose of 500 mg / m ( 2 ) by 10-minute infusion once every 21 days with myelosuppression being the dose-limiting toxicity . 
Folic acid added to the diet in preclinical studies reduced toxicities while maintaining antitumor activity . 
Based on this observation and clinical toxicities , folic acid and vitamin B ( 12 ) dietary supplementation has been recently introduced into all ongoing trials . 
Studies combining pemetrexed with other active chemotherapeutic agents demonstrate that these combination therapies may become important treatment regimens in a variety of cancer types . 
Currently , pemetrexed phase III trials are ongoing in mesothelioma and non-small cell lung cancer with future trials planned to explore this unique multitargeted antifolate . The inhibition of cyclooxygenase ( COX ) -2 confers a small but absolute risk of cardiovascular events on patients taking nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( NSAIDs ) . 
This risk has been established by placebo-controlled trials of NSAIDs selective for COX-2; traditional NSAIDs seem to be heterogeneous with respect to cardiovascular risk . 
The American Heart Association ( AHA ) has proposed a 'stepped-care' approach to the use of NSAIDs in patients with cardiovascular disease , whereas the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) has failed to approve the COX-2-selective NSAID etoricoxib . 
In this article , these actions of the AHA and the FDA are interpreted in the light of current knowledge , prompting the formulation of scientific questions that might be addressed . Cerivastatin is used in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia to inhibit 3-hydroxy 3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase and thus prevent the synthesis of cholesterol precursors , such as farnesyl pyrophosphate ( FPP ) and geranylgeranyl pyrophosphate ( GGPP ) , responsible , respectively , for translocation of Ras and Rho to the cell membrane , a step required for their cell signaling , leading to cell proliferation and migration . 
Recently , it has been suggested that non lipid-related effects of statins could play a beneficial role in cancer therapy . 
In this study , we have investigated the mechanisms by which statins inhibit cancer and the types of cancers which could benefit from this therapy . 
In MDA-MB-231 cells , an aggressive breast cancer cell line with spontaneous activation of Ras and NFkappaB and overexpression of RhoA , cerivastatin induced inhibition of both cell proliferation and invasion through Matrigel . 
This anti-proliferative effect was related to G ( 1 ) / S arrest due to an increase in p21 ( Waf1 / Cip1 ) . 
The anti-invasive effect was observed from 18 h and could be explained by RhoA delocalization from the cell membrane , resulting in disorganization of the actin fibers and disappearance of focal adhesion sites . 
The importance of RhoA inactivation in both these inhibitory effects was proved by their reversion by GGPP but not by FPP . 
Moreover , cerivastatin was also shown to induce inactivation of NFkappaB , in a RhoA inhibition-dependent manner , resulting in a decrease in urokinase and metalloproteinase-9 expression , two proteases involved in cell migration . 
The participation of Ras inactivation is considered a subsidiary mechanism for the effects of cerivastatin , as they were not rescued by FPP . 
Prolonged treatment of MDA-MB-231 cells with high doses of cerivastatin induced a loss of cell attachment . 
Interestingly , the effect of cerivastatin was considerably lower on poorly invasive MCF-7 cells . 
In conclusion , our results suggest that cerivastatin inhibits cell signaling pathways involved in the invasiveness and metastatic properties of highly invasive cancers . [ Effects and the mechanism of carvedilol on gap junctional intercellular communication in rat myocardium ] . The Streptomyces coelicolor A3 ( 2 ) genome encodes a possible secretion protein , SCO5461 , that shares a 30% homology with the activity domains of two toxic ADP-ribosyltransferases , pierisins and mosquitocidal toxin . 
We found ADP-ribosylating activity for the SCO5461 protein product through its co-incubation with guanosine and NAD ( + ) , which resulted in the formation of N ( 2 ) - ( ADP-ribos-1-yl ) -guanosine ( ( ar2 ) Guo ) , with a K ( m ) value of 110 μM . 
SCO5461 was further found to ADP-ribosylate deoxyguanosine , GMP , dGMP , GTP , dGTP , and cyclic GMP with k ( cat ) values of 150-370 s ( -1 ) . 
Oligo ( dG ) , oligo ( G ) , and yeast tRNA were also ADP-ribosylated by this protein , although with much lower k ( cat ) values of 0 . 2 s ( -1 ) or less . 
SCO5461 showed maximum ADP-ribosylation activity towards guanosine at 30 °C , and maintained 20% of these maximum activity levels even at 0 °C . 
This is the first report of the ADP-ribosylation of guanosine and guanine mononucleotides among the family members of various ADP-ribosylating enzymes . 
We additionally observed secretion of the putative gene product , SCO5461 , in liquid cultures of S . 
coelicolor . 
We thus designated the SCO5461 protein product as S . 
coelicolor ADP-ribosylating protein , ScARP . 
Our current results could offer new insights into not only the ADP-ribosylation of small molecules but also signal transduction events via enzymatic nucleoside modification by toxin-related enzymes . Although the liver is a cadmium-target organ , hepatocyte response involved in its toxicity is not yet elucidated . 
A link between this heavy metal treatment and Stat3 signaling pathways was examined in primary mouse hepatocytes . 
We provided evidence of a novel link among NADPH oxidase and Stat3 signaling , mediated by Src , EGFR , and Erk1 / 2 . 
Cadmium activates NADPH oxidase . 
ROS produced by this oxidase activates Src , enable that in turn , transactivates EGFR that activates Stat3 in tyrosine , allowing its dimerization . 
Also , ROS from NADPH oxidase favors ERK1 / 2 activation that phosphorylates Stat3 in serine , resulting in a compensatory or adaptive survival response such as production of metallothionein-II in short Cd exposure times . 
However , after 12h CdCl2 treatment , cell viability diminished in 50% , accompanied by a drastic decrease of metallothionein-II production , and an increase in p53 activation and the pro-apoptotic protein Bax . There is a growing appreciation that the cyclic adenosine monophosphate ( cAMP ) -protein kinase A ( PKA ) signaling pathway is organized to form transduction units that function to deliver specific messages . 
Such organization results in the local activation of PKA subsets through the generation of confined intracellular gradients of cAMP , but the mechanisms responsible for limiting the diffusion of cAMP largely remain to be clarified . 
In this study , by performing real-time imaging of cAMP , we show that prostaglandin 1 stimulation generates multiple contiguous , intracellular domains with different cAMP concentration in human embryonic kidney 293 cells . 
By using pharmacological and genetic manipulation of phosphodiesterases ( PDEs ) , we demonstrate that compartmentalized PDE4B and PDE4D are responsible for selectively modulating the concentration of cAMP in individual subcellular compartments . 
We propose a model whereby compartmentalized PDEs , rather than representing an enzymatic barrier to cAMP diffusion , act as a sink to drain the second messenger from discrete locations , resulting in multiple and simultaneous domains with different cAMP concentrations irrespective of their distance from the site of cAMP synthesis . Coenzyme Q10 protects Pc12 cells from cisplatin-induced DNA damage and neurotoxicity . Apoptosis is a fundamental biologic process by which metazoan cells orchestrate their own self-demise . 
Genetic analyses of the nematode C elegans identified three core components of the suicide apparatus which include CED-3 , CED-4 , and CED-9 . 
An analogous set of core constituents exists in mammalian cells and includes caspase-9 , Apaf-1 , and bcl-2 / xL , respectively . 
CED-3 and CED-4 , along with their mammalian counterparts , function to kill cells , whereas CED-9 and its mammalian equivalents protect cells from death . 
These central components biochemically intermingle in a ternary complex recently dubbed the "apoptosome . 
" The C elegans protein EGL-1 and its mammalian counterparts , pro-apoptotic members of the bcl-2 family , induce cell death by disrupting apoptosome interactions . 
Thus , EGL-1 may represent a primordial signal integrator for the apoptosome . 
Various biochemical processes including oligomerization , adenosine triphosphate ATP / dATP binding , and cytochrome c interaction play a role in regulating the ternary death complex . 
Recent studies suggest that cell death receptors , such as CD95 , may amplify their suicide signal by activating the apoptosome . 
These mutual associations by core components of the suicide apparatus provide a molecular framework in which diverse death signals likely interface . 
Understanding the apoptosome and its cellular connections will facilitate the design of novel therapeutic strategies for cancer and other disease states in which apoptosis plays a pivotal role . Discovery of oxysterol-derived pharmacological chaperones for NPC1 : implication for the existence of second sterol-binding site . The effects of adulthood olanzapine treatment on cognitive performance and neurotrophic factor content in male and female rats neonatally treated with quinpirole . Recent studies have shown that 24R , 25- ( OH ) ( 2 ) D ( 3 ) mediates its effects on growth plate chondrocytes via membrane receptors . 
This study examined the roles of phospholipase A ( 2 ) ( PLA ( 2 ) ) and cyclooxygenase ( Cox ) in the mechanism of action of 24R , 25- ( OH ) ( 2 ) D ( 3 ) in resting zone chondrocytes in order to determine whether the activity of one or both enzymes provides a regulatory checkpoint in the signaling pathway resulting in increased protein kinase C ( PKC ) activity . 
We also determined whether constitutive or inducible Cox is involved . 
Cultures were incubated with 24R , 25- ( OH ) ( 2 ) D ( 3 ) for 90 min to measure PKC or for 24 h to measure physiological responses ( [ ( 3 ) H ] -thymidine incorporation , alkaline phosphatase-specific activity , [ ( 35 ) S ] -sulfate incorporation ) . 
Based on RT-PCR and Northern blot analysis , resting zone chondrocytes express mRNAs for both Cox-1 and Cox-2 . 
Levels of mRNA for both proteins were unchanged from control levels after a 24-h incubation with 24R , 25- ( OH ) ( 2 ) D ( 3 ) . 
To examine the role of Cox , the cultures were also treated with resveratrol ( a specific inhibitor of Cox-1 ) , NS-398 ( a specific inhibitor of Cox-2 ) , or indomethacin ( a general Cox inhibitor ) . 
Cox-1 inhibition resulted in effects on proliferation , differentiation , and matrix production typical of 24R , 25- ( OH ) ( 2 ) D ( 3 ) . 
In contrast , inhibition of Cox-2 had no effect , indicating that 24R , 25- ( OH ) ( 2 ) D ( 3 ) exerts its effects via Cox-1 . 
Inhibition of Cox-1 also blocked 24R , 25- ( OH ) ( 2 ) D ( 3 ) -dependent increases in PKC . 
Activation of PLA ( 2 ) with melittin inhibited 24R , 25- ( OH ) ( 2 ) D ( 3 ) -dependent stimulation of PKC , and inhibition of PLA ( 2 ) with quinacrine stimulated PKC in response to 24R , 25- ( OH ) ( 2 ) D ( 3 ) . 
Inclusion of resveratrol reduced the melittin-dependent inhibition of PLA ( 2 ) and caused an increase in quinacrine-stimulated PLA ( 2 ) activity . 
Metabolism of arachidonic acid to leukotrienes is not involved in the response to 24R , 25- ( OH ) ( 2 ) D ( 3 ) because inhibition of lipoxygenase had no effect . 
The effect of 24R , 25- ( OH ) ( 2 ) D ( 3 ) was specific because 24S , 25- ( OH ) ( 2 ) D ( 3 ) , the biologically inactive stereoisomer , failed to elicit a response from the cells . 
These results support the hypothesis that 24R , 25- ( OH ) ( 2 ) D ( 3 ) exerts its effects via more than one signaling pathway and that these pathways are interrelated via the modulation of PLA ( 2 ) . 
PKC regulation may occur at multiple stages in the signal transduction cascade . Effects of dopamine receptor agonists and antagonists on catecholamine release in bovine chromaffin cells . p300-mediated acetylation of TRF2 is required for maintaining functional telomeres . Newly observed spontaneous activation of ethephon as a butyrylcholinesterase inhibitor . Reduced synthesis of nitric oxide ( NO ) contributes to the endothelial dysfunction and may be related to limited availability of L-arginine , the common substrate of constitutive nitric-oxide synthase ( NOS ) and cytosolic arginase I and mitochondrial arginase II . 
To determine whether arginases modulate the endothelial NO synthesis , we investigated the effects of the competitive arginase inhibitor N ( omega ) -hydroxy-nor-L-arginine ( Nor-NOHA ) on the activity of NOS , arginases , and L-arginine transporter and on NO release at surface of human umbilical vein endothelial cells ( HUVECs ) . 
In unstimulated cells , Nor-NOHA dose-dependently reduced the arginase activity with maximal inhibition at 20 microM . 
When HUVECs were stimulated by thrombin without extracellular L-arginine , Nor-NOHA dose-dependently increased the NOS activity and the NO release with maximal effects at 20 microM . 
Extracellular L-arginine also dose-dependently increased NO release and arginase activity . 
When HUVECs were stimulated by thrombin in the presence of 100 microM L-arginine , NOS activity and NO release were similar in untreated and Nor-NOHA-treated cells . 
However , despite activation of L-arginine uptake , the inhibition of arginase activity by Nor-NOHA was still significant . 
The depletion of freely exchangeable L-arginine pools with extracellular L-lysine did not prevent Nor-NOHA from increasing the NO release . 
This indicates the presence of pools , which are accessible to NOS and arginase , but not exchangeable . 
Interestingly , the mitochondrial arginase II was constitutively expressed , whereas the cytosolic arginase I was barely detectable in HUVECs . 
These data suggest that endothelial NO synthesis depends on the activity of arginase II in mitochondria and l-arginine carriers in cell membrane . Impact of glucose infusion on the structural and functional characteristics of adipose tissue and on hypothalamic gene expression for appetite regulatory neuropeptides in the sheep fetus during late gestation . The intrarenal factors responsible for hypertension in double-transgenic rats ( dTGR ) harboring human renin and human angiotensinogen genes are unclear . 
The pressure-natriuresis and -diuresis relationships in response to chronic angiotensin-converting enzyme ( ACE ) inhibition and AT1 receptor blockade were evaluated . 
Renal renin-angiotensin and nitric oxide ( NO ) system gene expression was also investigated . 
Six-week-old dTGR were treated for 3 wk with submaximal doses of cilazapril ( 10 mg / kg , orally ) or losartan ( 10 mg / kg , orally ) or with the drug combination . 
In untreated dTGR , pressure-natriuresis relationships were maximally shifted rightward by approximately 70 to 80 mmHg , and both renal blood flow ( RBF ) and GFR were markedly decreased . 
Submaximal cilazapril and losartan dosages both decreased systolic BP by 30 mmHg and shifted the pressure-natriuresis curves leftward by 25 to 30 mmHg . 
Cilazapril increased RBF and GFR to values observed in normotensive control animals but did not significantly affect fractional sodium excretion ( FENa ) or fractional water excretion ( FEH2O ) curves . 
In contrast , losartan had no significant effect on RBF or GFR but shifted the FENa and FEH2O curves leftward . 
The cilazapril and losartan combination completely normalized BP and shifted the pressure-natriuresis curves leftward more than did either drug alone . 
When cilazapril and losartan were administered at higher doses ( 30 mg / kg , orally ) , the two drugs equally shifted the pressure-natriuresis curves leftward , by 50 mmHg . 
Both drugs increased RBF and GFR; however , only losartan shifted FENa and FEH2O curves leftward . 
Human and rat renin and angiotensinogen genes were downregulated in dTGR and were increased by losartan and cilazapril treatments , whereas no changes in the expression of rat ACE and AT1A receptor genes were observed . 
Endothelial NO synthase expression was increased by cilazapril but not by losartan . 
Neither inducible NO synthase nor neural NO synthase gene expression was affected by drug treatments . 
Therefore , submaximal ACE inhibition enhanced sodium excretion mainly by increasing RBF and GFR , whereas submaximal AT1 receptor blockade decreased tubular sodium and water reabsorption . 
The combination of the two drugs produced an additive effect . 
The ACE inhibitor effects may involve increased endothelial NO synthase expression , perhaps related to the inhibition of bradykinin degradation . The cytosolic protein c-FLIP ( cellular Fas-associated death domain-like interleukin 1β-converting enzyme inhibitory protein ) is an inhibitor of death receptor-mediated apoptosis that is up-regulated in a variety of cancers , contributing to apoptosis resistance . 
Several compounds found to restore sensitivity of cancer cells to TRAIL , a TNF family death ligand with promising therapeutic potential , act by targeting c-FLIP ubiquitination and degradation by the proteasome . 
The generation of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) has been implicated in c-FLIP protein degradation . 
However , the mechanism by which ROS post-transcriptionally regulate c-FLIP protein levels is not well understood . 
We show here that treatment of prostate cancer PPC-1 cells with the superoxide generators menadione , paraquat , or buthionine sulfoximine down-regulates c-FLIP long ( c-FLIPL ) protein levels , which is prevented by the proteasome inhibitor MG132 . 
Furthermore , pretreatment of PPC-1 cells with a ROS scavenger prevented ubiquitination and loss of c-FLIPL protein induced by menadione or paraquat . 
We identified lysine 167 as a novel ubiquitination site of c-FLIPL important for ROS-dependent degradation . 
We also identified threonine 166 as a novel phosphorylation site and demonstrate that Thr-166 phosphorylation is required for ROS-induced Lys-167 ubiquitination . 
The mutation of either Thr-166 or Lys-167 was sufficient to stabilize c-FLIP protein levels in PPC-1 , HEK293T , and HeLa cancer cells treated with menadione or paraquat . 
Accordingly , expression of c-FLIP T166A or K167R mutants protected cells from ROS-mediated sensitization to TRAIL-induced cell death . 
Our findings reveal novel ROS-dependent post-translational modifications of the c-FLIP protein that regulate its stability , thus impacting sensitivity of cancer cells to TRAIL . Inhibitors of JAK2 and JAK3 : an update on the patent literature 2010 - 2012 . The protective effects of maqui berry ( Aristotelia chilensis ) extract ( MBE ) and its major anthocyanins [ delphinidin 3 , 5-O-diglucoside ( D3G5G ) and delphinidin 3-O-sambubioside-5-O-glucoside ( D3S5G ) ] against light-induced murine photoreceptor cells ( 661W ) death were evaluated . 
Viability of 661W after light treatment for 24h , assessed by the tetrazolium salt ( WST-8 ) assay and Hoechst 33342 nuclear staining , was improved by addition of MBE , D3G5G , and D3S5G . 
Intracellular radical activation in 661W , evaluated using the reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) -sensitive probe 5- ( and-6 ) -chloromethyl-2 , 7-dichlorodihydro fluorescein diacetate acetyl ester ( CM-H2DCFDA ) , was reduced by MBE and its anthocyanins . 
The anti-apoptosis mechanism of MBE was evaluated by light-induced phosphorylation of p38 . 
MBE significantly suppressed the light-induced phosphorylation of p38 . 
These findings indicate that MBE and its anthocyanidins suppress the light-induced photoreceptor cell death by inhibiting ROS production , suggesting that the inhibition of phosphorylated-p38 may be involved in the underlying mechanism . A molecular mechanism for ibuprofen-mediated RhoA inhibition in neurons . Allosteric site on muscarinic acetylcholine receptors : identification of two amino acids in the muscarinic M2 receptor that account entirely for the M2 / M5 subtype selectivities of some structurally diverse allosteric ligands in N-methylscopolamine-occupied receptors . Colorectal cancer is the second leading cause of cancer mortality in the United States . 
Substantial human and animal data support the ability of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs to cause regression of existing colon tumors and prevent new tumor formation . 
The mechanism by which the nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug sulindac prevents tumor growth is poorly understood and seems complex as sulindac can modulate several growth-related signaling pathways . 
Sulindac metabolites simultaneously ( a ) increase cellular cyclic GMP and subsequently activate cyclic GMP-dependent protein kinase ( PKG ) ; ( b ) activate c-jun NH2-terminal kinase ( JNK ) ; ( c ) inhibit extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1 / 2 ( ERK1 / 2 ) ; and ( d ) decrease beta-catenin protein expression at times and doses consistent with apoptosis . 
The purpose of this study was to determine if PKG , ERK1 / 2 , JNK , and beta-catenin are independent targets for sulindac in vitro . 
Pharmacologic activation of PKG with YC-1 increases JNK phosphorylation and induces apoptosis in colon cancer cells without modulating ERK1 / 2 phosphorylation or beta-catenin protein expression . 
Inhibition of ERK1 / 2 with U0126 induces apoptosis but fails to activate JNK phosphorylation or down-regulate beta-catenin protein expression . 
Cotreatment with U0126 and YC-1 synergistically increases apoptosis in colorectal cancer cells and recapitulates the effects of sulindac treatment on ERK1 / 2 , JNK , and beta-catenin . 
These results indicate that sulindac metabolites modulate ERK1 / 2 and PKG pathways independently in colon cancer cells and suggest that the full apoptotic effect of sulindac is mediated by more than one pathway . 
Using similar combinatorial approaches in vivo may provide more effective , less toxic chemopreventive and chemotherapeutic strategies . 
Such therapies could dramatically reduce the incidence and death rate from colorectal cancer . Immunoregulatory effects of Glycyrrhizic acid exerts anti-asthmatic effects via modulation of Th1 / Th2 cytokines and enhancement of CD4 ( + ) CD25 ( + ) Foxp3 ( + ) regulatory T cells in ovalbumin-sensitized mice . UVA photoirradiation of benzo [ a ] pyrene metabolites : induction of cytotoxicity , reactive oxygen species , and lipid peroxidation . We have cloned the cDNA of the NDUFS5 subunit ( 15 kDa ) of the human mitochondrial respiratory chain complex NADH : ubiquinone oxidoreductase ( complex I ) . 
The open reading frame consists of 321 base-pairs , coding for 106 amino acids , with a calculated molecular mass of 12 . 5 kDa . 
There is an 81 . 0% identity with the bovine equivalent on cDNA level and 74 . 5% identity on amino acid basis . 
PCR analysis of rodent-human somatic cell hybrids revealed that the human NDUFS5 gene maps to chromosome 1 . 
The NDUFS5 mRNA is expressed ubiquitously in human tissues , with a relative higher expression in human heart , skeletal muscle , liver , kidney and fetal heart . 
A mutation detection study of twenty isolated enzymatic complex I-deficient patients revealed no mutations , nor polymorphisms . 1 . 
The actions of the alpha 1-adrenoceptor antagonist tamsulosin have been examined at functional alpha 1-adrenoceptor subtypes and compared with those at the human prostate receptor . 
2 . 
At the alpha 1D-adrenoceptors of the rat aorta , tamsulosin acted as a competitive antagonist with a high affinity ( pKB = 10 . 1 ) . 
3 . 
At the alpha 1B-adrenoceptor of the rat spleen and rabbit corpus cavernosum penis , tamsulosin again acted as a competitive antagonist but with a significantly lower affinity ( pKB = 8 . 9-9 . 2 ) . 
4 . 
Tamsulosin acted as an unsurmountable antagonist of the alpha 1A-adrenoceptor-mediated responses of the rat and human vas deferens , reducing maximal responses to phenylephrine by 20% and 50% , respectively , at an antagonist concentration of 1 nM . 
Responses of depolarized ( 100 mM KCl ) rat vas deferens preparations were unaffected by 10 nM tamsulosin but this concentration reduced maximal responses to 5-hydroxytryptamine ( 5-HT ) in this tissue . 
5 . 
When longer antagonist incubation periods ( > or = 60 min ) were used , tamsulosin behaved as a competitive antagonist on the human prostate with a significantly higher affinity ( pKB = 10 . 0 ) than obtained at the alpha 1B-adrenoceptor . 
6 . 
The data demonstrate that tamsulosin is a high affinity antagonist at functional alpha 1-adrenoceptors with a selectivity alpha 1D > or = alpha 1A > alpha 1B . 
In some tissues the compound exhibits an additional unsurmountable antagonist action , the clinical significance of which is unknown . To overcome the limitations of in vitro exposure of submerged lung cells to nanoparticles ( NPs ) , we validated an integrated low flow system capable of generating and depositing airborne NPs directly onto cells at an air-liquid interface ( ALI ) . 
The in vitro exposure system was shown to provide uniform and controlled dosing of particles with 70 . 3% efficiency to epithelial cells grown on transwells . 
This system delivered a continuous airborne exposure of NPs to lung cells without loss of cell viability in repeated 4h exposure periods . 
We sequentially exposed cells to air-delivered copper ( Cu ) NPs in vitro to compare toxicity results to our prior in vivo inhalation studies . 
The evaluation of cellular dosimetry indicated that a large amount of Cu was taken up , dissolved and released into the basolateral medium ( 62% of total mass ) . 
Exposure to Cu NPs decreased cell viability to 73% ( p<0 . 01 ) and significantly ( p<0 . 05 ) elevated levels of lactate dehydrogenase , intracellular reactive oxygen species and interleukin-8 that mirrored our findings from subacute in vivo inhalation studies in mice . 
Our results show that this exposure system is useful for screening of NP toxicity in a manner that represents cellular responses of the pulmonary epithelium in vivo . Androgen insensitivity syndrome . Molecular Dynamics Simulations of DPPC Bilayers Using "LIME" , a New Coarse-Grained Model . Abstract This study aimed to investigate the role of Salvia triloba L . 
and Piper nigrum extracts in ameliorating neuroinflammatory insults characteristic of Alzheimer's disease ( AD ) in an experimentally induced rat model . 
Adult male Sprague-Dawley rats were classified into Group 1 ( n = 10 ) : normal healthy animals serving as the negative control group; Group 2 ( n = 60 ) : the AD-induced group . 
After AD induction , animals in the AD-induced group were divided randomly and equally into 6 subgroups . 
The first subgroup served as AD control; the second one , which served as positive control , was treated orally with the conventional therapy for AD ( rivastigmine ) at a dose of 0 . 3 mg / kg body weight ( b . 
w . 
) daily for 3 months . 
The third and fourth subgroups were , respectively , treated orally with the S . 
triloba extract at a dose of 750 and 375 mg / kg b . 
w . 
daily for 3 months . 
The fifth and sixth subgroups were , respectively , treated orally with the P . 
nigrum extract at a dose of 187 . 5 and 93 . 75 mg / kg b . 
w . 
daily for 3 months . 
Levels of brain acetylcholine ( Ach ) , serum and brain acetylcholinesterase ( AchE ) activity , C-reactive protein ( CRP ) , total nuclear factor kappa-B ( NF-κB ) , and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 ( MCP-1 ) were estimated . 
The results showed that administration of AlCl3 resulted in a significant elevation in the levels of AchE activity , CRP , NF-κB , and MCP-1 accompanied with a significant depletion in the Ach level . 
Treatment of AD rats with each of the selected medicinal plant extracts caused marked improvement in the measured biochemical parameters . 
In conclusion , S . 
triloba and P . 
nigrum methanolic extracts have potent anti-inflammatory effects against neuroinflammation characterizing AD . OBJECTIVES : It has been suggested that estrogen may improve endothelial cell function to delay the onset of atherosclerosis in pre-menopausal females , though its mechanism of action is not fully understood . 
We examined the hypothesis that human estrogen receptor-alpha ( ER alpha ) gene transfection improves the endothelial cell function . 
METHODS : A replication deficient adenoviral vector was used to transfect the ER alpha gene into bovine aortic endothelial cells ( BAEC ) and a GFP gene containing vector was used as control . 
Expression of the eNOS gene was determined by Northern blot analysis and enzyme activity assay; cell migration was assayed using a Transwell apparatus; and tyrosine phosphorylation of FAK was estimated by Western blot analysis . 
RESULTS : ER alpha gene transfection of endothelial cells produced a 2-3-fold increase in eNOS mRNA and protein levels as well as a significant increase ( P < 0 . 05 ) in NOS activity as measured by citrulline assay and nitrite accumulation in the media in response to bradykinin stimulation . 
Treatment of cells with estrogen blocking agent ICI 182780 inhibited eNOS induction in response to ER alpha transfection . 
ER alpha gene transfection significantly inhibited ( P < 0 . 05 ) bFGF-induced chemotactic migration of endothelial cells but increased cell attachment to fibronectin , laminin , and type I and IV collagens . 
ER alpha gene transfer also inhibited bFGF-stimulated tyrosine phosphorylation of FAK . 
CONCLUSION : Our results suggest that the atheroprotective effects of estrogen may in part be mediated by ER alpha-induced upregulation of eNOS gene expression and maintenance of endothelial cell function and integrity . A pilot study of IL-1 inhibition by anakinra in acute gout . Effect of copper overload on the survival of HepG2 and A-549 human-derived cells . Micro-array analysis of resistance for gemcitabine results in increased expression of ribonucleotide reductase subunits . Dung-shen ( Codonopsis pilosula ) attenuated the cardiac-impaired insulin-like growth factor II receptor pathway on myocardial cells . l-Deprenyl ( selegiline ) , an irreversible and selective inhibitor of monoamine oxidase type B ( MAO-B ) , is rapidly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and distributed into tissues . 
The reaction between MAO and selegiline takes place in two steps . 
The initial reversible reaction is followed by an irreversible reaction in which selegiline is bound covalently to the flavin part of the enzyme . 
Studies with positron emission tomography have shown retention of selegiline in brain areas with high MAO-B activity , including striatal structures , hippocampus , thalamus , and substantia nigra . 
Inhibition of MAO-B in vivo takes place rapidly; for example , platelet MAO is inhibited almost totally within the first 60 minutes after a single 10 mg oral dose of the drug . 
The recovery of MAO after inhibition depends on the organ and species in question . 
In rat brain the half-life of recovery in the brain is approximately 8 to 12 days; in rat liver it is shorter , 1 to 3 days . 
Selegiline is metabolized into l- ( - ) -desmethylselegiline , l- ( - ) -methamphetamine , and l- ( - ) -amphetamine mainly in the liver through the microsomal P-450 system . 
The stereoselectivity of the metabolites is maintained; no racemic transformation takes place . 
All three main metabolites are found in human serum , cerebrospinal fluid , and urine , and l- ( - ) -methamphetamine accounts for most of the metabolite pool . 
The metabolites are excreted mainly via urine l- ( - ) -Desmethylselegiline has been shown to be an irreversible inhibitor of MAO-B in the rat and in humans . Tomatidine inhibits invasion of human lung adenocarcinoma cell A549 by reducing matrix metalloproteinases expression . Inflammatory bowel disease is an urgent public health problem with a high incidence in developed countries . 
Alterations of lifestyle or dietary interventions may attenuate the disease progression and increase the efficacy of current therapies . 
Here we tested the effect of chronic supplementation with a mineral extract from red marine algae - rich in calcium ( 34% ) , magnesium , phosphorus , selenium and other trace minerals - in a clinically relevant model of spontaneous enterocolitis , interleukin ( IL ) -10 ( - / - ) mice . 
The mineral extract was administered in the drinking water of Il10 ( - / - ) mice on C57BL / 6 J and BALB / c strain backgrounds for 25 weeks commencing from 3 to 4 weeks of age . 
The mineral extract ameliorated the spontaneous development of colitis and severity of disease in Il10 ( - / - ) mice on a C57BL / 6 J background . 
Mineral extract-treated Il10 ( - / - ) C57BL / 6 J strain mice had significantly reduced mortality , circulating levels of serum Amyloid A and reduced colonic tissue damage . 
In contrast , comparable treatment of Il10 ( - / - ) mice on a BALB / c background with the mineral extract did not alter the course of colitis . 
These data demonstrate that chronic supplementation with a natural mineral extract selectively ameliorates spontaneous mild-moderate colitis in Il10 ( - / - ) mice on a C57BL / 6 J , but does not attenuate more moderate-severe colitis in BALB / c strain animals . 
Copyright © 2013 John Wiley & Sons , Ltd . Anti-aging molecule , Sirt1 : a novel therapeutic target for diabetic nephropathy . The small GTPase Rac1 has been widely implicated in mammary tumorigenesis and metastasis . 
Previous studies established that stimulation of ErbB receptors in breast cancer cells activates Rac1 and enhances motility via the Rac-guanine nucleotide exchange factor P-Rex1 . 
As the Janus tyrosine kinase 2 ( Jak2 ) / signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 ( Stat3 ) pathway has been shown to be functionally associated with ErbB receptors , we asked if this pathway could mediate P-Rex1 / Rac1 activation in response to ErbB ligands . 
Here we found that the anticancer agent cucurbitacin I , a Jak2 inhibitor , reduced the activation of Rac1 and motility in response to the ErbB3 ligand heregulin in breast cancer cells . 
However , Rac1 activation was not affected by Jak2 or Stat3 RNA interference , suggesting that the effect of cucurbitacin I occurs through a Jak2-independent mechanism . 
Cucurbitacin I also failed to affect the activation of P-Rex1 by heregulin . 
Subsequent analysis revealed that cucurbitacin I strongly activates RhoA and the Rho effector Rho kinase ( ROCK ) in breast cancer cells and induces the formation of stress fibers . 
Interestingly , disruption of the RhoA-ROCK pathway prevented the inhibitory effect of cucurbitacin I on Rac1 activation by heregulin . 
Lastly , we found that RhoA activation by cucurbitacin I is mediated by reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) . 
The ROS scavenger N-acetyl l-cysteine and the mitochondrial antioxidant Mito-TEMPO rescued the inhibitory effect of cucurbitacin I on Rac1 activation . 
In conclusion , these results indicate that ErbB-driven Rac1 activation in breast cancer cells proceeds independently of the Jak2 pathway . 
Moreover , they established that the inhibitory effect of cucurbitacin I on Rac1 activity involves the alteration of the balance between Rho and Rac . Distinct pharmacologic properties of neuromuscular blocking agents on human neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptors : a possible explanation for the train-of-four fade . The active-site residue tyr-175 in human glyoxalase II contributes to binding of glutathione derivatives . The ability of sorafenib to inhibit oncogenic PDGFRbeta and FLT3 mutants and overcome resistance to other small molecule inhibitors . Coming full circle : contributions of central and peripheral oxytocin actions to energy balance . A novel hepatointestinal leukotriene B4 receptor . 
Cloning and functional characterization . Inhibition of the high affinity Fc receptor ( Fc gamma RI ) on human monocytes by porphyrin photosensitization is highly specific and mediated by the generation of superoxide radicals . Unwanted side effects of pharmacologically active compounds can usually be eliminated by structural modifications . 
But the complex heterogeneous structure of the polysaccharide heparin has limited this approach to fragmentation , leading to slightly better-tolerated heparin preparations of low molecular mass . 
Despite this improvement , heparin-induced thrombocytopaenia ( HIT ) , related to an interaction with platelet factor 4 ( PF4 ) and , to a lesser extent , haemorrhages , remain significant side effects of heparinotherapy . 
Breakthroughs in oligosaccharide chemistry made possible the total synthesis of the pentasaccharide antithrombin-binding site of heparin . 
This pentasaccharide represents a new family of potential antithrombotic drugs , devoid of thrombin inhibitory properties , and free of undesired interactions with blood and vessel components . 
To obtain more potent and well-tolerated antithrombotic drugs , we wished to synthesize heparin mimetics able to inhibit thrombin , that is , longer oligosaccharides . 
Like thrombin inhibition , undesired interactions are directly correlated to the charge and the size of the molecules , so we had to design structures that were able to discriminate between thrombin and other proteins , particularly PF4 . 
Here we describe the use of multistep converging synthesis to obtain sulphated oligosaccharides that meet these requirements . Full agonists to the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor ( PPAR ) γ , such as Rosiglitazone , have been associated with a series of undesired side effects , such as weight gain , fluid retention , cardiac hypertrophy , and hepatotoxicity . 
Nevertheless , PPARγ is involved in the expression of genes that control glucose and lipid metabolism and is an important target for drugs against type 2 diabetes , dyslipidemia , atherosclerosis , and cardiovascular disease . 
In an effort to identify novel PPARγ ligands with an improved pharmacological profile , emphasis has shifted to selective ligands with partial agonist binding properties . 
Toward this end we applied an integrated in silico / in vitro workflow , based on pharmacophore- and structure-based virtual screening of the ZINC library , coupled with competitive binding and transactivation assays , and adipocyte differentiation and gene expression studies . 
Hit compound 9 was identified as the most potent ligand ( IC50 = 0 . 3 μM ) and a relatively poor inducer of adipocyte differentiation . 
The binding mode of compound 9 was confirmed by molecular dynamics simulation , and the calculated free energy of binding was -8 . 4 kcal / mol . 
A novel functional group , the carbonitrile group , was identified to be a key substituent in the ligand-protein interactions . 
Further studies on the transcriptional regulation properties of compound 9 revealed a gene regulatory profile that was to a large extent unique , however functionally closer to that of a partial agonist . Viability assessment in sandwich-cultured rat hepatocytes after xenobiotic exposure . Volatile anesthetics at concentrations that are used in clinical practice to induce anesthesia selectively inhibit activity of the plasma membrane Ca ( 2 + ) -transport ATPase ( Kosk-Kosicka , D . 
, and Roszczynska , G . 
( 1993 ) Anesthesiology 79 , 774-780 ) . 
We have investigated the mechanism of the inhibitory action of several anesthetics on the purified erythrocyte Ca ( 2 + ) -ATPase by employing fluorescence spectroscopy measurements that report changes in the environment of intrinsic tryptophans and of an extrinsic probe attached in the active site of the enzyme . 
We have shown that the observed inhibition of the Ca ( 2 + ) -dependent activation of the enzyme correlates well with the elimination of the Ca ( 2 + ) -induced conformation change that is important for the proper function of the enzyme . 
Analysis of the anesthetics effects on the total tryptophan fluorescence indicates a significant effect on enzyme conformation . 
Similar changes have been observed in the sarcoplasmic reticulum Ca ( 2 + ) -ATPase . 
We propose that volatile anesthetics inhibit Ca ( 2 + ) -ATPase by interacting with nonpolar sites in protein interior , in analogy to the binding demonstrated for myoglobin , hemoglobin , and adenylate kinase ( Schoenborn , B . 
P . 
, and Featherstone , R . 
M . 
( 1967 ) Adv . 
Pharmacol . 
5 , 1-17; Tilton , R . 
F . 
, Kuntz , I . 
D . 
, and Petsko , G . 
A . 
( 1984 ) Biochemistry 23 , 2849-2857 ) . 
Such binding is expected to modify conformational substate ( s ) of the enzyme and perturb its function . 
We view this process as an example of a general phenomena of interaction of small molecules with internal sites in proteins . An article presented in this issue of Molecular Pharmacology ( p . 
1527 ) provides an intriguing example of how tyrosine kinase inhibitors can be put to many uses . 
In this article , the action of dasatinib ( BMS-354825 ) is contrasted with that of imatinib , a kinase inhibitor that is currently being used to treat chronic myelogenous leukemia and other disorders . 
Both pharmacologic inhibitors target several tyrosine kinases , including Bcr-Abl and the platelet-derived growth factor receptor ( PDGFR ) . 
Up to this point , the PDGFR has not been a primary therapeutic target for this class of agents . 
The work of Chen and colleagues shows that dasatinib is a particularly potent inhibitor of PDGFR and that the compound also targets Src kinase . 
The authors suggest that this combination of activities could be useful in the treatment of vascular obstructive diseases . 
Although a lack of absolute specificity has typically been regarded as a pharmacologic drawback , this study exemplifies how drugs with multiple molecular targets can potentially provide a very beneficial spectrum of therapeutic activities in multiple disease states . BACKGROUND : The opioid agonist meperidine has actions , such as antishivering , that are more pronounced than those of other opioid agonists and that are not blocked with nonselective opioid antagonists . 
Agonists at the alpha ( 2 ) adrenoceptors , such as clonidine , are very effective antishivering drugs . 
Preliminary evidence also indicates that meperidine interacts with alpha ( 2 ) adrenoceptors . 
The authors therefore studied the ability of meperidine to bind and activate each of the alpha ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor subtypes in a transfected cell system . 
METHODS : The ability of meperidine to bind to and inhibit forskolin-stimulated cyclic adenosine monophosphate formation as mediated by the three alpha ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor subtypes transiently transfected into COS-7 cells has been tested . 
The ability of the opioid antagonist naloxone and the alpha ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor antagonists yohimbine and RX821002 to block the analgesic action of meperidine in the hot-plate test was also assessed . 
The ability of meperidine to fit into the alpha ( 2B ) adrenoceptor was assessed using molecular modeling techniques . 
RESULTS : Meperidine bound to all alpha2-adrenoceptor subtypes , with alpha ( 2B ) having the highest affinity ( alpha ( 2B ) , 8 . 6 + / - 0 . 3 microm; alpha ( 2C ) , 13 . 6 + / - 1 . 5 microm , P < 0 . 05; alpha ( 2A ) , 38 . 6 + / - 0 . 7 microm ) . 
Morphine was ineffective at binding to any of the receptor subtypes . 
Meperidine inhibited the production of forskolin-stimulated cyclic adenosine monophosphate mediated by all receptor subtypes but was most effective at the alpha ( 2B ) adrenoceptor ( alpha ( 2B ) , 0 . 6 microm; alpha ( 2A ) , 1 . 3 mm; alpha ( 2C ) , 0 . 3 mm ) , reaching the same level of inhibition ( approximately 70% ) as achieved with the alpha2-adrenoceptor agonist dexmedetomidine . 
The analgesic action of meperidine was blocked by naloxone but not by the alpha 2-adrenoceptor antagonists yohimbine and RX821002 . 
The modeling studies demonstrated that meperidine can fit into the alpha ( 2B ) -adrenoceptor subtype . 
CONCLUSION : Meperidine is a potent agonist at the alpha2 adrenoceptors at its clinically relevant concentrations , especially at the alpha ( 2B ) -adrenoceptor subtype . 
Activation of the alpha ( 2B ) receptor does not contribute significantly to the analgesic action of meperidine . 
This raises the possibility that some of its actions , such as antishivering , are transduced by this mechanism . Cereblon is a direct protein target for immunomodulatory and antiproliferative activities of lenalidomide and pomalidomide . Adenosine kinase from rat liver : new biochemical properties . The Prevalence of Meeting A1C , Blood Pressure , and LDL Goals Among People With Diabetes , 1988-2010 . Effect of pH on the structure and stability of Bacillus circulans ssp . 
alkalophilus phosphoserine aminotransferase : thermodynamic and crystallographic studies . Evaluation of histamine H1- , H2- , and H3-receptor ligands at the human histamine H4 receptor : identification of 4-methylhistamine as the first potent and selective H4 receptor agonist . Discovery and optimization of anthranilic acid sulfonamides as inhibitors of methionine aminopeptidase-2 : a structural basis for the reduction of albumin binding . Resistance to conventional insecticides in Pakistani populations of Musca domestica L . 
( Diptera : Muscidae ) : a potential ectoparasite of dairy animals . Deprenyl is a selective , irreversible inhibitor of monoamine oxidase type-B ( MAO-B ) . 
In prolonged treatment ( 0 . 05-0 . 25 mg / kg , sc daily ) in spite of the irreversible blocking , selective inhibition pattern of MAO was maintained . 
14C-Deprenyl is well absorbed after oral or subcutaneous administration and penetrates rapidly to the central nervous system . 
When it is given intravenously its highest brain concentration is reached within 30 sec but radioactivity rapidly disappears from the central nervous system . 
Deprenyl is metabolized to amphetamine and methylamphetamine in rats without producing a remarkable sign of psychostimulant activity . 
This could partly be due to the distribution properties of deprenyl e . 
g . 
low detectable level of radioactivity in the brain after 1-2 min and partly to the fact that from ( - ) -deprenyl ( - ) -amphetamines , which have less psychostimulant activity than the ( + ) -isomere , are formed . OBJECTIVE : The aim of the present study was to identify a small , metabolically stable somatotropin release inhibiting factor ( SRIF ) analog with a more universal binding profile similar to that of natural somatostatin , resulting in improved pharmacological properties and hence new therapeutic uses . 
DESIGN : A rational drug design approach was followed by synthesizing alanine-substituted SRIF-14 analogs to determine the importance of single amino acids in SRIF-14 for SRIF receptor subtype binding . 
The incorporation of structural elements of SRIF-14 in a stable cyclohexapeptide template in the form of modified unnatural amino acids resulted in the identification of the novel cyclohexapeptide SOM230 . 
RESULTS : SOM230 binds with high affinity to SRIF receptor subtypes sst1 , sst2 , sst3 and sst5 and displays a 30- to 40-fold higher affinity for sst1 and sst5 than Sandostatin ( octreotide; SMS 201-995 ) or Somatuline ( BIM 23014 ) . 
In vitro , SOM230 effectively inhibited the growth hormone releasing hormone ( GHRH ) -induced growth hormone ( GH ) release in primary cultures of rat pituitary cells with an IC ( 50 ) of 0 . 4 + / -0 . 1 nmol / l ( n = 5 ) . 
In vivo , SOM230 also potently suppressed GH secretion in rats . 
The ED ( 50 ) values determined at 1 h and 6 h post injection of SOM230 indicated its very long duration of action in vivo . 
This property was also reflected in pharmacokinetic studies comparing plasma levels of SMS 201-995 and SOM230 after subcutaneous application . 
Whereas SMS 201-995 had a terminal elimination half life of 2 h , this was markedly prolonged in SOM230-treated animals ( t ( 1 / 2 ) = 23 h ) . 
Furthermore , in rats SOM230 demonstrated a much higher efficacy in lowering plasma insulin-like growth factor-I ( IGF-I ) levels compared with SMS 201-995 . 
The infusion of 10 microg / kg / h of SOM230 using subcutaneously implanted minipumps decreased plasma IGF-I levels far more effectively than SMS 201-995 . 
After 126 days of continuous infusion of SOM230 plasma IGF-I levels were decreased by 75% of placebo-treated control animals . 
For comparison SMS 201-995 , when used under the same experimental conditions , resulted in only a 28% reduction of plasma IGF-I levels , indicating a much higher efficacy for SOM230 in this animal model . 
It is important to note that the inhibitory effect of SOM230 was relatively selective for GH and IGF-I in that insulin and glucagon secretion was inhibited only at higher doses of SOM230 . 
This lack of potent inhibition of insulin and glucagon release was also reflected in the lack of effect on plasma glucose levels . 
Even after high dose treatment over 126 days no obvious adverse side effects were noticed , including changes in plasma glucose levels . 
CONCLUSION : We have identified a novel short synthetic SRIF peptidomimetic , which exhibits high affinity binding to four of the five human SRIF receptor subtypes and has potent , long lasting inhibitory effects on GH and IGF-I release . 
Therefore SOM230 is a promising development candidate for effective GH and IGF-I inhibition and is currently under evaluation in phase 1 clinical trials . 2-aminothiazoles with improved pharmacotherapeutic properties for treatment of prion disease . Abstract 1 . 
IPI-926 is a novel semisynthetic cyclopamine derivative that is a potent and selective Smoothened inhibitor that blocks the hedgehog signal transduction pathway . 
2 . 
The in vivo clearance of IPI-926 is low in mouse and dog and moderate in monkey . 
The volume of distribution is high across species . 
Oral bioavailability ranges from moderate in monkey to high in mouse and dog . 
Predicted human clearance using simple allometry is low ( 24 L h ( -1 ) ) , predicted volume of distribution is high ( 469 L ) and predicted half-life is long ( 20 h ) . 
3 . 
IPI-926 is highly bound to plasma proteins and has minimal interaction with human α-1-acid glycoprotein . 
4 . 
In vitro metabolic stability ranges from stable to moderately stable . 
Twelve oxidative metabolites were detected in mouse , rat , dog , monkey and human liver microsome incubations and none were unique to human . 
5 . 
IPI-926 is not a potent reversible inhibitor of CYP1A2 , 2C8 , 2C9 or 3A4 ( testosterone ) . 
IPI-926 is a moderate inhibitor of CYP2C19 , 2D6 and 3A4 ( midazolam ) with KI values of 19 , 16 and 4 . 5 µM , respectively . 
IPI-926 is both a substrate and inhibitor ( IC50 = 1 . 9 µM ) of P-glycoprotein . 
6 . 
In summary , IPI-926 has desirable pre-clinical absorption , distribution , metabolism and excretion properties . Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( COPD ) is an increasing global health problem and cause of death . 
COPD is a chronic inflammatory disease predominantly affecting small airways and lung parenchyma that leads to progressive airway obstruction . 
However , current therapies fail to prevent either disease progression or mortality . 
The mainstay of current drug therapy is long-acting bronchodilators . 
Several once daily inhaled β2-agonists and muscarinic antagonists ( and combinations ) are now in development . 
No treatments effectively suppress chronic inflammation in COPD lungs . 
With better understanding of the inflammatory and destructive process in the pathophysiology of COPD , several new therapeutic targets have been identified . 
Several mediator antagonists or inhibitors tested in COPD have so far been disappointing , but CXCR2 antagonists that block pulmonary neutrophil and monocyte recruitment are more promising . 
Broad spectrum anti-inflammatory drugs may be more effective , and include inhibitors of the proinflammatory enzymes phosphodiesterase-4 , p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase , Janus kinases , NF-κB kinase and PI3 kinase-γ and -δ , but side effects after oral administration are a major limitation so that in future inhaled delivery may be necessary . 
A new promising approach is reversal of corticosteroid resistance through increasing histone deacetylase-2 ( HDAC2 ) activity . 
This might be achieved by existing treatments such as theophylline , nortriptyline and macrolides , or more selectively by PI3 kinase-δ inhibitors . 
Thus although there have been major advances in the development of long-acting bronchodilators for COPD , it has proved difficult to find anti-inflammatory treatments that are safe and effective . Modulation of cellular insulin signaling and PTP1B effects by lipid metabolites in skeletal muscle cells . Colorectal cancer is a leading cause of cancer mortality with a complex carcinogenesis that includes reduced cellular senescence . 
Lamin proteins are decreased in senescing cells , and frequently decreased in malignancies . 
This study identified a new drug candidate for colorectal cancer that appears to target cell senescence via a lamin protein . 
β-Asarone ( 1-propenyl-2 , 4 , 5-methoxybenzol ) is a compound from the traditional medical herb Acorus calamus Linn . 
This study tested the in vitro and in vivo effects of β-asarone on colorectal cancer cells by testing cell viability using human colorectal cell lines HT29 and SW480 in MTT assays; tumorigenesis using xenografts in nude mice and a mouse model of colorectal cancer; cell senescence using senescence-associated β-galactosidase activity; and expression of cancer and senescence-related proteins , specifically lamins , Oct-1 , p53 , p21 , and p15 , by Western blot . 
β-Asarone appeared to increase expression of lamin B1 , p53 , p21 , but not lamin A / C . 
β-Asarone regulates p15 expression by regulation of Oct-1 binding . 
Collectively , the results suggested that β-asarone inhibits colon cancer formation in vivo and in vitro by inducing senescence . 
Since β-asarone induced lamin B1 expression , a model is proposed in which β-asarone inhibits colorectal cancer by inducing senescence through lamin B1 . The R740S mutation in the V-ATPase a3 subunit increases lysosomal pH , impairs NFATc1 translocation , and decreases in vitro osteoclastogenesis . Understanding the molecular evolution of genes that underlie intraspecific polymorphisms can provide insights into the process of adaptive evolution . 
For adaptive polymorphisms characterized by gene presence / absence ( P / A ) variation , underlying loci commonly show signatures of long-term balancing selection , with gene-presence and gene-absence alleles maintained as two divergent lineages . 
We examined the molecular evolution of two unlinked P / A polymorphisms that underlie a well-documented adaptive polymorphism for cyanogenesis ( hydrogen cyanide release with tissue damage ) in white clover . 
Both cyanogenic and acyanogenic plants occur in this species , and the ecological forces that maintain this chemical defence polymorphism have been studied for several decades . 
Using a sample of 65 plants , we investigated the molecular evolution of sequences flanking the two underlying cyanogenesis genes : Ac / ac ( controlling the presence / absence of cyanogenic glucosides ) and Li / li ( controlling the presence / absence of their hydrolysing enzyme , linamarase ) . 
A combination of genome walking , PCR assays , DNA sequence analysis and Southern blotting was used to test whether these adaptive P / A polymorphisms show evidence of long-term balancing selection , or whether gene-absence alleles have evolved repeatedly through independent deletion events . 
For both loci , we detect no signatures of balancing selection in the closest flanking genomic sequences . 
Instead , we find evidence for variation in the size of the deletions characterizing gene-absence alleles . 
These observations strongly suggest that both of these polymorphisms have been evolving through recurrent gene deletions over time . 
We discuss the genetic mechanisms that could account for this surprising pattern and the implications of these findings for mechanisms of rapid adaptive evolution in white clover . Current understanding of TRPM7 pharmacology and drug development for stroke . Evaluation of food-drug interaction of guava leaf tea . Immunophilins are Involved in the Altered Platelet Aggregation Observed in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus . The catechol-O-methyltransferase ( COMT ) Val158Met polymorphism may be a risk factor for nicotine addiction . 
This study examined the influence of the COMT Val158Met polymorphism on subjective , physiological and cognitive effects of intravenous ( IV ) nicotine use in African Americans ( AAs; n = 56 ) and European Americans ( EAs; n = 68 ) smokers . 
Overnight abstinent smokers received saline followed by 0 . 5 and 1 . 0 mg per 70 kg doses of nicotine , administered 30 min apart . 
Smokers with valine ( Val ) / Val genotype , compared with methionine ( Met ) carriers , had greater negative subjective effects from IV nicotine and had more severe withdrawal severity following overnight abstinence from smoking . 
Women with Val / Val genotype reported greater difficulty concentrating and irritability than men with Val / Val or Met carrier genotypes . 
The Val / Val genotype was associated with better performance on the math task and in AA smokers it was associated with greater systolic blood pressure . 
These results support the rationale of pharmacologically inhibiting COMT to aid with smoking cessation among Val / Val genotype smokers . 
The Pharmacogenomics Journal advance online publication , 5 March 2013; doi : 10 . 1038 / tpj . 2013 . 1 . Up-regulation of spermidine / spermine N1-acetyltransferase ( SSAT ) expression is a part of proliferative but not anabolic response of mouse kidney . We have previously reported that NADPH oxidase 2 ( Nox2 ) is up-regulated in spinal cord microglia after spinal nerve injury , demonstrating that it is critical for microglia activation and subsequent pain hypersensitivity . 
However , the mechanisms and molecules involved in Nox2 induction have not been elucidated . 
Previous studies have shown that Toll-like receptors ( TLRs ) are involved in nerve injury-induced spinal cord microglia activation . 
In this study , we investigated the role of TLR in Nox2 expression in spinal cord microglia after peripheral nerve injury . 
Studies using TLR knock-out mice have shown that nerve injury-induced microglial Nox2 up-regulation is abrogated in TLR2 but not in TLR3 or -4 knock-out mice . 
Intrathecal injection of lipoteichoic acid , a TLR2 agonist , induced Nox2 expression in spinal cord microglia both at the mRNA and protein levels . 
Similarly , lipoteichoic acid stimulation induced Nox2 expression and reactive oxygen species production in primary spinal cord glial cells in vitro . 
Studies on intracellular signaling pathways indicate that NF-κB and p38 MAP kinase activation is required for TLR2-induced Nox2 expression in glial cells . 
Conclusively , our data show that TLR2 mediates nerve injury-induced Nox2 gene expression in spinal cord microglia via NF-κB and p38 activation and thereby may contribute to spinal cord microglia activation . A total of 68 chemicals including derivatives of naphthalene , phenanthrene , fluoranthene , pyrene , biphenyl , and flavone were examined for their abilities to interact with human P450s 2A13 and 2A6 . 
Fifty-one of these 68 chemicals induced stronger Type I binding spectra ( iron low- to high-spin state shift ) with P450 2A13 than those seen with P450 2A6 , i . 
e . 
, the spectral binding intensities ( ΔAmax / Ks ratio ) determined with these chemicals were always higher for P450 2A13 . 
In addition , benzo [ c ] phenanthrene , fluoranthene , 2 , 3-dihydroxy-2 , 3-dihydrofluoranthene , pyrene , 1-hydroxypyrene , 1-nitropyrene , 1-acetylpyrene , 2-acetylpyrene , 2 , 5 , 2' , 5'-tetrachlorobiphenyl , 7-hydroxyflavone , chrysin , and galangin were found to induce a Type I spectral change only with P450 2A13 . 
Coumarin 7-hydroxylation , catalyzed by P450 2A13 , was strongly inhibited by 2'-methoxy-5 , 7-dihydroxyflavone , 2-ethynylnaphthalene , 2'-methoxyflavone , 2-naphththalene propargyl ether , acenaphthene , acenaphthylene , naphthalene , 1-acetylpyrene , flavanone , chrysin , 3-ethynylphenanthrene , flavone , and 7-hydroxyflavone; these chemicals induced Type I spectral changes with low Ks values . 
On the basis of the intensities of the spectral changes and inhibition of P450 2A13 , we classified the 68 chemicals into eight groups based on the order of affinities for these chemicals and inhibition of P450 2A13 . 
The metabolism of chemicals by P450 2A13 during the assays explained why some of the chemicals that bound well were poor inhibitors of P450 2A13 . 
Finally , we compared the 68 chemicals for their abilities to induce Type I spectral changes of P450 2A13 with the Reverse Type I binding spectra observed with P450 1B1 : 45 chemicals interacted with both P450s 2A13 and 1B1 , indicating that the two enzymes have some similarty of structural features regarding these chemicals . 
Molecular docking analyses suggest similarities at the active sites of these P450 enzymes . 
These results indicate that P450 2A13 , as well as Family 1 P450 enzymes , is able to catalyze many detoxication and activation reactions with chemicals of environmental interest . OBJECTIVE : Preclinical evaluation of DRF 2655 , a peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha ( PPARalpha ) and PPARgamma agonist , as a body-weight lowering , hypolipidemic and euglycemic agent . 
RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES : DRF 2655 was studied in different genetic , normal , and hyperlipidemic animal models . 
HEK 293 cells were used to conduct the reporter-based transactivation of PPARalpha and PPARgamma . 
To understand the biochemical mechanism of lipid- , body-weight- , and glucose-lowering effects , activities of key beta-oxidation and lipid catabolism enzymes and gluconeogenic enzymes were studied in db / db mice treated with DRF 2655 . 
3T3L1 cells were used for adipogenesis study , and HepG2 cells were used to study the effect of DRF 2655 on total cholesterol and triglyceride synthesis using [ ( 14 ) C ] acetate and [ ( 3 ) H ] glycerol . 
RESULTS : DRF 2655 showed concentration-dependent transactivation of PPARalpha and PPARgamma . 
In the 3T3L1 cell-differentiation study , DRF 2655 and rosiglitazone showed 369% and 471% increases , respectively , in triglyceride accumulation . 
DRF 2655 showed body-weight lowering and euglycemic and hypolipidemic effects in various animal models . 
db / db mice treated with DRF 2655 showed 5- and 3 . 6-fold inhibition in phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase and glucose 6-phosphatase activity and 651% and 77% increases in the beta-oxidation enzymes carnitine palmitoyltransferase and carnitine acetyltransferase , respectively . 
HepG2 cells treated with DRF 2655 showed significant reduction in lipid synthesis . 
DISCUSSION : DRF 2655 showed excellent euglycemic and hypolipidemic activities in different animal models . 
An exciting finding is its body-weight lowering effect in these models , which might be mediated by the induction of target enzymes involved in hepatic lipid catabolism through PPARalpha activation . Toxicological and mutagenic analysis of Artemisia dracunculus ( tarragon ) extract . Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease-associated mutants of GDAP1 dissociate its roles in peroxisomal and mitochondrial fission . Possible Involvement of TRP Channels in Cardiac Hypertrophy and Arrhythmia . beta-Adrenoceptor binding of cardioselective drugs to intact ventricular myocytes was performed using [ 3H ] CGP-12177 , a hydrophilic non-beta 1 / beta 2-selective antagonist radioligand . 
The beta-adrenoceptor density on the intact cardiomyocytes was about 2 x 10 ( 5 ) molecules / cell . 
The beta 1-selective antagonists H-I 42 BS and HX-CH 44 BS competed for [ 3H ] CGP-12177 binding sites on the ventricular myocytes in an essentially monophasic manner with Ki = 72 . 6 nM and Ki = 76 . 7 nM , respectively . 
This is in contrast to the results of binding data from heart membranes , where these beta 1-antagonists bind in a biphasic manner with about 30% of an additional low affinity site , presumably corresponding to the beta 2-adrenoceptor . 
The beta 1-selective antagonist bisoprolol revealed two binding sites at the heart membranes and at the myocytes as well with Ki ( 1 ) = 34 . 2 and 20 . 0 nM and Ki ( 2 ) = 3 , 014 and 918 nM , respectively . 
Our results suggest that viable adult rat ventricular myocytes may contain two beta 1-adrenoceptor binding sites exhibiting different affinities for bisoprolol , whereas beta 2-adrenergic receptors are completely absent . Ellagitannins and hexahydroxydiphenoyl esters as inhibitors of vertebrate squalene epoxidase . Multiple dosing of ephedra-free dietary supplements : hemodynamic , electrocardiographic , and bacterial contamination effects . Expression and selective inhibition of the constitutive and inducible forms of human cyclo-oxygenase . OBJECTIVE : To explore the mechanism of anti-proliferative effect of indomethacin ( IN ) on chronic myelogenous leukemia ( CML ) cells . 
METHODS : MTT was applied to assay CML cells viability under IN intervention . 
STAT1 , STAT5 proteins were analyzed by Western blot , the expressions of phosphorylated STAT1 or STAT5 by immunoprecipitation combined with Western blot , the cellular localization of p-STATs proteins by indirect immunofluorescence technique , and the detection of Bcl-X ( L ) and COX-2 protein by Western blot . 
RESULTS : IN could significantly inhibit the viability of CML cells . 
0 approximately 400 micromol / L of IN could down-regulate the expression of p-STAT1 or p-STAT5 in a dose-response manner , p-STATs were distributed mainly in the nucleus as scattering spots . 
The expression of COX-2 protein could be detected in K562 cells . 
Both Bcl-X ( L ) and COX-2 proteins could be inhibited by IN in a dose-dependent manner . 
CONCLUSIONS : IN could significantly inhibit the proliferation of CML cells , the mechanism of which might be related to the suppression of STATs / Bcl-X ( L ) signal transduction pathway . 
There exists COX-2 protein expression in K562 cells , the anti-leukemia effect of IN was possibly dependent on COX-2 pathway . TRPA1 and TRPM8 activation in humans : effects of cinnamaldehyde and menthol . Prostaglandin E2 attenuates airway pathology in asthmatic patients and exerts a protective effect in antigen-sensitized mice when administered systemically . 
We aimed to establish the consequences of intranasal PGE2 administration on airway reactivity to aeroallergens in mice and reveal the underlying immunoinflammatory mechanisms . 
PGE2 was administered either daily during a 10-day exposure to house dust mite ( HDM ) extracts or for limited intervals . 
Airway hyperreactivity was measured by whole-body and invasive plethysmography . 
The phenotypes of lung immune cells and cytokine production were analysed by flow cytometry and ELISA , respectively . 
Airway hyperreactivity was sustainably reduced only when PGE2 administration was restricted to the initial 5 days of exposure to HDM . 
Lung inflammation , IL-4 production , and airway mast cell activity were also prevented under this early short-term treatment with PGE2 . 
Interestingly , a Th2 response was already committed on day 5 of exposure to HDM . 
This was paralleled by GM-CSF and osteopontin upregulation and a decreased number of plasmacytoid dendritic and T regulatory cells , as well as a trend towards reduced IL-10 expression . 
Local PGE2 administration prevented the increase of airway IL-13 and osteopontin and kept lung plasmacytoid dendritic cell counts close to baseline . 
GM-CSF and Tregs were unaffected by the treatment . 
These findings suggest that the protection provided by PGE2 is a result of the modulation of early lung immunomodulatory mechanisms , and possibly a shift in the balance of dendritic cells towards a tolerogenic profile . Combined targeted therapies in non-small cell lung cancer : a winner Aldosterone is known to regulate electrolyte homeostasis , but it may also contribute to other processes , including the maladaptive remodeling of postinfarct hearts . 
Because aldosterone has been implicated in the stimulation of collagen production in the heart , we investigated whether it would also affect elastin deposition in cultures of human cardiac fibroblasts . 
We first demonstrated that treatment with 1 to 50 nmol / L aldosterone leads to a significant increase in collagen type I mRNA levels and in subsequent collagen fiber deposition . 
Pretreatment of cells with the mineralocorticoid receptor antagonist spironolactone , but not with the glucocorticoid receptor antagonist RU 486 , inhibited collagen synthesis in aldosterone-treated cultures . 
Most importantly , we demonstrated that aldosterone also increases elastin mRNA levels , tropoelastin synthesis , and elastic fiber deposition in a dose-dependent manner . 
Strikingly , neither spironolactone nor RU 486 eliminated aldosterone-induced increases in elastin production . 
We further discovered that the proelastogenic effect of aldosterone involves a rapid increase in tyrosine phosphorylation of the insulin-like growth factor-I receptor and that the insulin-like growth factor-I receptor kinase inhibitor AG1024 or an anti-insulin-like growth factor-I receptor-neutralizing antibody inhibits both insulin-like growth factor-I and aldosterone-induced elastogenesis . 
Thus , we have demonstrated for the first time that aldosterone , which stimulates collagen production through the mineralocorticoid receptor-dependent pathway , also increases elastogenesis via a parallel mineralocorticoid receptor-independent pathway involving I insulin-like growth factor-I receptor signaling . Design , Synthesis , Biological Evaluation , and Docking Studies of ( S ) -Phenylalanine Derivatives with a 2-Cyanopyrrolidine Moiety as Potent Dipeptidyl Peptidase 4 Inhibitors . Methionine aminopeptidases ( MetAPs ) remove the initiator methionine during protein biosynthesis . 
They exist in two isoforms , MetAP1 and MetAP2 . 
The anti-angiogenic compound fumagillin binds tightly to the Type 2 MetAPs but only weakly to Type 1 . 
High-affinity complexes of fumagillin and its relative ovalicin with Type 2 human MetAP have been reported . 
Here we describe the crystallographic structure of the low-affinity complex between ovalicin and Type 1 human MetAP at 1 . 1 A resolution . 
This provides the first opportunity to compare the structures of ovalicin or fumagillin bound to a Type 1 and a Type 2 MetAP . 
For both Type 1 and Type 2 human MetAPs the inhibitor makes a covalent adduct with a corresponding histidine . 
At the same time there are significant differences in the alignment of the inhibitors within the respective active sites . 
It has been argued that the lower affinity of ovalicin and fumagillin for the Type 1 MetAPs is due to the smaller size of their active sites relative to the Type 2 enzymes . 
Comparison with the uncomplexed structure of human Type 1 MetAP indicates that there is some truth to this . 
Several active site residues have to move "outward" by 0 . 5 Angstroms or so to accommodate the inhibitor . 
Other residues move "inward . 
" There are , however , other factors that come into play . 
In particular , the side chain of His310 rotates by 134 degrees into a different position where ( together with Glu128 and Tyr195 ) it coordinates a metal ion not seen at this site in the native enzyme . Functional domains in the carnitine transporter OCTN2 , defective in primary carnitine deficiency . OBJECTIVE : To synthesise results from investigations reporting on the effect of antidepressants on glucose-insulin homeostasis . 
METHOD : The authors conducted a MedLine search of all English language articles from 1966 to October 2005 using the keywords : bipolar disorder , major depressive disorder , diabetes mellitus , glucose homeostasis , and the name of each antidepressant that has been indicated for major depression in Canada and the US up to October 2005 . 
The search was supplemented with a manual review of relevant references . 
Both preclinical and clinical investigations were reviewed . 
RESULTS : Some serotonergic antidepressants ( e . 
g . 
, fluoxetine ) reduce hyperglycaemia , normalise glucose homeostasis and increase insulin sensitivity , whereas some noradrenergic antidepressants ( e . 
g . 
, desipramine ) exert opposite effects . 
Dual-mechanism antidepressants ( e . 
g . 
, duloxetine and venlafaxine ) do not appear to disrupt glucose homeostatic dynamics , whereas nonselective hydrazine monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( e . 
g . 
, phenelzine ) are associated with hypoglycaemia and an increased glucose disposal rate . 
CONCLUSION : Some antidepressants exert a clinically significant effect on metabolism relevant to both therapeutic outcome and adverse events . Bioactive carbazole alkaloids from Murraya koenigii ( L . 
) Spreng . New triterpenoids from the stem bark of Hypodaphnis zenkeri . Vegfrecine , an Inhibitor of VEGF Receptor Tyrosine Kinases Isolated from the Culture Broth of Streptomyces sp . In gut endocrine L cells , the Wnt signaling pathway effector β-catenin ( β-cat ) / transcription factor 7-like 2 mediates the stimulatory effect of insulin on proglucagon ( gcg ) expression and glucagon-like peptide-1 ( GLP-1 ) production . 
In several other cell lineages , insulin is able to stimulate p21-activated protein kinase 1 ( Pak1 ) . 
Here we determined the role of Pak1 in gcg expression and the effect of Pak1 deletion on glucose homeostasis . 
Insulin stimulated Pak1 activation through increasing its Thr423 phosphorylation in gut gcg-expressing cell lines , associated with increased gcg mRNA levels . 
This stimulation was attenuated by the Pak inhibitor 2 , 2'-dihydroxy-1 , 1'-dinaphthyldisulfide ( IPA3 ) or dominant-negative Pak1 . 
Both insulin and cAMP-promoting agents activated β-cat Ser675 phosphorylation , which was attenuated by IPA3 or protein kinase A inhibition , respectively . 
Gut gcg levels were reduced in male Pak1 ( - / - ) mice , associated with impaired glucose tolerance after an ip or oral glucose challenge . 
These mice had lower circulating active GLP-1 levels after a glucose challenge as well as reduced distal ileum GLP-1 content after insulin treatment . 
Finally , the Pak1 ( - / - ) mice exhibited reduced brainstem gcg level and abolished β-cat Ser675 phosphorylation in brain neurons after insulin treatment . 
We suggest that Pak1 mediates the cross talk between insulin and Wnt signaling pathways on gut and brain gcg expression , and its ablation impairs glucose homeostasis . Concentration-effect relationship of the positive chronotropic and hypokalaemic effects of fenoterol in healthy women of childbearing age . Management of psoriasis : the position of retinoid drugs . Recombinant human fibrinogen that produces thick fibrin fibers with increased wound adhesion and clot density . Sorafenib is an orally active tyrosine kinase inhibitor used in the treatment of renal and hepatocellular carcinoma . 
This study was designed to establish whether transport proteins are involved in the hepatic uptake of sorafenib , and to determine the extent of biliary excretion of sorafenib / metabolites in human hepatocytes . 
Initial uptake was assessed in freshly isolated , suspended human hepatocytes in the presence of inhibitors and modulators . 
[ ( 14 ) C ] Sorafenib ( 1 μM ) uptake at 4°C was ~61-63% of the uptake at 37°C , suggesting a high degree of passive diffusion . 
Hepatocyte uptake of [ ( 14 ) C ] sorafenib was not Na ( + ) -dependent or influenced by the organic anion transporter 2 ( OAT2 ) inhibitor ketoprofen . 
However , initial [ ( 14 ) C ] sorafenib hepatocyte uptake was reduced by 46 and 30% compared to control values in the presence of the organic anion transporting polypeptide ( OATP ) inhibitor rifamycin SV , and the organic cation transporter ( OCT ) inhibitor decynium 22 , respectively . 
[ ( 14 ) C ] Sorafenib ( 0 . 5 to 5 μM ) uptake was significantly higher in hOCT1-transfected CHO cells compared to mock cells , and inhibited by the general OCT inhibitor , MPP ( + ) . 
OCT1-mediated uptake was saturable with a Km of 3 . 80 ± 2 . 53 μM and Vmax of 116 ± 42 pmol / mg / min . 
The biliary excretion index ( BEI ) and in vitro biliary clearance ( Clbiliary ) of sorafenib ( 1 μM ) in sandwich-cultured human hepatocytes were low ( ~11% and 11 ml / min / kg , respectively ) . 
Results suggest that sorafenib uptake in human hepatocytes occurs via passive diffusion , and by OCT1 and a rifamycin-sensitive transporter . 
Sorafenib undergoes modest biliary excretion , predominantly as glucuronide conjugate ( s ) . Functional consequences of the arrhythmogenic G306R KvLQT1 K + channel mutant probed by viral gene transfer in cardiomyocytes . Environmental pesticide exposure modulates cytokines , arginase and ornithine decarboxylase expression in human placenta . Atrazine , a herbicide commonly applied to agricultural areas and a common contaminant of potable water supplies , is implicated as an endocrine-disrupting chemical ( EDC ) and potential carcinogen . 
Studies show that EDCs can cause irreversible changes in tissue formation , decreased reproductive potential , obesity , and cancer . 
The U . 
S . 
Environmental Protection Agency considers an atrazine concentration of ≤ 3 ppb in drinking water safe for consumption . 
The specific adverse human health effects associated with a developmental atrazine exposure and the underlying genetic mechanisms of these effects are not well defined . 
In this study , zebrafish embryos were exposed to a range of atrazine concentrations to establish toxicity . 
Morphological , transcriptomic , and protein alterations were then assessed at 72h postfertilization following developmental atrazine exposure at 0 , 0 . 3 , 3 , or 30 ppb . 
A significant increase in head length was observed in all three atrazine treatments . 
Transcriptomic profiles revealed 21 , 62 , and 64 genes with altered expression in the 0 . 3 , 3 , and 30 ppb atrazine treatments , respectively . 
Altered genes were associated with neuroendocrine and reproductive system development , function , and disease; cell cycle control; and carcinogenesis . 
There was a significant overlap ( 42 genes ) between the 3 and 30 ppb differentially expressed gene lists , with two of these genes ( CYP17A1 and SAMHD1 ) present in all three atrazine treatments . 
Increased transcript levels were translated to significant upregulation in protein expression . 
Overall , this study identifies genetic and molecular targets altered in response to a developmental atrazine exposure to further define the biological pathways and mechanisms of toxicity . Profile of certolizumab and its potential in the treatment of psoriatic arthritis . Suppression of Epithelial to Mesenchymal Transitioning ( EMT ) Enhances Ex Vivo Reprogramming of Human Exocrine Pancreatic Tissue towards Functional Insulin Producing β-Like Cells . Transcriptional regulation of human ferredoxin 1 in ovarian granulosa cells . A series of benzyl esters of meperidine and normeperidine were synthesized and evaluated for binding affinity at serotonin , dopamine and norepinephrine transporters . 
The 4-methoxybenzyl ester 8b and 4-nitrobenzyl ester 8c in the meperidine series and 4-methoxybenzyl ester 14a in the normeperidine series exhibited low nanomolar binding affinities at the SERT ( K ( i ) values <2nM ) and high SERT selectivity ( DAT / SERT >1500 and NET / SERT >1500 ) . Only one crystal structure is currently available for tumor marker AKR1B10 , complexed with NADP ( + ) and tolrestat , which is an aldose reductase inhibitor ( ARI ) of the carboxylic acid type . 
Here , the X-ray structure of the complex of the V301L substituted AKR1B10 holoenzyme with fidarestat , an ARI of the cyclic imide type , was obtained at 1 . 60Å resolution by replacement soaking of crystals containing tolrestat . 
Previously , fidarestat was found to be safe in phase III trials for diabetic neuropathy and , consistent with its low in vivo side effects , was highly selective for aldose reductase ( AR or AKR1B1 ) versus aldehyde reductase ( AKR1A1 ) . 
Now , inhibition studies showed that fidarestat was indeed 1300-fold more selective for AR as compared to AKR1B10 , while the change of Val to Leu ( found in AR ) caused a 20-fold decrease in the IC50 value with fidarestat . 
Structural analysis of the V301L AKR1B10-fidarestat complex displayed enzyme-inhibitor interactions similar to those of the AR-fidarestat complex . 
However , a close inspection of both the new crystal structure and a computer model of the wild-type AKR1B10 complex with fidarestat revealed subtle changes that could affect fidarestat binding . 
In the crystal structure , a significant motion of loop A was observed between AR and V301L AKR1B10 , linked to a Phe-122 / Phe-123 side chain displacement . 
This was due to the presence of the more voluminous Gln-303 side chain ( Ser-302 in AR ) and of a water molecule buried in a subpocket located at the base of flexible loop A . 
In the wild-type AKR1B10 model , a short contact was predicted between the Val-301 side chain and fidarestat , but would not be present in AR or in V301L AKR1B10 . 
Overall , these changes could contribute to the difference in inhibitory potency of fidarestat between AR and AKR1B10 . Mutations in human cationic trypsinogen cause hereditary pancreatitis by altering its proteolytic regulation of activation and degradation by chymotrypsin C ( CTRC ) . 
CTRC stimulates trypsinogen autoactivation by processing the activation peptide to a shorter form but also promotes degradation by cleaving the calcium binding loop in trypsinogen . 
Mutations render trypsinogen resistant to CTRC-mediated degradation and / or increase processing of the activation peptide by CTRC . 
Here we demonstrate that activation peptide mutations D19A , D22G , K23R and K23_I24insIDK robustly increased the rate of trypsinogen autoactivation , both in the presence and absence of CTRC . 
Degradation of the mutants by CTRC was unchanged and processing of the activation peptide was increased only in the D19A mutant by 4-fold . 
Surprisingly , however , this increased processing had only a minimal effect on autoactivation . 
The tetra-aspartate motif in the trypsinogen activation peptide binds calcium ( KD ~1 . 6 mM ) , which stimulates autoactivation . 
Unexpectedly , calcium binding was not compromised by any of the activation peptide mutations . 
Despite normal binding , autoactivation of mutants D22G and K23_I24insIDK was not stimulated by calcium . 
Finally , the activation peptide mutants exhibited reduced secretion from transfected cells , and secreted trypsinogen levels were inversely proportional with autoactivation rates . 
We conclude that D19A , D22G , K23R and K23_I24insIDK form a mechanistically distinct subset of hereditary pancreatitis associated mutations , which exert their effect primarily through direct stimulation of autoactivation , independently of CTRC . 
The potentially severe clinical impact of the markedly increased autoactivation is offset by diminished secretion , resulting in a clinical phenotype indistinguishable from typical hereditary pancreatitis . 
This article is protected by copyright . 
All rights reserved . The susceptibility of developing immune system to chemical disruption warrants the assessment of immune parameters in reproductive and developmental testing protocols . 
In this study , a wide range of immune endpoints was included in an extended one-generation reproduction toxicity study ( EOGRTS ) design to determine the relative sensitivity of immune and developmental parameters to ethanol ( EtOH ) , a well-known developmental toxicant with immunomodulatory properties . 
Adult Wistar rats were exposed to EtOH via drinking water ( 0 , 1 . 5 , 4 , 6 . 5 , 9 , 11 . 5 and 14 % ( w / v EtOH ) ) during premating , mating , gestation and lactation and continuation of exposure of the F ( 1 ) from weaning until killed . 
Immune assessments were performed at postnatal days ( PNDs ) 21 , 42 and 70 . 
Keyhole limpet hemocyanin ( KLH ) -specific immune responses were evaluated following subcutaneous immunizations on PNDs 21 and 35 . 
EtOH exposure affected innate as well as adaptive immune responses . 
The most sensitive immune parameters included white blood cell subpopulations , ConA-stimulated splenocyte proliferation , LPS-induced NO and TNF-α production by adherent splenocytes and KLH-specific immune responses . 
Most parameters showed recovery after cessation of EtOH exposure after weaning in the 14 % exposure group . 
However , effects on LPS-induced NO and TNF-α production by adherent splenocytes and KLH-specific parameters persisted until PND 70 . 
The results demonstrate the relative sensitivity to EtOH of especially functional immune parameters and confirm the added value of immune parameters in the EOGRTS . 
Furthermore , this study identified an expanded KLH-specific parameter set and LPS-induced NO and TNF-α production by adherent splenocytes as valuable parameters that can provide additional information on functional immune effects . BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE : Antidepressants are known to interact with the opioid system through mechanisms not completely understood . 
We previously reported that tricyclic antidepressants act as agonists at distinct opioid receptors . 
Here , we investigated the effect of the atypical antidepressant mianserin at cloned and native opioid receptors . 
EXPERIMENTAL APPROACH : Effects of mianserin were examined in CHO cells transfected with human opioid receptors , C6 glioma cells and rat brain membranes by the use of radioligand binding and functional assays including the stimulation of [ ( 35 ) S ] GTPgammaS binding and MAPK phosphorylation . 
KEY RESULTS : Mianserin displayed 12- and 18-fold higher affinity for kappa- than micro- and delta-opioid receptors respectively . 
In [ ( 35 ) S ] GTPgammaS assays , mianserin selectively activated kappa-opioid receptors . 
The agonist activity was antagonized by the selective kappa-opioid blocker nor-binaltorphimine ( nor-BNI ) . 
The mianserin analogue mirtazapine also displayed kappa-opioid agonist activity . 
Mianserin and mirtazapine increased ERK1 / 2 phosphorylation in CHO cells expressing kappa-opioid receptors and C6 cells , and these effects were antagonized by nor-BNI . 
In rat striatum and nucleus accumbens , mianserin stimulated [ 35S ] GTPgammaS binding in a nor-BNI-sensitive manner with maximal effects lower than those of the full kappa-opioid agonists ( - ) -U50 , 488 and dynorphin A . 
When combined , mianserin antagonized the effects of the full kappa-opioid receptor agonists in [ ( 35 ) S ] GTPgammaS assays and reduced the stimulation of p38 MAPK and ERK1 / 2 phosphorylation by dynorphin A . 
CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS : In different cell systems , mianserin directly activates kappa-opioid receptors , displaying partial agonist activity at brain receptors . 
Thus , this property appears to be a common feature of different classes of antidepressants . Amine oxidase activities in brown adipose tissue of the rat : identification of semicarbazide-sensitive ( clorgyline-resistant ) activity at the fat cell membrane . We have used protein engineering and recombinant DNA methodologies to genetically replace the eukaryotic cell receptor binding domain of diphtheria toxin with interleukin 2 ( IL-2 ) . 
The toxin-related T cell growth factor fusion gene has been cloned in Escherichia coli K12 . 
Recombinant strains of E coli produce a 68 , 086 K hybrid toxin , IL-2 toxin that retains immunologic properties intrinsic to both its diphtheria toxin and IL-2 components . 
IL-2 toxin has been found to selectively inhibit protein synthesis in both human and murine T cell lines that bear high affinity IL-2 receptors , whereas the hybrid toxin is not active against cells that do not bear this receptor . 
The cytotoxic action of IL-2 toxin is specifically blocked by free IL-2 and monoclonal antibodies that bind to the p55 ( Tac antigen ) subunit of the high affinity IL-2 receptor . 
In addition , IL-2 toxin , like diphtheria toxin itself , must pass through an acidic compartment in order to deliver its adenosine diphosphate ribosyl transferase activity to the cytosol of target T cells . 
In a murine delayed type hypersensitivity ( DTH ) model system , we have shown that IL-2 toxin treatment induces a marked immunosuppression . Despite the progress made in the development of cardiopulmonary bypass ( CPB ) equipment , systemic anticoagulation with unfractionated heparin and post-bypass neutralization with protamine are still used in most perfusion procedures . 
However , there are a number of situations where unfractionated heparin , protamine or both cannot be used for various reasons . 
Intolerance of protamine can be addressed with extracorporeal heparin removal devices , perfusion with ( no ) low systemic heparinization and , to some degree , by perfusion with alternative anticoagulants . 
Various alternative anticoagulation regimens have been used in cases of intolerance to unfractionated heparin , including extreme hemodilution , low molecular weight heparins , danaparoid , ancrod , r-hirudin , abciximab , tirofiban , argatroban and others . 
In the presence of heparin-induced thrombocytopenia ( HIT ) and thrombosis , the use of r-hirudin appears to be an acceptable solution which has been well studied . 
The main issue with r-hirudin is the difficulty in monitoring its activity during CPB , despite the fact that ecarin coagulation time assessment is now available . 
A more recent approach is based on selective blockage of platelet aggregation by means of monoclonal antibodies directed to GPIIb / IIIa receptors ( abciximab ) or the use of a GPIIb / IIIa inhibitor ( tirofiban ) . 
An 80% blockage of the GPIIb / IIIa receptors and suppression of platelet aggregation to less than 20% allows the giving of unfractionated heparin and running CPB in a standard fashion despite HIT and thrombosis . 
Likewise , at the end of the procedure , unfractionated heparin is neutralized with protamine as usual and donor platelets are transfused if necessary . 
GPIIb / IIIa inhibitors are frequently used in interventional cardiology and , therefore , are available in most hospitals . Hepatic metabolism of sulfur amino acids in db / db mice . As part of the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence ( NICE ) single technology appraisal ( STA ) process , the manufacturer of golimumab ( Simponi ( ® ) ; Merck Sharp & Dohme , USA ) was invited to submit evidence for its clinical and cost effectiveness for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis ( RA ) after the failure of previous disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs ( DMARDs ) . 
The School of Health and Related Research Technology Appraisal Group ( ScHARR-TAG ) at The University of Sheffield was commissioned to act as the independent Evidence Review Group ( ERG ) . 
This article provides details of the manufacturer's initial submission , the ERG's clarification questions and the ERG report submitted to NICE . 
The decision made by NICE is provided alongside a brief comment on additional results produced from an additional analysis requested by NICE on behalf of the Committee . 
The ERG produced a critical review of the evidence for the clinical and cost effectiveness of the technology based on upon the manufacturer's submission to NICE . 
The clinical evidence was derived from three randomized controlled trials of golimumab in the treatment of moderate to severe RA : GO-FORWARD and Kay et al . 
( DMARD-experienced population ) and GO-AFTER ( tumour necrosis factor [ TNF ] -α inhibitor-experienced population ) . 
The ERG considered that the trials were of reasonable methodological quality and measured a clinically relevant range of outcomes . 
The trials for golimumab , as well as comparator treatments , were synthesized using mixed-treatment comparison methods for the DMARD-experienced population and an indirect comparison using the Bucher method for the TNF-α inhibitor-experienced population . 
The trials used were appropriate , although no definitive judgement regarding the comparative efficacy of golimumab with other biologics was possible . 
The manufacturer provided a DMARD-experienced population model and a TNF-α inhibitor-experienced population model . 
The models allowed sequences of treatments to be evaluated for each population , although a fully incremental analysis between the use of golimumab following DMARD failure and the use of golimumab following TNF-α inhibitor failure was not possible . 
Several limitations with the model were identified , and after a request from NICE and suspension of the appraisal , the manufacturer submitted sensitivity analyses with an additional American College of Rheumatology 70 % improvement criteria ( ACR70 ) health state included , using SF-36 data directly from the GO-FORWARD study . 
The annual rate of the Health Assessment Questionnaire ( HAQ ) score increase for patients receiving palliative treatment was also changed from 0 . 09 to 0 . 06 . 
The further analyses provided highlighted the particular sensitivity of the results to HAQ progression rates and the re-administration frequency for rituximab in the TNF-α inhibitor-experienced population . 
The Appraisal Committee concluded that golimumab should be recommended in combination with methotrexate as an option for patients with severe active RA who have failed on conventional DMARDs , or who have failed on a TNF-α inhibitor and are contraindicated to or withdrawn from rituximab . In vivo chronoamperometric measures of extracellular serotonin clearance in rat dorsal hippocampus : contribution of serotonin and norepinephrine transporters . There has been much recent interest in lysophosphatidic acid ( LPA ) signaling through one of its receptors , LPA1 , in fibrotic diseases , but the mechanisms by which LPA-LPA1 signaling promotes pathological fibrosis remain to be fully elucidated . 
Using a mouse peritoneal fibrosis model , we demonstrate central roles for LPA and LPA1 in fibroblast proliferation . 
Genetic deletion or pharmacological antagonism of LPA1 protected mice from peritoneal fibrosis , blunting the increases in peritoneal collagen by 65 . 4 and 52 . 9% , respectively , compared to control animals and demonstrated that peritoneal fibroblast proliferation was highly LPA1 dependent . 
Activation of LPA1 on mesothelial cells induced these cells to express connective tissue growth factor ( CTGF ) , driving fibroblast proliferation in a paracrine fashion . 
Activation of mesothelial cell LPA1 induced CTGF expression by inducing cytoskeleton reorganization in these cells , causing nuclear translocation of myocardin-related transcription factor ( MRTF ) -A and MRTF-B . 
Pharmacological inhibition of MRTF-induced transcription also diminished CTGF expression and fibrosis in the peritoneal fibrosis model , mitigating the increase in peritoneal collagen content by 57 . 9% compared to controls . 
LPA1-induced cytoskeleton reorganization therefore makes a previously unrecognized but critically important contribution to the profibrotic activities of LPA by driving MRTF-dependent CTGF expression , which , in turn , drives fibroblast proliferation . 
-Sakai , N . 
, Chun , J . 
, Duffield , J . 
S . 
, Wada , T . 
, Luster , A . 
D . 
, Tager , A . 
M . 
LPA1-induced cytoskeleton reorganization drives fibrosis through CTGF-dependent fibroblast proliferation . pH-Responsive Nanoparticle Vaccines for Dual-Delivery of Antigens and Immunostimulatory Oligonucleotides . Glutathione S-transferases ( GSTs ) protect cells against exogenous and endogenous oxidative stress . 
GST polymorphisms are associated with the development of cardiovascular disease ( CVD ) and diabetes mellitus ( DM ) , especially in current-smokers . 
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease ( NAFLD ) is a predictor of future CVD or DM , because oxidative stress contributes to their pathogenesis . 
This study investigated whether the combination of smoking status and GST genotypes could affect the risk for NAFLD . 
A cross-sectional analysis was conducted among 713 Japanese participants ( 458 males and 255 females ) during a health screening program . 
The GSTM1 null , GSTT1 null , GSTP1 *A / *B or *B / *B and GSTA1 *A / *B or *B / *B genotypes were determined and deemed to be high-risk genotypes . 
The prevalence of NAFLD was 18 . 7% . 
Among never-smokers , carriers of one , and those of two or more high-risk GSTM1 , GSTP1 or GSTA1 genotypes were at a higher risk for NAFLD than those who were not carriers [ odds ratio ( 95% confidence interval ) : 2 . 6 ( 1 . 1-5 . 9 ) and 3 . 3 ( 1 . 3-8 . 1 ) , respectively ] , and the risk was further increased among current-smokers [ 4 . 6 ( 1 . 6-13 . 0 ) and 5 . 4 ( 1 . 2-23 . 7 ) , respectively ] . 
This is the first report to show that the combination of current-smoking and harboring high-risk GSTM1 , GSTP1 and / or GSTA1 genotypes is interactively associated with the risk of NAFLD . Caloric restriction prolongs the lifespan of many species . 
Therefore , investigators have researched the usefulness of caloric restriction for healthy lifespan extension . 
Sirt1 , an NAD ( + ) -dependent deacetylase , was identified as a molecule necessary for caloric restriction-related anti-aging strategies . 
Sirt1 functions as an intracellular energy sensor to detect the concentration of NAD ( + ) , and controls in vivo metabolic changes under caloric restriction and starvation through its deacetylase activity to many targets including histones , nuclear transcriptional factors , and enzymes . 
During the past decade , investigators have reported the relationship between disturbance of Sirt1 activation and the onset of aging- and obesity-associated diseases such as diabetes , cardiovascular disease and neurodegenerative disorders . 
Consequently , a calorie restriction-mimetic action of Sirt1 is now expected as a new therapy for these diseases . 
In addition , recent studies have gradually clarified the role of Sirt1 in the onset of kidney disease . 
Its activation may also become a new target of treatment in the patients with chronic kidney disease including diabetic nephropathy . 
In this article , we would like to review the role of Sirt1 in the onset of kidney disease based on previous studies , and discuss its possibility as the target of treatment in diabetic nephropathy . Pharmacology of the sphingosine-1-phosphate signalling system . Enhanced expression of DNA topoisomerase II genes in human medulloblastoma and its possible association with etoposide sensitivity . The prostaglandin F ( 2alpha ) receptor ( PTGFR ) is believed to play a role in the process of parturition . 
The main support for this comes from animal studies; however , in humans , the evidence is less clear . 
The gene coding for PTGFR may be subject to alternative splicing to generate alternate variants with different signalling pathways . 
We have determined regional ( upper versus lower segment ) and labour-associated expression of PTGFR mRNA and a recently identified splice variant of PTGFR in human myometrium and decidua . 
We also examined the effect of the inflammatory cytokine interleukin-1beta ( IL-1beta ) on PTGFR mRNA expression in a model of cultured human myometrial smooth muscle cells . 
We identified a PTGFR transcript variant 2 ( PTGFR-v2 ) generated by alternate splicing in human myometrium and decidua . 
The PTGFR-v2 contains an additional 71 base pair exon , which results in a truncated protein at 297 amino acids compared with the PTGFR transcript variant 1 ( PTGFR-v1 ) at 359 amino acids . 
In contrast to our hypothesis , we demonstrate that PTGFR-v1 and PTGFR-v2 mRNA expression is not significantly higher in upper segment compared with lower segment paired samples . 
We also show a labour-associated decrease in PTGFR-v1 and PTGFR-v2 mRNA expression in lower segment myometrial samples . 
IL-1beta-stimulated mRNA expression of both PTGFR variants in a distinct time-dependent manner in myometrial cell cultures . 
We suggest that the role of the PTGFR in the human uterus requires further validation prior to pursuing it as a target for the treatment of preterm labour . 
In addition , the presence of distinct variants suggests further levels of gene regulation within the pregnant uterus . Activities of some antioxidative and hexose monophosphate shunt enzymes of skeletal muscle in neuromuscular diseases . Terbutaline ( Bricanyl ) and its prodrug Bambuterol ( Bambec ) are highly potent beta ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor agonists often used in asthma patients . 
Terbutaline in the form of inhaled short-acting bronchodilator relieves asthmatic symptoms . 
However , the effects of bambuterol given intratracheally have rarely been explored . 
To verify the effect of bambuterol and terbutaline , which act on the tracheal smooth muscle directly in vitro , we used our preparation to test the effects of bambuterol on isolated rat's tracheal smooth muscle compared with terbutaline . 
The following assessments of bambuterol and terbutaline were performed : ( 1 ) effect on tracheal smooth muscle resting tension; ( 2 ) effect on contraction caused by 10 ( -6 ) M methacholine as a parasympathetic mimetic; ( 3 ) effect of the drugs on electrically induced tracheal smooth muscle contractions . 
The results indicated that adding bambuterol induced a significant further contraction to 10 ( -6 ) M methacholine-induced contraction when the preparation was increased to 10 ( -4 ) M . 
But terbutaline elicited a relaxation response at a dose of 10 ( -6 ) M or more . 
Both bambuterol and terbutaline could inhibit electrical field stimulation ( EFS ) induced spike contraction . 
Terbutaline had an anti-cholinergic effect that could relieve asthmatic symptoms . 
But the effect of bambuterol acting on tracheal smooth muscle directly was controversial . Cell wounding activates phospholipase D in primary mouse keratinocytes . Primary carnitine deficiency is an autosomal recessive disorder of fatty acid oxidation characterized by hypoketotic hypoglycemia and skeletal and cardiac myopathy . 
It is caused by mutations in the Na + -dependent organic cation transporter , OCTN2 . 
To define the domains involved in carnitine recognition , we evaluated chimeric transporters created by swapping homologous domains between OCTN1 , which does not transport carnitine , and OCTN2 . 
Substitution of the C terminus of OCTN2 ( amino acid residues 342-557 ) with the corresponding residues of OCTN1 completely abolished carnitine transport . 
The progressive substitution of the N terminus of OCTN2 with OCTN1 resulted in a decrease in carnitine transport associated with a progressive increase in the Km toward carnitine from 3 . 9 + / - 0 . 5 to 141 + / - 19 microM . 
The largest drop in carnitine transport ( and increase in Km toward carnitine ) was observed with the substitution of residues 341-454 of OCTN2 . 
An additional chimeric transporter ( CHIM-9 ) in which only residues 341-454 of OCTN2 were substituted by OCTN1 had markedly reduced carnitine transport , with an elevated Km toward carnitine ( 63 + / - 5 microM ) . 
Site-directed mutagenesis and introduction of residues nonconserved between OCTN1 and OCTN2 in the OCTN2 cDNA indicated that the R341A , L409W , L424Y , and T429I substitutions significantly decreased carnitine transport . 
Single substitutions did not increase the Km toward carnitine . 
By contrast , the combination of three of these substitutions ( R341W + L409W + T429I ) greatly decreased carnitine transport and increased the Km toward carnitine ( 20 . 2 + / - 4 . 5 microm ) . 
The Arg-341 , Leu-409 , and Thr-429 residues are all located in predicted transmembrane domains . 
Involvement of these residues in carnitine transport was further supported by the partial restoration of carnitine transport by the introduction of these OCTN2 residues in the OCTN1 portion of CHIM-9 . 
These studies indicate that multiple domains of the OCTN2 transporter are required for carnitine transport and identify transmembrane residues important for carnitine recognition . Differential activation and modulation of the glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor by small molecule ligands . Carvacrol is one of the main substances of essential oil which triggers intracellular Ca ( 2 + ) mobilization and causes cytotoxicity in diverse cell models . 
However , the mechanism of carvacrol-induced Ca ( 2 + ) movement and cytotoxicity is not fully understood . 
This study examined the effect of carvacrol on cytosolic free Ca ( 2 + ) concentrations ( [ Ca ( 2 + ) ] ( i ) ) , cell viability and apoptosis in OC2 human oral cancer cells . 
Carvacrol induced a [ Ca ( 2 + ) ] ( i ) rise and the signal was reduced by removal of extracellular Ca ( 2 + ) . 
Carvacrol-induced Ca ( 2 + ) entry was not altered by store-operated Ca ( 2 + ) channel inhibitors and protein kinase C ( PKC ) activator , but was inhibited by a PKC inhibitor . 
In Ca ( 2 + ) -free medium , treatment with the endoplasmic reticulum Ca ( 2 + ) pump inhibitor thapsigargin ( TG ) or 2 , 5-di-tert-butylhydroquinone ( BHQ ) inhibited carvacrol-induced [ Ca ( 2 + ) ] ( i ) rise . 
Conversely , incubation with carvacrol inhibited TG or BHQ-induced [ Ca ( 2 + ) ] ( i ) rise . 
Inhibition of phospholipase C ( PLC ) with U73122 abolished carvacrol-induced [ Ca ( 2 + ) ] ( i ) rise . 
Carvacrol decreased cell viability , which was not reversed when cytosolic Ca ( 2 + ) was chelated with BAPTA-AM ( 1 , 2-bis ( 2-aminophenoxy ) ethane-N , N , N' , N'-tetraacetic acid-acetoxymethyl ester ) . 
Carvacrol-induced apoptosis and activation of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) and caspase-3 . 
Together , carvacrol induced a [ Ca ( 2 + ) ] ( i ) rise by inducing PLC-dependent Ca ( 2 + ) release from the endoplasmic reticulum and Ca ( 2 + ) entry via PKC-sensitive , non store-operated Ca ( 2 + ) channels . 
Carvacrol-induced ROS- and caspase-3-associated apoptosis . Pharmacologic stress testing uses vasodilators to provide objective evidence of myocardial ischemia . 
Adenosine and dipyridamole are nonselective adenosine receptor agonists that have been associated with myocardial infarction ( MI ) during intravenous infusion . 
Mechanisms postulated for this effect include coronary steal , transmural steal , global hypotension , and direct vasoconstriction . 
Regadenoson , a direct A2A agonist , was approved for use in stress testing in 2008 . 
We describe a 68-year-old man who presented to our institution with typical angina , relieved by nitroglycerin . 
He did not have electrocardiogram ( ECG ) changes suggestive of myocardial pathology , and laboratory testing did not reveal a significant rise in troponin-I levels . 
To further assess the etiology of his symptoms , he underwent a pharmacologic stress test with regadenoson followed by technetium 99 m sestamibi . 
Six minutes after regadenoson infusion , the patient developed severe retrosternal chest pain accompanied by ST elevations on ECG . 
Sublingual nitroglycerin was administered that resolved both the pain and ECG changes . 
The patient subsequently underwent urgent coronary angiography and was found to have a 95% critical stenosis involving the left anterior descending artery . 
We conclude this case represents a MI secondary to coronary steal phenomenon induced by regadenoson infusion . 
Clinicians should be aware this adverse effect can occur despite the improved side-effect profile of regadenoson . 
Continuous monitoring of vital signs and the ECG with regular assessment of symptoms is imperative to identify this rare but potentially devastating adverse event . Whole-cell patch-clamp techniques were employed to examine the effects of bepridil , a Ca2 + channel blocker with Vaughan Williams class III action , on a slow component of cardiac delayed rectifier K + current ( IKs ) , which was reconstituted in HEK293 cells by transfecting KCNQ1 and KCNE1 . 
Micromolar bepridil inhibited tail currents carried by KCNQ1 / KCNE1 channels in a concentration-dependent manner ( IC50 = 5 . 3 + / - 0 . 7 microM at -40 mV from 1000 milliseconds test pulse ) . 
When the effect of the drug was examined with a short test pulse protocol ( 250 milliseconds ) , IC50 became two-fold smaller than that measured with 1000 milliseconds test pulse ( 2 . 5 + / - 0 . 8 microM ) . 
The envelope-of-tails protocol was used to assess how the duration of depolarizing pulse affects the drug action on the outward KCNQ1 / KCNE1 channel current . 
The drug significantly inhibited tail currents more potently during shorter pulses ( <600 milliseconds ) . 
Bepridil's block was therefore time dependent , and its binding affinity to the channel was greater in the closed state channel , as evidenced by unblocking during prolonged depolarization . 
These properties of channel blockade appear to underscore the mechanism of bepridil's effect on IKs current . ErbB2 is frequently highly expressed in premalignant breast cancers , including ductal carcinoma in situ ( DCIS ) ; however , little is known about the signals or pathways it contributes to progression into the invasive / malignant state . 
Radiotherapy is often used to treat early premalignant lesions regardless of ErbB2 status . 
Here , we show that clinically relevant doses of ionizing radiation ( IR ) -induce cellular invasion of ErbB2-expressing breast cancer cells , as well as MCF10A cells overexpressing ErbB2 . 
ErbB2-negative breast cancer cells , such as MCF7 and T47D , do not invade following treatment with IR nor do MCF10A cells overexpressing epidermal growth factor receptor . 
ErbB2 becomes phosphorylated at tyrosine 877 in a dose- and time- dependent manner following exposure to X-rays , and activates downstream signaling cascades including PI3K / Akt . 
Inhibition of these pathways , as well as inhibition of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) with antioxidants , prevents IR-induced invasion . 
Activation of ErbB2-dependent signaling results in upregulation of the forkhead family transcription factor , FoxM1 , and its transcriptional targets , including matrix metalloproteinase 2 ( MMP2 ) . 
Inhibition of FoxM1 by RNA interference prevented induction of invasion by IR , and overexpression of FoxM1 in MCF10A cells was sufficient to promote IR-induced invasion . 
Moreover , we found that 14-3-3ζ is also upregulated by IR in cancer cells in a ROS-dependent manner , is required for IR-induced invasion in ErbB2-positive breast cancer cells and together with FoxM1 is sufficient for invasion in ErbB2-negative breast cancer cells . 
Thus , our data show that IR-mediated activation of ErbB2 and induction of 14-3-3ζ collaborate to regulate FoxM1 and promote invasion of breast cancer cells and furthermore , may serve as therapeutic targets to enhance radiosensitivity of breast cancers . 
Oncogene advance online publication , 14 January 2013; doi : 10 . 1038 / onc . 2012 . 629 . Adhesion of osteoblasts to a vertically aligned TiO2 nanotube surface . Minocycline protects PC12 cells against NMDA-induced injury via inhibiting 5-lipoxygenase activation . With the increasing use and incorporation of nanoparticles ( NPs ) into consumer products , screening for potential toxicity is necessary to ensure customer safety . 
NPs have been shown to translocate to the bloodstream following inhalation and ingestion , and such studies demonstrate that the liver is an important organ for accumulation . 
Silver ( Ag ) NPs are highly relevant for human exposure due to their use in food contact materials , dietary supplements , and antibacterial wound treatments . 
Due to the large number of different NPs already used in various products and being developed for new applications , it is essential that relevant , quick , and cheap methods of in vitro risk assessment suitable for these new materials are established . 
Therefore , this study used a simple hepatocytes model combined with an in vivo injection model to simulate the passage of a small amount of NPs into the bloodstream following exposure , e . 
g . 
, via ingestion or inhalation , and examined the potential of Ag NPs of 20 nm diameter to cause toxicity , inflammation , and oxidative stress in the liver following in vivo exposures of female Wistar rats via iv injection to 50 μg of NPs and in vitro exposures using the human hepatocyte cell line C3A . 
We found that Ag NPs were highly cytotoxic to hepatocytes ( LC ( 50 ) lactate dehydrogenase : 2 . 5 μg / cm ( 2 ) ) and affected hepatocyte homeostasis by reducing albumin release . 
At sublethal concentrations with normal cell or tissue morphology , Ag NPs were detected in cytoplasm and nuclei of hepatocytes . 
We observed similar effects of Ag NPs on inflammatory mediator expression in vitro and in vivo with increase of interleukin-8 ( IL-8 ) / macrophage inflammatory protein 2 , IL-1RI , and tumor necrosis factor-α expression in both models and increased IL-8 protein release in vitro . 
This article presents evidence of the potential toxicity and inflammogenic potential of Ag NPs in the liver following ingestion . 
In addition , the similarities between in vitro and in vivo responses are striking and encouraging for future reduction , refinement , and replacement of animal studies by the use of hepatocyte cell lines in particle risk assessment . Glyoxylate is a 2 carbon aldo acid that is formed in hepatic tissue from glycolate . 
Once formed , the molecule can be converted to glycine by alanine-glyoxylate aminotransferase ( AGAT ) . 
In defects of AGAT , glyoxylate is transformed to oxalate , resulting in high levels of oxalate in the body . 
The objective of this study was 2-fold . 
First , it was to determine , if akin to D-glucose , D-fructose or DL-glyceraldehyde , glyoxylate was susceptible to non-enzymatic attack by amino containing molecules such as lysine , arginine or glucosamine . 
Second , if by virtue of its molecular structure and size , glyoxylate was as reactive a reagent in non-enzymatic reactions as DL-glyceraldehyde; i . 
e . 
, a glycose that we previously demonstrated to be a more effective glycating agent than D-glucose or D-fructose . 
Using capillary electrophoresis ( CE ) , high performance liquid chromatography and UV and fluorescence spectroscopy , glyoxylate was found to be a highly reactive precursor of advanced glycation like end products ( AGLEs ) and a more effective promoter of non-enzymatic end products than D-glucose , D-fructose or DL-glyceraldehyde . Inhibition of cPLA2 translocation and leukotriene C4 secretion by fluticasone propionate in exogenously activated human eosinophils . The aim of this work was to develop by means of co-extrusion a multilayered dosage form characterized by a dual release profile of the same drug . 
Co-extrudates consisted of two concentric polymer matrices : a core having a lipophilic character and a coat with a hydrophilic character . 
Diclofenac sodium ( DS ) was incorporated as model drug in both layers . 
Several polymers were screened on the basis of their processability via hot melt extrusion ( HME ) and in vitro drug release . 
Polymer combinations with suitable properties ( i . 
e . 
, similar extrusion temperature , appropriate drug release profile ) were processed via co-extrusion . 
( Co- ) extruded samples were characterized in terms of solid state ( XRD , SEM ) , in vitro drug release , core / coat adhesion , and bioavailability . 
Based on the polymer screening , two polymer combinations were selected for co-extrusion : ethylcellulose ( core ) combined with Soluplus® ( coat ) and polycaprolactone ( core ) with PEO ( coat ) . 
These combinations were successfully co-extruded . 
XRD revealed that DS remained crystalline during extrusion in ethylcellulose , Soluplus® , polycaprolactone , and PEO . 
The polycaprolactone / PEO combination could be processed at a lower temperature ( 70°C ) , vs . 
140°C for ethylcellulose / Soluplus® . 
The maximum drug load in core and coat depended on the extrusion temperature and the die dimensions , while adhesion between core and coat was mainly determined by the drug load and by the extrusion temperature . 
In vitro drug release from the co-extruded formulations was reflected in the in vivo behavior : formulations with a higher DS content in the coat ( i . 
e . 
, faster drug release ) resulted in higher Cmax and higher AUC values . 
Co-extrusion is a viable method to produce in a single step a multilayer dosage form with dual drug release . An optimized electrodropping system produces homogeneous core-shell microcapsules ( C-S MCs ) by using poly ( L-lactic-co-glycolic acid ) ( PLGA ) and alginate . 
Fluorescence imaging clearly shows the C-S domain in the MC . 
For release control , the use of high-molecular-weight PLGA ( HMW 270 000 ) restrains the initial burst release of protein compared to that of low-MW PLGA ( LMW 40 000 ) . 
Layer-by-layer ( LBL ) assembly of chitosan and alginate on MCs is also useful in controlling the release profile of biomolecules . 
LBL ( 7-layer ) treatment is effective in suppressing the initial burst release of protein compared to no LBL ( 0-layer ) . 
The difference of cumulative albumin release between HMW ( 7-layer LBL ) and LMW ( 0-layer LBL ) PLGA is determined to be more than 40% on day 5 . 
When dual angiogenic growth factors ( GFs ) , such as platelet-derived GF ( PDGF ) and vascular endothelial GF ( VEGF ) , are encapsulated separately in the core and shell domains , respectively , the VEGF release rate is much greater than that of PDGF , and the difference of the cumulative release percentage between the two GFs is about 30% on day 7 with LMW core PLGA and more than 45% with HMW core PLGA . 
As for the angiogenic potential of MC GFs with human umbilical vein endothelial cells ( HUVECs ) , the fluorescence signal of CD31 + suggests that the angiogenic sprout of ECs is more active in MC-mediated GF delivery than conventional GF delivery , and this difference is significant , based on the number of capillary branches in the unit area . 
This study demonstrates that the fabrication of biocompatible C-S MCs is possible , and that the release control of biomolecules is adjustable . 
Furthermore , MC-mediated GFs remain in an active form and can upregulate the angiogenic activity of ECs . A series of imidazopyridazines which are potent inhibitors of Plasmodium falciparum calcium-dependent protein kinase 1 ( PfCDPK1 ) was identified from a high-throughput screen against the isolated enzyme . 
Subsequent exploration of the SAR and optimisation has yielded leading members which show promising in vitro anti-parasite activity along with good in vitro ADME and selectivity against human kinases . 
Initial in vivo testing has revealed good oral bioavailability in a mouse PK study and modest in vivo efficacy in a Plasmodium berghei mouse model of malaria . Bleeding complications and delayed healing of gastric ulcer associated with use of clopidogrel is a common clinical concern; however , the underlying mechanisms remain to be determined . 
This study aimed to clarify whether clopidogrel could cause the damage of the human gastric epithelial cells and to further elucidate the mechanisms involved . 
After human gastric epithelial cell line GES-1 had been treated with clopidogrel ( 0 . 5-2 . 5 mM ) , the cell proliferation was examined by MTT assay , apoptosis was measured with DAPI staining and flow cytometry analysis , and the barrier function of the tight junctions ( TJ ) was evaluated by permeability measurement and transmission electron microscopy . 
Moreover , expression of the TJ proteins occludin and ZO-1 and the phosphorylation of the mitogen-activated protein kinases ( MAPK ) p38 , ERK , and JNK were examined by western blot . 
In addition , three MAPK inhibitors specific to p38 , ERK and JNK were used , respectively , to verify the signaling pathways responsible for regulating the expression of the TJ proteins being tested . 
Results showed that clopidogrel significantly increased dextran permeability , induced apoptosis , suppressed GES-1 cell viability , and reduced the expression of the TJ proteins ( occludin and ZO-1 ) , acting through p38 MAPK phosphorylation . 
Furthermore , these observed effects were partially abolished by SB-203580 ( a p38 MAPK inhibitor ) , rather than by either U-0126 ( an ERK inhibitor ) or SP-600125 ( a JNK inhibitor ) , suggesting that clopidogrel-induced disruption in the gastric epithelial cells is mediated by the p38 MAPK pathway . 
It is concluded that attenuated expression of the TJ proteins occludin and ZO-1 in human gastric epithelial cells could be involved in clopidogrel-induced gastric mucosal injury through activation of the p38 MAPK pathway . Binding of Diverse Environmental Chemicals with Human Cytochromes P450 2A13 , 2A6 , and 1B1 and Enzyme Inhibition . Inhibition of recombinant L-type voltage-gated calcium channels by positive allosteric modulators of GABAA receptors . Severe hypoglycemia from helicobacter pylori triple-drug therapy and insulin detemir drug interaction . Heterogeneous expression and polymorphic genotype of glutathione S-transferases in human lung . Variations in human HM74 ( GPR109B ) and HM74A ( GPR109A ) niacin receptors . A "clickable" MTX reagent as a practical tool for profiling small-molecule-intracellular target interactions via MASPIT . The transient receptor potential ankyrin 1 ( TRPA1 ) nonselective cation channel has a conserved function as a noxious chemical sensor throughout much of Metazoa . 
Electrophilic chemicals activate both insect and vertebrate TRPA1 via covalent modification of cysteine residues in the amino-terminal region . 
Although naturally occurring electrophilic plant compounds , such as mustard oil and cinnamaldehyde , are TRPA1 agonists , it is unknown whether arthropod-produced electrophiles activate mammalian TRPA1 . 
We characterized the effects of the electrophilic arthropod defensive compound para-benzoquinone ( pBQN ) on the human TRPA1 channel . 
We used whole-cell recordings of human embryonic kidney cells heterologously expressing either wild-type TRPA1 or TRPA1 with three serine-substituted cysteines crucial for electrophile activation ( C621S , C641S , C665S ) . 
We found that pBQN activates TRPA1 starting at 10 nM and peaking at 300 nM; higher concentrations caused rapid activation followed by a fast decline . 
Activation by pBQN required reactivity with cysteine residues , but ones that are distinct from those previously reported to be the key targets of electrophiles . 
The current reduction we found at higher pBQN concentrations was a cysteine-dependent desensitization of TRPA1 , and did not require prior activation . 
The cysteines required for desensitization are not accessible to all electrophiles as iodoacetamide and internally applied 2- ( trimethylammonium ) ethyl methanesulfonate failed to cause desensitization ( despite large activation ) . 
Interestingly , following pBQN desensitization , wild-type TRPA1 had dramatically reduced response to the nonelectrophile agonist carvacrol , whereas the triple cysteine mutant TRPA1 retained its full response . 
Our results suggest that modification of multiple cysteine residues by electrophilic compounds can generate both activation and desensitization of the TRPA1 channel . 2- ( 4-Chloro-2-cyano-2-phenylbutyl ) aziridines were employed for the one-step stereoselective construction of both endo- and exo-2-aminomethyl-4-phenyl-1-azabicyclo [ 2 . 2 . 1 ] heptanes as new azaheterobicyclic scaffolds via a double LiAlH ( 4 ) -induced reductive cyclization protocol . 
Antiplasmodial assessment of these 1-azabicyclo [ 2 . 2 . 1 ] heptanes revealed moderate to good activities in the micromolar range , with the exo-isomers being the most promising structures . 
Furthermore , the proposed mode of action was supported by ligand docking studies , pointing to a strong binding interaction with the enzyme plasmepsin II . Botulinum toxins : Mechanisms of action , antinociception and clinical applications . BACKGROUND : In the United States , Puerto Ricans and Mexicans have the highest and lowest asthma prevalence , morbidity , and mortality , respectively . 
Ethnic-specific differences in the response to drug treatment may contribute to differences in disease outcomes . 
Genetic variants at the beta ( 2 ) -adrenergic receptor ( beta ( 2 ) AR ) may modify asthma severity and albuterol responsiveness . 
We tested the association of beta ( 2 ) AR genotypes with asthma severity and bronchodilator response to albuterol in Puerto Ricans and Mexicans with asthma . 
METHODS : We used both family-based and cross-sectional tests of association with 8 beta ( 2 ) AR single nucleotide polymorphisms in 684 Puerto Rican and Mexican families . 
Regression analyses were used to determine the interaction between genotype , asthma severity , and bronchodilator drug responsiveness . 
RESULTS : Among Puerto Ricans with asthma , the arginine ( Arg ) 16 allele was associated with greater bronchodilator response using both family-based and cross-sectional tests ( p = 0 . 00001-0 . 01 ) . 
We found a strong interaction of baseline FEV ( 1 ) with the Arg16Glycine ( Gly ) polymorphism in predicting bronchodilator response . 
Among Puerto Ricans with asthma with baseline FEV ( 1 ) < 80% of predicted , but not in those with FEV ( 1 ) > 80% , there was a very strong association between the Arg16 genotype and greater bronchodilator responsiveness . 
No association was observed between Arg16Gly genotypes and drug responsiveness among Mexicans with asthma . 
CONCLUSIONS : Ethnic-specific pharmacogenetic differences exist between Arg16Gly genotypes , asthma severity , and bronchodilator response in Puerto Ricans and Mexicans with asthma . 
These findings underscore the need for additional research on racial / ethnic differences in asthma morbidity and drug responsiveness . Although it is chemically a classical tricyclic antidepressant agent , trimipramine shows atypical pharmacological properties . 
Its well-documented antidepressant action cannot be explained by noradrenaline or serotonin reuptake inhibition or by a down-regulation of beta-adrenoceptors . 
Furthermore , its receptor affinity profile resembles more that of clozapine , a neuroleptic drug , than that of tricyclic antidepressants . 
Trimipramine does not reduce , but rather increases , rapid eye movement sleep . 
It stimulates nocturnal prolactin secretion and inhibits nocturnal cortisol secretion and may act at the level of the hypothalamus on corticotropin-releasing hormone secretion . 
Trimipramine is of particular value in depressed patients with insomnia , and it has been shown to be effective in the therapy of primary insomnia . 
As the pharmacological profile indicates , and an open clinical study has shown , trimipramine might also be active as an antipsychotic . 
The drug is both a tool for increasing our understanding of depression and a potential therapy for several psychiatric disorders . Neonatal epileptic encephalopathy caused by mutations in the PNPO gene encoding pyridox ( am ) ine 5'-phosphate oxidase . The C1 domain-targeted isophthalate derivative HMI-1b11 promotes neurite outgrowth and GAP-43 expression through PKCα activation in SH-SY5Y cells . The effect of intranasal oxytocin treatment on conditioned fear extinction and recall in a healthy human sample . PURPOSE : The fluoropyrimidine carbamate ( capecitabine ) is converted to 5-fluorouracil ( 5-FU ) by thymidine phosphorylase ( TP ) inside target tissues . 
5-FU interferes with DNA synthesis by blocking thymidylate synthase ( TS ) but is inactivated by dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( DPD ) . 
Favorable enzyme profiles ( high TP and low DPD ) generate high intratumor levels of 5-FU that are effective against many tumors , especially those with low TS . 
Capecitabine has not been tested against thyroid cancers , and it is not known to what extent thyroid cancers express TP , TS or DPD . 
METHODS : To test this , we determined TP , TS and DPD in 19 thyroid cancers from young patients ( 14 papillary , 4 follicular , 1 medullary ) by immunohistochemistry . 
After approval by the Human Use Committee , the intensity of TP , TS , and DPD staining was determined by two independent examiners and graded ( absent = 0 to intense = 3 ) with >90% concordance . 
RESULTS : TS was detected in 7 / 19 cancers ( 37% ) , TP in 14 / 19 cancers ( 74% ) and DPD in 14 / 19 cancers ( 74% ) . 
In six tumors , TP was more intense that DPD , suggesting capecitabine sensitivity . 
Only five tumors failed to express TP but four of these expressed DPD , suggesting capecitabine resistance . 
Overall , 6 / 19 tumors ( 32% of the total ) had a favorable expression profile , and all of them were papillary cancers . 
CONCLUSIONS : We conclude that the majority of differentiated thyroid cancers ( 74% ) express TP and low levels of TS ( 63% undetectable ) . 
The results support the hypothesis that capecitabine is activated in the majority of differentiated thyroid cancers and that 32% have favorable expression of all three enzymes ( TP , TS , and DPD ) . Epidemiological studies demonstrate that the link between impaired fetal development and glucose intolerance in later life is exacerbated by postnatal catch-up growth . 
Maternal protein restriction ( MPR ) during pregnancy and lactation in the rat has been previously demonstrated to lead to impaired glucose tolerance in adulthood , however the effects of protein restoration during weaning on glucose homeostasis are largely unknown . 
Recent in vitro studies have identified that the Liver X Receptor-α ( LXRα ) maintains glucose homeostasis by inhibiting critical genes involved in gluconeogenesis including G6Pase , 11β-HSD1 and PEPCK . 
Therefore , we hypothesized MPR with postnatal catch-up growth would impair LXRα in vivo , which in turn would lead to augmented gluconeogenic LXRα-target gene expression and glucose intolerance . 
To examine this hypothesis , pregnant Wistar rats were fed a control ( 20% ) protein diet ( C ) or a low ( 8% ) protein diet during pregnancy and switched to a control diet at birth ( LP ) . 
At four months , the LP offspring had impaired glucose tolerance . 
In additional , LP offspring had decreased LXRα expression , while hepatic expression of 11β-HSD1 and G6Pase were significantly higher . 
This was concomitant with decreased binding of LXRα to the putative LXRE on 11β-HSD1 and G6Pase . 
Finally , we demonstrated that the acetylation of Histone H3 [ K9 , 14 ] surrounding the transcriptional start site of hepatic LXRα was decreased in LP offspring , suggesting MPR-induced epigenetic silencing of the LXRα promoter . 
In summary , our study demonstrates for the first time the important role of LXRα in mediating enhanced hepatic gluconeogenic gene expression and consequent glucose intolerance in adult MPR offspring . Cytotoxic mechanism of Piper gaudichaudianum Kunth essential oil and its major compound nerolidol . We investigated the composition of essential oil from fingered citron ( Citrus medica L . 
var . 
sarcodactylis ) ( FCEO ) peels by GC-MS and its anti-inflammatory effects on lipopolysaccharide ( LPS ) - stimulated mouse macrophage ( RAW 264 . 7 ) cells . 
Fifteen compounds , representing 98 . 97% of the essential oil , were tentatively identified; the main constituents were limonene ( 52 . 44% ) and γ-terpinene ( 28 . 41% ) . 
FCEO significantly inhibited nitric oxide ( NO ) and prostaglandin E2 ( PGE2 ) by suppressing the protein expression of inducible nitric oxide synthase ( iNOS ) and cyclooxygenase ( COX ) -2 , respectively . 
Additionally , FCEO suppressed the production of tumor necrosis factor-α ( TNF-α ) , interleukin ( IL ) -1β , and IL-6 . 
FCEO attenuated LPS-induced nuclear factor-κB ( NF-κB ) activation via inhibition of inhibitor κB-α phosphorylation . 
Furthermore , FCEO blocked activation of c-Jun N-terminal kinase ( JNK ) and extracellular signal-regulated kinase ( ERK ) but not that of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase . 
These results indicate that FCEO inhibits LPS-stimulated inflammation by blocking the NF-κB , JNK , and ERK pathways in macrophages , and demonstrate that FCEO possesses anti-inflammatory properties . Depletion of striatal dopamine ( DA ) has been hypothesized to explain some of the neurological and psychiatric complications of chronic use of cocaine , including increased risk for neuroleptic-precipitated movement disorders . 
We measured levels of DA , as well as two DA nerve terminal indices , namely , the DA transporter ( DAT ) and the vesicular monoamine transporter ( VMAT2 ) in autopsied brain of 12 chronic cocaine users . 
Mean DA levels were normal in the putamen , the motor component of the striatum; however 4 of the 12 subjects had DA values below the lower limit of the control range . 
DA concentrations were significantly reduced in the caudate head ( head , -33%; tail , -39% ) with a trend for reduction in nucleus accumbens ( -27% ) . 
Striatal DAT protein ( -25 to -46% ) and VMAT2 ( -17 to -22% ) were reduced , whereas DAT determined by [ 3H ] WIN 35 , 428 binding was normal . 
In conclusion , our data suggest that chronic cocaine use is associated with modestly reduced levels of striatal DA and the DA transporter in some subjects and that these changes might contribute to the neurological and psychiatric effects of the drug . Angiotensin AT1 receptor antagonist losartan and the defence reaction in the anaesthetised rat . 
Effect on the carotid chemoreflex . Effects of the histamine H1 antagonist chlorcyclizine on rat fetal palate development . Environmental and genetic factors are thought to be involved in the pathogenesis of autoimmune thyroid diseases ( AITD ) , which include Graves' disease , Hashimoto's thyroiditis . 
Polymorphisms of vitamin D receptor ( VDR ) were implicated in AITDs risk . 
To date , many studies have evaluated the association between a functional polymorphism in the VDR gene and AITDs risk; however , the result is still ambiguous and inconclusive . 
To address the association of VDR gene FokI ( rs10735810 ) , TaqI ( rs731236 ) , BsmI ( rs1544410 ) , and ApaI ( rs7975232 ) polymorphisms with AITD risk by meta-analysis . 
By searching the relevant literature , a total of eight studies were identified and meta-analyzed . 
HWE for each study are checked . 
Crude odds ratios ( OR ) with 95 % confidence intervals ( CIs ) were used to assess the strength of association in the allele polymorphism , codominant model , dominant model , and recessive model . 
The result indicates that the BsmI or TaqI polymorphisms is significantly associated with AITD risk ( OR = 0 . 801 95 % CI 0 . 705 , 0 . 910 , Pz = 0 . 001 for B vs . 
b; OR = 0 . 854 , 95 % CI 0 . 757 , 0 . 963 , Pz = 0 . 010 for t vs . 
T ) , while the ApaI or FokI polymorphism do not . 
In the subgroup analysis in Europeans , the decreased risk of AITD remained for the B or t variant . 
This gene-based analysis indicates that , based on current evidence from published studies , the cumulative effect of BsmI or TaqI polymorphisms in VDR is significantly associated with AITD . Infusion of ACTH stimulates expression of adrenal ACTH receptor and steroidogenic acute regulatory protein mRNA in fetal sheep . Gonadotropin-releasing hormone receptor gene expression during pubertal development of male rats . DRF 2655 : a unique molecule that reduces body weight and ameliorates metabolic abnormalities . Interleukin ( IL ) -6 is critical for the febrile response to peripheral immune challenge . 
However , the mechanism by which IL-6 enables fever is still unknown . 
To characterise the IL-6-dependent fever generating pathway , we used microarray analysis to identify differentially expressed genes in the brain of lipopolysaccharide ( LPS ) -treated IL-6 wild-type and knockout mice . 
Mice lacking IL-6 displayed a two-fold lower expression of the lipocalin-2 gene ( lcn2 ) , and this difference was confirmed by real-time reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction . 
Conversely , the induction of lipocalin-2 protein was observed in brain vascular cells following i . 
p . 
administration of recombinant IL-6 , suggesting a direct relationship between IL-6 and lipocalin-2 . 
Immunohistochemical analysis also revealed that LPS-induced lipocalin-2 is expressed by brain endothelial cells and is partly co-localised with cyclooxygenase-2 ( Cox-2 ) , the rate-limiting enzyme for the production of inflammatory induced prostaglandin E ( 2 ) ( PGE ( 2 ) ) , which is the key mediator of fever . 
The direct role of lipocalin-2 in fever was examined in LPS-challenged lipocalin-2 knockout mice . 
In both male and female mice , normal fever responses were observed at near-thermoneutral conditions ( 29-30 °C ) but when recorded at normal room temperature ( 19-20 °C ) , the body temperature of lipocalin-2 knockout female mice displayed an attenuated fever response compared to their wild-type littermates . 
This difference was reflected in significantly attenuated mRNA expression of Cox-2 in the brain of lipocalin-2 knockout female mice , but not of male mice , following challenge with peripheral LPS . 
Our findings suggest that IL-6 influences the expression of lipocalin-2 , which in turn may be involved in the control of the formation of Cox-2 , and hence central PGE ( 2 ) -production . 
We have thus identified lipocalin-2 as a new factor in the pathway of inflammatory IL-6 signalling . 
However , the effect of lipocalin-2 on fever is small , being sex-dependent and ambient temperature-specific , and thus lipocalin-2 cannot be considered as a major mediator of the IL-6-dependent fever generating pathway . DNA methylation and histone modification profiles of mouse organic anion transporting polypeptides . Cerebral ischemia-induced difference in sensitivity to depression and potential therapeutics in rats . Calmodulin as a potential target by which berberine induce cell cycle arrest in human hepatoma Bel7402 cells . Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in affective disorders--I . 
Basic pharmacology . Covalent modification of stathmin by CCNU determined by FTMS analysis of modified proteins and tryptic peptides . BACKGROUND : An increasing body of evidence suggests that testosterone may exert beneficial effects against the development of atherosclerosis . 
These effects are thought to be the consequence of its conversion into estradiol and the activation of the estrogen receptors; however a direct role of androgens , such as dihydrotestosterone , has also been proposed . 
More recently , it has been shown that the transformation of the dihydrotestosterone to 5alpha-androstane-3alpha , 17beta-diol ( 3alpha-diol ) and 5alpha-androstane-3beta , 17beta-diol ( 3beta-Adiol ) , generates two molecules unable to bind the androgen receptor , but with a high affinity for the estrogen receptors ( ERs ) in particular the beta isoform . 
As the actions of testosterone may result from the balance between androgenic and estrogenic molecules originating from its catabolism , we investigated the effects of the 3beta-Adiol on inflammatory responses in vitro in human endothelial cells and ex vivo in mice aortas . 
METHODS AND RESULTS : 3beta-Adiol reverts the pro-inflammatory gene expression pattern induced by TNF-alpha in HUVECs as determined by a cDNA microrray approach . 
Q-real-time PCR and protein array approaches confirmed that TNF-alpha-induced ICAM-1 , VCAM-1 and ELAM-1 as well as MCP-1 and IL-6 induction was affected upon 3beta-Adiol pre-incubation . 
ICI 182780 , an estrogen receptor antagonist and R , R-THC , an estrogen receptor beta antagonist , counteracted the effect of 3beta-Adiol while bicalutamide , an androgen receptor antagonist , had minor effects . 
3beta-Adiol exerted a similar action on macrophages . 
Finally in castrated male mice , 3beta-Adiol significantly counteracted the LPS mediated mRNA induction of IL-6 , ELAM-1and PECAM-1 in the aortas . 
CONCLUSION : 3beta-Adiol reverts in vitro the TNF-alpha and LPS induced pro-inflammatory activation of endothelial cells and macrophages . 
3beta-Adiol in vivo modulates the inflammatory response induced by LPS in the arterial vascular wall . Nitric oxide is generated under normal and pathophysiological conditions by three distinct isoforms of nitric oxide synthase ( NOS ) . 
A small-molecule inhibitor of NOS ( 3-Br-7-nitroindazole , 7-NIBr ) is profoundly neuroprotective in mouse models of stroke and Parkinson's disease . 
We report the crystal structure of the catalytic heme domain of endothelial NOS complexed with 7-NIBr at 1 . 65 A resolution . 
Critical to the binding of 7-NIBr at the substrate site is the adoption by eNOS of an altered conformation , in which a key glutamate residue swings out toward one of the heme propionate groups . 
Perturbation of the heme propionate ensues and eliminates the cofactor tetrahydrobiopterin-heme interaction . 
We also present three crystal structures that reveal how alterations at the substrate site facilitate 7-NIBr and structurally dissimilar ligands to occupy the cofactor site . Systemic administration of morphine induced a hyperalgesic response in the hot plate test , at an extremely low dose ( 1-10 microg / kg ) . 
We have examined in vivo whether morphine , at an extremely low dose , induces acute central hypernociception following activation of the opioid receptor-mediated PLC / PKC inositol-lipid signaling pathway . 
The PLC inhibitor U73122 and the PKC blocker , calphostin C , dose dependently prevented the thermal hypernociception induced by morphine . 
This effect was also prevented by pretreatment with aODN against PLCbeta3 at 2 nmol / mouse and PKCgamma at 2-3 nmol / mouse . 
Low dose morphine hyperalgesia was dose dependently reversed by selective NMDA antagonist MK801 and ketamine . 
This study demonstrates the presence of a nociceptive PLCbeta3 / PKCgamma / NMDA pathway stimulated by low concentrations of morphine , through muOR1 receptor , in mouse brain . 
This signaling pathway appears to play an opposing role in morphine analgesia . 
When mice were treated with a morphine analgesic dose ( 7 mg / kg ) , the downregulation of PLCbeta3 or PKCgamma at the same aODN doses used for the prevention of the hyperalgesic effect induced , respectively , a 46% and 67% potentiation in analgesic response . 
Experimental and clinical studies suggest that opioid may activate pronociceptive systems , leading to pain hypersensitivity and short-term tolerance , a phenomenon encountered in postoperative pain management by acute opioid administration . 
The clinical management of pain by morphine may be revisited in light of the identification of the signaling molecules of the hyperalgesic pathway . Eight new compounds , including two cyclopenta [ b ] benzopyran derivatives ( 1 , 2 ) , two cyclopenta [ b ] benzofuran derivatives ( 3 , 4 ) , three cycloartane triterpenoids ( 5-7 ) , and an apocarotenoid ( 8 ) , together with 16 known compounds , were isolated from the chloroform-soluble partitions of separate methanol extracts of a combination of the fruits , leaves , and twigs and of the roots of Aglaia perviridis collected in Vietnam . 
Isolation work was monitored using human colon cancer cells ( HT-29 ) and facilitated with an LC / MS dereplication procedure . 
The structures of the new compounds ( 1-8 ) were determined on the basis of spectroscopic data interpretation . 
The Mosher ester method was employed to determine the absolute configurations of 5-7 , and the absolute configuration of the 9 , 10-diol unit of compound 8 was established by a dimolybdenum tetraacetate [ Mo2 ( AcO ) 4 ] induced circular dichroism procedure . 
Seven known rocaglate derivatives ( 9-15 ) exhibited significant cytotoxicity against the HT-29 cell line , with rocaglaol ( 9 ) being the most potent ( ED50 0 . 0007 μM ) . 
The new compounds 2-4 were also active against this cell line , with ED50 values ranging from 0 . 46 to 4 . 7 μM . 
The cytotoxic compounds were evaluated against a normal colon cell line , CCD-112CoN . 
In addition , the new compound perviridicin B ( 2 ) , three known rocaglate derivatives ( 9 , 11 , 12 ) , and a known sesquiterpene , 2-oxaisodauc-5-en-12-al ( 17 ) , showed significant NF-κB ( p65 ) inhibitory activity in an ELISA assay . 5 beta-Methyl-14 beta- ( p-nitrocinnamoylamino ) -7 , 8-dihydromorphinone ( MET-CAMO ) and its corresponding N-cyclopropylmethyl analog , N-cyclopropylmethylnor-5 beta-methyl-14 beta- ( p-nitrocinnamoylamino ) - 7 , 8-dihydromorphinone ( N-CPM-MET-CAMO ) were tested in opioid receptor binding assays and in the mouse tail-flick test in order to characterize the affinity , selectivity and antinociceptive properties of these two compounds . 
Incubating bovine striatal membranes with either MET-CAMO or N-CPM-MET-CAMO produced a wash-resistant , concentration- and time-dependent inhibition of the binding of the mu-selective ligand , [ 3H ] - [ D-Ala2 , MePhe4 , Gly ( ol ) 5 ] enkephalin , but with no change in delta or kappa binding . 
Preincubating membranes with N-CPM-MET-CAMO decreased the maximum binding value for [ 3H ] - [ D-Ala2 , MePhe4 , Gly ( ol ) 5 ] enkephalin binding without changing the Kd value . 
In the mouse tail-flick assay , MET-CAMO and N-CPM-MET-CAMO did not produce any antinociception up to a dose of 100 nmol after i . 
c . 
v . 
administration . 
However , pretreatment of mice with either compound produced a time- and dose-dependent antagonism of morphine-induced antinociception . 
Analgesia mediated by delta or kappa opioids was not altered by either MET-CAMO or N-CPM-MET-CAMO at a dose of up to 100 nmol . 
The mu antagonistic effect of 1 nmol of MET-CAMO and N-CPM-MET-CAMO appeared at 8 hr and lasted up to 72 hr , with a maximal effect at 16 to 24 hr after i . 
c . 
v . 
administration . 
Pretreatment of mice with 1 nmol of MET-CAMO or N-CPM-MET-CAMO , given by i . 
c . 
v . 
administration at -24 hr , produced a rightward and downward shift of dose-response line of i . 
c . 
v . 
morphine . 
( ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS ) The effects of blockade of serotonin ( 5-HT ) and norepinephrine ( NE ) transporters ( SERT and NET , respectively ) on the removal of locally applied 5-HT from extracellular fluid ( ECF ) were examined using in vivo chronoamperometry . 
Male Sprague-Dawley rats were anesthetized with chloralose / urethane , and a Nafion-coated , carbon fiber electrode attached to a multibarrel micropipette was positioned into either the dentate gyrus or CA3 region of the dorsal hippocampus . 
Pressure ejection of 5-HT elicited reproducible electrochemical signals of similar peak amplitude and time course in both structures . 
Local application of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( SSRI ) fluvoxamine and citalopram prolonged the clearance of 5-HT in both brain regions and also increased signal amplitude in the CA3 region . 
These effects were abolished in rats pretreated with 5 , 7-dihydroxytryptamine ( 5 , 7-DHT ) , a selective 5-HT neurotoxin . 
The NE uptake inhibitors desipramine ( DMI ) and protriptyline did not alter the 5-HT signal in the CA3 region but prolonged the clearance of 5-HT in the dentate gyrus; this effect was absent in rats pretreated with 6-hydroxydopamine ( 6-OHDA ) , a selective catecholamine neurotoxin . 
The prolongation of the removal of 5-HT from the ECF in the dentate gyrus caused by fluvoxamine or desipramine was of comparable magnitude and was dose dependent . 
Furthermore , per picomole of 5-HT applied , the signal amplitude and clearance time were significantly increased in the dentate gyrus of rats lesioned with either 5 , 7-DHT or 6-OHDA . 
Only 5 , 7-DHT treatment caused this effect in the CA3 region . 
From these data , it is inferred that in certain regions of brain ( dentate gyrus ) , both the SERT and NET contribute to the active clearance of exogenously applied 5-HT . In this study , we report thermosensitive hydrogels based on poly ( ethylene glycol ) -block-poly ( γ-propargyl-l-glutamate ) ( PEG-PPLG ) . 
( 13 ) C NMR spectra , DLS , and circular dichroism spectra were employed to study the mechanism of the sol-gel phase transition . 
Mouse fibroblast L929 cells were encapsulated and cultured within the hydrogel matrices , and the encapsulated cells were shown to be highly viable in the gel matrices , suggesting that the hydrogels have excellent cytocompatibilities . 
The mass loss of the hydrogels in vitro was accelerated by the presence of proteinase K compared to the control group . 
In vivo biocompatibility studies revealed that the in situ formed gels in the subcutaneous layer last for ∼21 days , and H&E staining study suggested acceptable biocompatibility of our materials in vivo . 
The presence of alkynyl side groups in the PEG-PPLG copolymers allowed convenient further functionalization with azide-modified bioactive molecules , such as biotin and galactose . 
The biofunctionalized PEG-polypeptide block copolymers showed sol-gel phase transitions similar to the parent copolymers . 
Interestingly , the incorporation of galactose groups into the hydrogels was found to improve cell adhesion , likely due to the adsorption of fibronectin ( FN ) in cell-extracellular matrix ( ECM ) . 
Because bioactive materials have shown unique advantages in biomedical applications , especially tissue engineering and regenerative medicine applications , we believe our novel functionalizable thermosensitive hydrogels have potential to serve as a versatile platform for the development of new biofunctional materials , for example , bioadhesive and bioresponsive hydrogels . Inhibition of matrix metalloproteinases ( MMPs ) as a potential strategy to ameliorate hypertension-induced cardiovascular alterations . The human butyrylcholinesterase ( BChE ) activity is less than 1% in the serum of silent variant individuals of Vysya community in India . 
They are homozygous for a point mutation at codon 307 ( CTT→CCT ) resulting in the substitution of leucine 307 by proline . 
The reason for the disappearance of the protein in the serum has not been explicated till date . 
Based on this background , we performed molecular dynamics simulation to probe the structural stability of Indian variant ( L307P ) in comparison with wild and other BChE variants ( D70G , E497V , V142M ) having differential esterase activity . 
The simulation of all the mutants except D70G showed a much larger Cα root mean square deviation from the wild BChE crystal structure , showing the overall conformational disturbance . 
Further analysis revealed that secondary structure of the mutant proteins was not stable . 
The orientation of the catalytic triad is also distorted in all the mutants . 
The distance between δ nitrogen of His438 to ε oxygen of Glu325 and ε nitrogen of His438 to γ oxygen of Ser198 were highly altered in L307P mutant than the wild and other three variants throughout the simulation . 
Such disparity of distances between the catalytic residues may be due to the change in the protein conformation attributing to their differential catalytic activity . 
Our studies thus prove that the Indian BChE L307P mutant with negligible activity is possibly due to its structural instability when compared to other BChE variants . Vitamin C forestalls cigarette smoke induced NF-κB activation in alveolar epithelial cells . BRS-3 KO-mice developed obesity and unbalanced glucose metabolism , suggesting an important role of BRS-3 receptor in glucose homeostasis . 
We explored BRS-3 expression in skeletal muscle from normal , obese or type-2 diabetic ( T2D ) patients , and the effect of [ D-Phe ( 6 ) , β-Ala ( 11 ) , Phe ( 13 ) , Nle ( 14 ) ] bombesin ( 6-14 ) -BRS-3-agonist-peptide ( BRS-3-AP ) - on glucose-related effects , before or after BRS-3 gene silencing . 
In muscle tissue and primary cultured myocytes from altered metabolic states , BRS-3 gene / protein expressions were down-regulated . 
In normal , obese and T2D cells : A ) BRS-3-AP as insulin enhanced BRS-3 and GLUT-4 mRNA / protein levels; improving glucotransporter translocation to plasma membrane , and B ) BRS-3-AP caused a concentration-related-stimulation of glucose transport , being obese and T2D myocytes more sensitive to the ligand than normal . 
Wortmannin and PD98059 , but not rapamycin , abolished the stimulatory action of BRS-3-AP on glucose transport . 
BRS-3 plays an important role in glucose metabolism , and could be use as a molecular target , and / or its ligand , as a therapeutic agent for obesity and diabetes treatments . Salt bridge switching from Arg290 / Glu167 to Arg290 / ATP promotes the closed-to-open transition of the P2X2 receptor . The aromatase enzyme , which converts androstenedione to oestrone , regulates the availability of oestrogen to support the growth of hormone-dependent breast tumours . 
Cytokines , such as interleukin 6 ( IL-6 ) and tumour necrosis factor alpha ( TNFalpha ) or prostaglandin E ( 2 ) ( PGE ( 2 ) ) , can stimulate aromatase activity . 
These factors may originate from cells of the immune system that infiltrate breast tumours . 
Paclitaxel , which is used in the treatment of breast cancer , stabilizes microtubules and has previously been shown to rapidly down-regulate TNF-receptors on human macrophages . 
The endogenous oestrogen metabolite , 2-methoxyestradiol ( 2-meOE2 ) , also acts to stabilize microtubules . 
In this study , we have examined the ability of paclitaxel or 2-meOE2 to antagonise TNFalpha-stimulated aromatase activity in stromal fibroblasts derived from normal or malignant breast tissues . 
Paclitaxel inhibited basal and TNFalpha-stimulated aromatase activities by 88% and 91% respectively . 
2-MeOE2 also reduced basal and TNFalpha-stimulated aromatase activities by 46% and 56% respectively . 
Both paclitaxel and 2-meOE2 also inhibited stimulation of aromatase activity by IL-6 plus its soluble receptor and PGE ( 2 ) . 
The 16alpha-hydroxylated derivative of 2-meoE2 and 2-meOE3 , which does not bind to microtubules , was less effective at inhibiting TNFalpha-stimulated aromatase activity . 
Increased 2-hydroxylation of oestrogens , and subsequent formation of their 2-methoxy derivatives , may be associated with a reduced risk of breast cancer . 
It is possible that the pathway of oestrogen metabolism may influence the ability of stromal cells to respond to cytokine stimulation . Quercetin prevents protein nitration and glycolytic block of proliferation in hydrogen peroxide insulted cultured neuronal precursor cells ( NPCs ) : Implications on CNS regeneration . Function of the blood-brain barrier and restriction of drug delivery to invasive glioma cells : findings in an orthotopic rat xenograft model of glioma . Anoectochilus roxburghii is a traditional Chinese herb used for the treatment of diabetes and some other diseases . 
The vascular protective effect of its major active ingredient , kinsenoside , in high glucose conditions was investigated in in vivo and in vitro experiments . 
In in vivo tests , kinsenoside ( 50 and 100mg / kg ) efficiently lowered blood glucose and cholesterol levels and it enhanced the oxidation resistance of diabetic mice induced by streptozotocin . 
In the in vitro assay , kinsenoside ( 20 and 50μg / mL ) markedly inhibited changes in various biochemical substances ( nitric oxide ( NO ) , lactic dehydrogenase ( LDH ) , superoxide dismutase ( SOD ) , and catalase ( CAT ) ) in human umbilical vein endothelial cells ( HUVECs ) damaged by high glucose ( 35mM ) and restored vascular endothelial structure by balancing the matrix metalloproteinases-the tissue inhibitors of matrix metalloproteinases ( MMP-TIMP ) system . 
The vascular protective effects of kinsenoside were speculated to be attributed to oxidative stress inhibition and the reduction of nuclear factor kappa B ( NF-κB ) mRNA expression levels in high glucose conditions . 
Moreover , histological examination , including hematoxylin-eosin ( H&E ) staining , masson trichrome ( Masson ) staining , and periodic Schiff-methenamine ( PASM ) staining , greatly supported the morphological and functional amelioration of diabetes-related changes in mice aortas after kinsenoside ( 20 and 50μg / mL ) treatment . 
These results indicated that kinsenoside might be a promising agent for the treatment of diabetic vascular disease . 2 , 3 , 7 , 8-Tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin ( TCDD ) has been known to induce inflammatory signaling in a number of cell types and tissues . 
However , the adverse effects of TCDD on the central nervous system ( CNS ) have not been entirely elucidated . 
In this study , using reverse transcriptase PCR ( RT-PCR ) and ELISA , we showed that TCDD up-regulated the expression and secretion of tumor necrosis factor-alpha ( TNF-α ) in a time-dependent manner in cultured HAPI microglial cells . 
TCDD also caused a fast ( within 30min as judged by the increase in its mRNA level ) activation of cytosolic phospholipase A2 ( cPLA2 ) . 
This initial action was accompanied by up-regulation of cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) , an important inflammation marker within 1h after TCDD treatment . 
These pro-inflammatory responses were inhibited by two types of Ca ( 2 + ) blockers , bis- ( o-aminophenoxy ) ethane-N , N , N' , N'-tetra-acetic acid acetoxymethyl ester ( BAPTA-AM ) and nifedipine , thus , indicating that the effects are triggered by initial increase in the intracellular concentration of free Ca ( 2 + ) ( [ Ca ( 2 + ) ] i ) . 
Further , TCDD exposure could induce phosphorylation- and ubiquitination-dependent degradation of IкBα , and the translocation of NF-κB p65 from the cytosol to the nucleus in this microglial cell line . 
Thus , the NF-κB signaling pathway can be activated after TCDD treatment . 
However , Ca ( 2 + ) blockers also obviously attenuated NF-κB activation and transnuclear transport induced by TCDD . 
In concert with these results , we highlighted that the secretion of pro-inflammatory cytokine and NF-κB activation induced by TCDD can be mediated by elevation of [ Ca ( 2 + ) ] i in HAPI microglial cells . Tumor necrosis factor-related apoptosis-inducing ligand ( TRAIL ) is one of the most promising candidates for new cancer therapeutics . 
However , resistance to TRAIL in some cancers remains a current problem in recent . 
The protein-folding compartment of the endoplasmic reticulum ( ER ) is particularly sensitive to disturbances , which , if severe , may trigger apoptosis . 
Therefore , we examined whether verrucarin A ( VA ) sensitize TRAIL-induced apoptosis in cancer cells by induction of ER stress . 
We first found that VA induces a major molecule of ER stress , CCAAT / enhancer binding protein homologous protein ( CHOP ) -dependent DR5 induction and subsequently increases TRAIL-induced cleavage of caspases and PARP in TRAIL-resistant Hep3B cells . 
Importantly , the transient knockdown using siRNA for CHOP abrogated VA-induced DR5 expression and attenuated TRAIL-induced apoptosis . 
Treatment with VA also increased the levels of phosphorylation of eukaryotic translation initiation factor-2α ( eIF2α ) , which is a common cellular response of ER stress . 
Furthermore , salubrinal , a specific eIF2α phosphorylation-inducing agent , increased CHOP and DR5 expression in the presence of VA . 
In contrast , transfection of mutant-eIF2α significantly reversed VA-induced apoptosis with downregulation of CHOP-dependent DR5 expression . 
Therefore , VA-induced eIF2α phosphorylation seemed to be important for CHOP and DR5 upregulation and TRAIL-induced apoptosis . 
In addition , generation of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) is an effector molecular in sensitization of VA-induced ER stress . 
We concluded that VA triggers TRAIL-induced apoptosis by eIF2α / CHOP-dependent DR5 induction via ROS generation . Ergotamine and dihydroergotamine share structural similarities with the adrenergic , dopaminergic , and serotonergic neurotransmitters . 
As a result , they have wide-ranging effects on the physiologic processes that they mediate . 
Ergotamine and dihydroergotamine are highly potent at the 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D antimigraine receptors and , as a consequence , the plasma concentrations that are necessary to produce the appropriate therapeutic and physiologic effects are very low . 
The broad spectrum of activity at other monoamine receptors is responsible for their side effect profile ( dysphoria , nausea , emesis , unnecessary vascular effects ) . 
Both ergotamine and dihydroergotamine have sustained vasoconstrictor actions . 
In acute migraine treatment , their mechanisms of action involve constricting the pain-producing intracranial extracerebral blood vessels at the 5-HT1B receptors and inhibiting the trigeminal neurotransmission at the peripheral and central 5-HT1D receptors . 
The scientific evidence for efficacy is stronger for dihydroergotamine than for ergotamine . 
Their wide use is based on long-term experience . Organization of the human carboxypeptidase E gene and molecular scanning for mutations in Japanese subjects with NIDDM or obesity . Excessive level of estrogen is considered as a main cause of breast cancer , therefore , many studies have focused on estrogen receptor ( ER ) -positive breast cancer , even though ER-negative cancer has a poor prognosis than ER-positive breast cancer . 
We evaluated the anti-cancer effects of Ginkgo biloba extract ( GBE ) in estrogen-independent breast cancer . 
GBE has been traditionally used as a platelet activating factor , a circulatory stimulant , a tonic , and anti-asthmatic drug , and anti-cancer agent . 
However , anti-cancer effects of GBE on ER-negative breast cancer have not been proved yet . 
In this study , we tested chemotherapeutic potential of GBE in the MDA-MB-231 ( ER-negative ) human breast cancer cell line . 
Our results showed that cytotoxicity effects of GBE in MDA-MB-231 lead to DNA fragmentation at high concentrations ( 500 and 1 , 000 μg / ml ) . 
Caspase-3 was significantly activated and mRNA levels of apoptosis-related genes ( Bcl-2 and Bax ) were altered . 
These results indicate that GBE induces apoptosis in MDA-MB-231 cells . 
It is presumed that GBE has chemopreventive effects in ER-independent breast cancer through anti-proliferation and apoptosis-inducing activities . UNLABELLED : MODE OF ACTION OF NON-STEROIDAL ANTI-INFLAMMATORY DRUGS : Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( NSAID ) exert their major therapeutic and adverse effects by inhibition of prostanoid synthesis . 
Also the interactions with antihypertensive drugs and lithium are caused by this mechanism of action . 
Cyclooxygenation is a key enzymatic step in the synthesis of prostanoids . 
1990 2 isoforms of the enzyme cyclooxygenase have been identified : Prostanoids synthesized by the constitutive cyclooxygenase ( COX-1 ) are involved in physiological homeostasis . 
In contrast , the inducible cyclooxygenase ( COX-2 ) produces large amounts of prostanoids , mainly contributing to the pathophysiological process of inflammation . 
COX-2 SELECTIVE NSAID : The discovery of the cyclooxgenase-isoenzymes ushered in a new generation of NSAID : A drug with selectivity for COX-2 would inhibit proinflammatory prostanoid synthesis while sparing physiologic prostanoid synthesis . 
Thus , a selective COX-2 inhibitor should be anti-inflammatory with less or no gastrointestinal or other NSAID-typical adverse effects . 
The experiences with currently used NSAID , which show an increasing incidence of side effects as COX-1 inhibition increases , and studies with the COX-2 selective NSAID salsalate and meloxicam , which have less adverse effects than nonselective COX inhibitors in equivalent antiphlogistic dosage , prove the concept of selective COX-2 inhibition to avoid the NSAID typical side effects . 
Newly developed drugs with a very high selectivity for COX-2 are now tested in clinical trials . 
CONCLUSION : So far the results suggest , that selective and highly selective COX-2 inhibitors have significantly fewer gastrointestinal and renal adverse effects and do not inhibit platelet aggregation . Haloperidol promotes mTORC1-dependent phosphorylation of ribosomal protein S6 via dopamine- and cAMP-regulated phosphoprotein of 32 kDa and inhibition of protein phosphatase-1 . Risperidone is metabolized to its active metabolite , 9-hydroxyrisperidone , mainly by the cytochrome P450 enzymes CYP2D6 and 3A4 . 
Its antipsychotic effect is assumed to be related to the active moiety , that is , the sum of risperidone and 9-hydroxyrisperidone . 
Both risperidone and 9-hydroxyrisperidone are substrates of P-glycoprotein ( P-gp ) , a transport protein involved in drug absorption , distribution , and elimination . 
The aim of the present study was to evaluate the influence of polymorphisms in genes encoding CYP3A5 and P-gp ( ABCB1 ) on the steady-state plasma levels of risperidone , 9-hydroxyrisperidone , and the active moiety , taking CYP2D6 genotype status into account . 
Forty-six white patients with schizophrenia treated with risperidone ( 1-10 mg / d ) in monotherapy for 4-6 weeks were genotyped , and their plasma concentrations of risperidone and 9-hydroxyrisperidone were measured . 
Dose-corrected plasma concentrations ( C / D ) of risperidone , 9-hydroxyrisperidone , and active moiety showed up to 68- , 9- , and 10-fold interindividual variation , respectively . 
Six patients carried 1 CYP3A5*1 allele and therefore were likely to express the CYP3A5 enzyme . 
The CYP3A5 genotype did not influence risperidone , 9-hydroxyrisperidone , or active moiety C / Ds . 
The CYP2D6 genotype in these 46 patients was again associated with risperidone C / D ( P = 0 . 001 ) but not with 9-hydroxyrisperidone C / D or active moiety C / D , as previously shown by our group in 37 of these patients . 
Patients homozygous for the ABCB1 3435T / 2677T / 1236T haplotype had significantly lower C / Ds of 9-hydroxyrisperidone ( P = 0 . 026 ) and active moiety ( P = 0 . 028 ) than patients carrying other ABCB1 genotypes . 
In conclusion , our results confirmed the significant effect of CYP2D6 genotype on the steady-state plasma levels of risperidone and showed that ABCB1 polymorphisms have a moderate effect on those of 9-hydroxyrisperidone and the active moiety . ApoE derived from adipose tissue does not suppress atherosclerosis or correct hyperlipidemia in apoE knockout mice . Effects of rivastigmine and donepezil on brain acetylcholine levels in acetylcholinesterase-deficient mice . Sandalwood finds numerous mentions across diverse traditional medicinal systems in use worldwide . 
The objective of this study was to evaluate the in vivo anti-hyperglycemic and antioxidant potential of sandalwood oil and its major constituent α-santalol . 
The in vivo anti-hyperglycemic experiment was conducted in alloxan-induced diabetic male Swiss albino mice models . 
The in vivo antioxidant experiment was performed in d-galactose mediated oxidative stress induced male Swiss albino mice models . 
Intraperitoneal administration of α-santalol ( 100mg / kg BW ) and sandalwood oil ( 1g / kg BW ) for an week modulated parameters such as body weight , blood glucose , serum bilirubin , liver glycogen , and lipid peroxides contents to normoglycemic levels in the alloxan-induced diabetic mice . 
Similarly , intraperitoneal administration of α-santalol ( 100mg / kg BW ) and sandalwood oil ( 1g / kg BW ) for two weeks modulated parameters such as serum aminotransferases , alkaline phosphatase , bilirubin , superoxide dismutase , catalase , free sulfhydryl , protein carbonyl , nitric oxide , liver lipid peroxide contents , and antioxidant capacity in d-galactose mediated oxidative stress induced mice . 
Besides , it was observed that the beneficial effects of α-santalol were well complimented , differentially by other constituents present in sandalwood oil , thus indicating synergism in biological activity of this traditionally used bioresource . The increased number of Leydig cells by di ( 2-ethylhexyl ) phthalate comes from the differentiation of stem cells into Leydig cell lineage in the adult rat testis . Thiazolidinediones ( TZDs ) affect osteoblast viability and biomarkers independently of the TZD effects on aromatase . A genome-wide association study of bronchodilator response in asthmatics . Oral lorcaserin ( BELVIQ ( ® ) ) , a selective serotonin 5-HT2C receptor agonist , is indicated in the US as an adjunct to diet and exercise in the chronic weight management of obese adults , or overweight adults with at least one weight-related comorbidity ( e . 
g . 
dyslipidaemia , hypertension , type 2 diabetes ) . 
This article reviews the pharmacological properties , therapeutic efficacy and tolerability of oral lorcaserin in this patient population . 
In three large randomized , double-blind , multicentre studies , oral lorcaserin was more effective than placebo in the management of obese and overweight adults with or without type 2 diabetes mellitus . 
Following 12 months' therapy , significantly higher proportions of lorcaserin than placebo recipients achieved a ≥5 and ≥10 % reduction from baseline in their bodyweight and a significant between-group difference favouring lorcaserin over placebo was observed for the change from baseline in bodyweight . 
Moreover , among patients who had achieved a ≥5 % reduction in their bodyweight after 12 months' therapy with lorcaserin , a significantly higher proportion who received lorcaserin for a further 12 months than those who switched to placebo maintained ≥5 % weight loss at 24 months . 
In general , oral lorcaserin was well tolerated in clinical studies , with hypoglycaemia and headache the most frequently reported adverse events in those with or without type 2 diabetes , respectively . 
According to a pooled analysis , the risk of US-FDA-defined valvulopathy with lorcaserin is generally low and not statistically significantly different from placebo . 
From these and other data , the FDA has concluded that lorcaserin is unlikely to elevate the risk of valvulopathy . Cardioprotective effect of salvianolic acid B against arsenic trioxide-induced injury in cardiac H9c2 cells via the PI3K / Akt signal pathway . 17 beta- ( N-tert-butylcarbamoyl ) -4-aza-5 alpha-androstan-1-en-3-one is an active site-directed slow time-dependent inhibitor of human steroid 5 alpha-reductase 1 . Effect of chronic renal failure on arginase and argininosuccinate synthetase expression . Thymidylate kinase : an old topic brings new perspectives . Chemical modification of proteins is often carried out to generate protein-small molecule conjugates for various applications . 
The high resolution and mass accuracy of a Fourier transform mass spectrometer is particularly useful for assessing the extent or sites of covalent modifications . 
As protein-small molecule reactions often produce products with variable numbers of the compound incorporated at different sites , a direct mass analysis of the reaction products at times yields mass spectra hard to interpret . 
Chromatographic separation at protein level could reduce the complexity of a sample , thus allowing more accurate mass spectrometric analysis . 
In this report , we demonstrate the utility of reversed-phase protein chromatography and FT-ICR mass spectrometry in analyzing CCNU ( lomustine , 1- ( 2-chloroethyl ) -3-cyclohexyl-1-nitroso-urea , MW : 233 . 7Da ) modification of stathmin . 
With this combined approach , we determined the stoichiometry as well as sites of CCNU incorporation into the protein , demonstrating differential reactivity of several lysyl residues to CCNU alkylation . This work aims to resolve some controversies about astatine ( III ) hydroxide species present in oxidant aqueous solution . 
AtO ( + ) is the dominant species existing under oxidizing and acidic pH conditions . 
This is consistent with high-performance ion-exchange chromatography data showing the existence of one species holding one positive charge . 
A change in speciation occurs as the pH changes from 1 to 4 , while remaining under oxidizing conditions . 
Dynamic experiments with ion-exchange resins evidence the existence of a neutral species witnessed by its elution in the void volume . 
Batch-experiments using a competition method show the exchange of one proton indicating the formation of the AtO ( OH ) species . 
The hydrolysis thermodynamic constant , extrapolated to zero ionic strength , was determined to be 10 ( -1 . 9 ) . 
This value is supported by two-component relativistic quantum calculations and therefore allows disclosing unambiguously the structure of the formed species . Apoptosis inducing activity of benzophenanthridine-type alkaloids and 2-arylbenzofuran neolignans in HCT116 colon carcinoma cells . Influence of developmental lead exposure on expression of DNA methyltransferases and methyl cytosine-binding proteins in hippocampus . Predictive modeling of insulin release profile from cross-linked chitosan microspheres . Adenylosuccinate synthetase ( AdSS ) catalyses the Mg ( 2 + ) dependent formation of adenylosuccinate from IMP and aspartate , the reaction being driven by the hydrolysis of GTP to GDP . 
All characterized AdSS thus far exhibit a random kinetic mechanism . 
We present here kinetic evidence that unlike all other AdSS , Plasmodium falciparum AdSS ( PfAdSS ) has ordered substrate binding . 
Inhibition studies show that binding of GTP requires IMP binding while aspartate binds to the enzyme-IMP-GTP complex . 
A structural basis for this difference in mechanism is presented . 
Kinetically , PfAdSS is closer to the mouse acidic isozyme rather than to the mouse basic isozyme . 
The mouse acidic isozyme is thought to play a role in the purine nucleotide biosynthetic pathway . 
Regulation of PfAdSS in vivo can therefore , be expected to be similar to the mouse acidic isozyme , in agreement with the role of PfAdSS as the only pathway for the synthesis of adenine nucleotides in the parasite . 
However , PfAdSS differs from both the mammalian homologs in that fructose-1 , 6-bisphosphate , a potent inhibitor of the mammalian enzyme , is an activator of PfAdSS . 
The differences highlighted here are promising in terms of species-specific drug design , targeting this essential enzyme in the parasite . CONCLUSION : The high density of [ 3H ] -pranlukast binding sites on the local leukocytes in human nasal mucosa suggests that CysLT1 receptor antagonists may directly modulate cellular function of the local leukocytes through binding to CysLT1 receptor on allergic nasal mucosa . 
OBJECTIVES : The cysteinyl leukotrienes ( CysLTs ) are lipid mediators that have been implicated in the pathogenesis of allergic diseases . 
Pharmacological studies using CysLTs indicate that two classes of receptors named CysLT1 and CysLT2 receptor exist . 
The former is sensitive to the CysLT1 receptor antagonist currently used to treat asthma and allergic rhinitis . 
To confirm the binding sites of CysLT1 receptor antagonist in human nasal mucosa , the autoradiographic distribution of CysLT1 receptor was studied in human nasal inferior turbinates . 
MATERIALS AND METHODS : Cryostat sections were incubated with [ 3H ] -pranlukast for autoradiography . 
Nonspecific binding was determined by adding unlabelled pranlukast . 
RESULTS : Autoradiograms indicated [ 3H ] -pranlukast densely labeled on the interstitial cells . 
Blood vessels were sparsely labeled . 
There was no specific labeling in the submucosal glands or epithelium . 
These results support our previous report from in situ hybridization and immunohistochemistry of CysLT1 receptor . Thioredoxin protects cells against oxidative damage by reducing disulfide bonds in improperly oxidized proteins . 
Previously , we found that the baker's yeast cytosolic thioredoxin Trx2 undergoes cross-linking to form several protein-protein complexes in cells treated with the bifunctional electrophile divinyl sulfone ( DVSF ) . 
Here , we report that the peroxiredoxin Tsa1 and the thioredoxin reductase Trr1 , both of which function in a redox relay network with thioredoxin , become cross-linked in complexes with Trx2 upon DVSF treatment . 
Treatment of yeast with other bifunctional electrophiles , including diethyl acetylenedicarboxylate ( DAD ) , mechlorethamine ( HN2 ) , and 1 , 2 , 3 , 4-diepoxybutane ( DEB ) , resulted in the formation of similar cross-linked complexes . 
Cross-linking of Trx2 and Tsa1 to other proteins by DVSF and DAD is dependent on modification of the active site Cys residues within these proteins . 
In addition , the human cytosolic thioredoxin , cytosolic thioredoxin reductase , and peroxiredoxin 2 form cross-linked complexes to other proteins in the presence of DVSF , although each protein shows different susceptibilities to modification by DAD , HN2 , and DEB . 
Taken together , our results indicate that bifunctional electrophiles potentially disrupt redox homeostasis in yeast and human cells by forming cross-linked complexes between thioredoxins and their redox partners . In vitro metabolism of the 5-hydroxytryptamine1B receptor antagonist elzasonan . Effect of dietary treatment with dimethylarsinous acid ( DMA ( III ) ) on the urinary bladder epithelium of arsenic ( + 3 oxidation state ) methyltransferase ( As3mt ) knockout and C57BL / 6 wild type female mice . Thyroid Ca2 + / NADPH-dependent H2O2 generation is partially inhibited by propylthiouracil and methimazole . Mifepristone alters expression of endometrial steroid receptors and their cofactors in new users of medroxyprogesterone acetate . Pseudoephedrine / ephedrine shows potent anti-inflammatory activity against TNF-alpha-mediated acute liver failure induced by lipopolysaccharide / D-galactosamine . CASK is a new intracellular modulator of P2X3 receptors . Glucocorticoids ( GCs ) influence a great variety of cellular functions by at least three important modes of action : the activation ( or repression ) of genes controlled by binding sites for the glucocorticoid receptor ( GR ) , the induction of apoptosis in lymphocytes and the recently discovered cross-talk to other transcription factors such as NF-kappaB . 
In this study we systematically compared various natural and synthetic steroid hormones frequently used as therapeutic agents on their ability to mediate these three modes of action . 
Betamethasone , triamcinolone , dexamethasone and clobetasol turned out to be the best inducers of gene expression and apoptosis . 
All GCs including the antagonistic compound RU486 efficiently reduced NF-kappaB-mediated transactivation to comparable extents , suggesting that ligand-induced nuclear localization of the GR is sufficient for transrepression . 
Glucocorticoid treatment of cells did not result in elevated IkappaB-alpha expression , but impaired the tumor necrosis factor ( TNF ) -alpha-induced degradation of IkappaB-alpha without affecting DNA binding of NF-kappaB . 
The structural requirements for the various functions of glucocorticoids are discussed . Determinants of Maternal Triglycerides in Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in the Metformin in Gestational Diabetes ( MiG ) Study . Development of fluticasone propionate and comparison with other inhaled corticosteroids . Antidepressants suppress production of the Th1 cytokine interferon-gamma , independent of monoamine transporter blockade . The ventricular tachyarrhythmias associated with the LQT3 syndrome are typically bradycardia-dependent . 
However , some episodes can be associated with exercise or emotional stress , suggesting a different arrhythmogenic mechanism when sympathetic activity predominates . 
This study examined the potential arrhythmogenic mechanisms during periods of autonomically mediated transient heart rate acceleration in a canine anthopleurin-A model of LQT3 syndrome . 
Using plunge needle electrodes , transmural unipolar electrograms of the left ventricle were recorded from endocardial ( Endo ) , mid-myocardial ( Mid ) and epicardial ( Epi ) sites . 
The activation-recovery interval ( ARI ) was measured to estimate local refractoriness . 
The cardiac cycle length was gradually shortened by cessation of vagal stimulation ( vagal stimulation protocol ( VSP ) ) , and intramural electrograms and onset mode of ventricular tachyarrhythmias were analyzed in 7 experiments . 
The VSP was performed 8 times before and 5 times after administration of mexiletine in each experiment . 
Before mexiletine , vagal stimulation slowed the heart rate and created large transmural ARI dispersion because of a greater ARI prolongation at Mid rather than Epi / Endo sites . 
After cessation of vagal stimulation , unipolar electrograms started to show ARI alternans and ventricular premature beats developed sporadically . 
Sustained ventricular tachyarrhythmias were induced in 12 of the 56 trials of the VSP . 
Initiation of ventricular tachyarrhythmias was associated with delayed conduction at Mid / Endo sites . 
Mexiletine attenuated transmural ARI dispersion , and neither ARI alternans nor ventricular tachyarrhythmias was observed during all 35 trials of the VSP after mexiletine administration . 
Heart rate acceleration induced by an abrupt shift to a state of predominant sympathetic activity enhances arrhythmias in this LQT3 model . 
Mexiletine homogenizes ventricular repolarization , suppresses premature complexes and was antiarrhythmic during ventricular tachyarrhythmias induced by the VSP . Oxidative stress involvement in manganese-induced alpha-synuclein oligomerization in organotypic brain slice cultures . The development of cortical neurons in vivo and in vitro is accompanied by alterations in NMDA receptor subunit expression and concomitant modifications in the pharmacological profile of NMDA-activated ionic currents . 
For example , we observed that with decreasing NR2B / NR2A subunit expression ratio , the block of NMDA receptor-mediated whole-cell responses by the NR2B-selective antagonist haloperidol was also decreased . 
In mature cultures ( >22 d in vitro ) , however , NMDA responses obtained from excised nucleated macropatches , which comprised a large portion of the soma , remained strongly antagonized by haloperidol . 
These results suggest that in more mature neurons NR1 / NR2B receptors appear to be preferentially expressed in the cell body . 
As predicted from the whole-cell recording pharmacological profile , NMDA-induced toxicity was largely unaffected by haloperidol in mature cultures . 
However , haloperidol effectively blocked glutamate toxicity in the same cultures , suggesting that the neurotoxic actions of this amino acid were mostly due to the activation of somatic NMDA receptors . 
In experiments in which the potency of glutamate toxicity was increased by the transport inhibitor l-trans-pyrrolidine-2 , 4-dicarboxylic acid , the neuroprotective effects of haloperidol were significantly diminished . 
This was likely because of the fact that glutamate , now toxic at much lower concentrations , was able to reach and activate dendritic receptors under these conditions . 
These results strongly argue that exogenous glutamate and NMDA normally induce excitotoxicity at distinct cellular locations in mature mixed neuronal cultures and that NR1 / NR2B receptors remain an important component in the expression of glutamate , but not NMDA-induced excitotoxicity . Bioefficacy of EPA-DHA from lipids recovered from fish processing wastes through biotechnological approaches . BACKGROUND : Alzheimer's disease ( AD ) is the commonest cause of dementia affecting older people . 
One of the therapeutic strategies aimed at ameliorating the clinical manifestations of Alzheimer's disease is to enhance cholinergic neurotransmission in relevant parts of the brain by the use of cholinesterase inhibitors to delay the breakdown of acetylcholine released into synaptic clefts . 
Tacrine , the first of the cholinesterase inhibitors to undergo extensive trials for this purpose , was associated with significant adverse effects including hepatotoxicity . 
Other cholinesterase inhibitors , including rivastigmine , with superior properties in terms of specificity of action and low risk of adverse effects , have now been introduced . 
Rivastigmine has received approval for use in 60 countries including all member states of the European Union and the USA . 
OBJECTIVES : To determine the clinical efficacy and safety of rivastigmine for patients with dementia of Alzheimer's type . 
SEARCH STRATEGY : The Specialized Register of the Cochrane Dementia and Cognitive Improvement Group ( CDCIG ) , The Cochrane Library , MEDLINE , EMBASE , PsycINFO , CINAHL and LILACS were searched on 27 March 2008 using the terms : Rivastigmine OR exelon OR ENA OR "SDZ ENA 713" . 
The CDCIG Specialized Register contains records from all major health care databases ( The Cochrane Library , MEDLINE , EMBASE , PsycINFO , CINAHL , LILACS ) as well as from many clinical trials registries and grey literature sources . 
SELECTION CRITERIA : All unconfounded , double-blind , randomized trials in which treatment with rivastigmine was administered to patients with dementia of the Alzheimer's type for more than two weeks and its effects compared with those of placebo in a parallel group of patients . 
DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS : One reviewer ( JSB ) applied study selection criteria , assessed the quality of studies and extracted data . 
MAIN RESULTS : Nine trials , involving 4775 participants , were included in the analyses . 
Use of rivastigmine in high doses was associated with statistically significant benefits on several measures . 
High-dose rivastigmine ( 6 to 12 mg daily ) was associated with a two-point improvement in cognitive function on the ADAS-Cog score compared with placebo ( weighted mean difference -1 . 99 , 95% confidence interval -2 . 49 to -1 . 50 , on an intention-to-treat basis ) and a 2 . 2 point improvement in activities of daily living assessed on the Progressive Deterioration Scale ( weighted mean difference -2 . 15 , 95% confidence interval -3 . 16 to -1 . 13 , on an intention-to-treat basis ) at 26 weeks . 
At lower doses ( 4 mg daily or lower ) differences were in the same direction but were statistically significant only for cognitive function . 
There were statistically significantly higher numbers of events of nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , anorexia , headache , syncope , abdominal pain and dizziness among patients taking high-dose rivastigmine than among those taking placebo . 
There was some evidence that adverse events might be less common with more frequent , smaller doses of rivastigmine . 
The 2008 update includes a new study testing two types of rivastigmine transdermal patch , one delivering a higher dose than previously tested ( 17 . 4 mg / day ) and a smaller patch delivering 9 . 6 mg / day . 
The efficacy of the smaller patch was not significantly different compared with the capsules of similar daily dose , but was associated with significantly fewer adverse events of nausea , vomiting , dizziness and asthenia . 
The efficacy of the larger patch was not significantly different compared with the smaller patch , but the smaller patch was associated with significantly fewer adverse events of nausea , vomiting , weight loss and dizziness . 
There appears to be advantages associated with the smaller patch compared with both the higher dose patch and the 6-12 mg / day capsules . 
AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS : Rivastigmine appears to be beneficial for people with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease . 
In comparisons with placebo , improvements were seen in the rate of decline of cognitive function , activities of daily living , and severity of dementia with daily doses of 6 to 12 mg . 
Adverse events were consistent with the cholinergic actions of the drug . 
A transdermal patch has been tested in one trial , and there is evidence that the lower dose smaller patch is associated with fewer side effects than the capsules or the higher dose larger patch and has comparable efficacy to both . 
This review has not examined economic data . Global hypomethylation , gene-specific methylation , and genome instability are common events in tumorigenesis . 
To date , few studies have examined the aberrant DNA methylation patterns in coke oven workers , who are highly at risk of lung cancer by occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ( PAHs ) . 
We recruited 82 PAH-exposed workers and 62 unexposed controls , assessed exposure levels by urinary 1-hydroxypyrene , and measured genetic damages by comet assay , bleomycin sensitivity , and micronucleus assay . 
The PAHs in coke oven emissions ( COE ) were estimated based on toxic equivalency factors . 
We used bisulfite-PCR pyrosequencing to quantitate DNA methylation in long interspersed nuclear element-1 ( LINE-1 ) and O ( 6 ) -methylguanine-DNA methyltransferase ( MGMT ) . 
Further , the methylation alteration was also investigated in COE-treated human bronchial epithelial ( 16HBE ) cells . 
We found there are higher levels of PAHs in COE . 
Among PAH-exposed workers , LINE-1 and MGMT methylation levels ( with CpG site specificity ) were significantly lowered . 
LINE-1 , MGMT , and its hot CpG site-specific methylation were negatively correlated with urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels ( r = -0 . 329 , p < 0 . 001; r = -0 . 164 , p = 0 . 049 and r = -0 . 176 , p = 0 . 034 , respectively ) . 
In addition , LINE-1 methylation was inversely associated with comet tail moment and micronucleus frequency , and a significant increase of micronucleus in low MGMT methylation group . 
In vitro study revealed that treatment of COE in 16HBE cells resulted in higher production of BPDE-DNA adducts , LINE-1 hypomethylation , hypomethylation , and suppression of MGMT expression . 
These findings suggest hypomethylation of LINE-1 and MGMT promoter could be used as markers for PAHs exposure and merit further investigation . Novel Smad proteins localize to IR-induced double-strand breaks : interplay between TGFβ and ATM pathways . Retinoic acid is required for specification of the ventral eye field and for Rathke's pouch in the avian embryo . Muscular dystrophy associated mutations in caveolin-1 induce neurotransmission and locomotion defects in Caenorhabditis elegans . Ever since the discovery that ( 6R ) -5 , 6 , 7 , 8-tetrahydro-L-biopterin ( BH4 ) is a cofactor of NOS , its function has been the object of intense research and occasional controversy . 
Only in the last couple of years a consensus has been reached on what constitutes the main role of BH4 in NO synthesis . 
In this review we aim to provide an outline of the various ways in which BH4 affects NOS catalysis . 
First we give a brief general description of the structure and catalytic mechanism of NOS , with special emphasis on those aspects of catalysis that are actively debated , and that directly or indirectly involve BH4 . 
Foremost among those issues is uncoupled catalysis , i . 
e . 
the NOS-catalyzed oxidation of NADPH in the absence of substrate or pterin that does not result in NO production . 
We also shortly discuss the ongoing debate on whether NO is the actual reaction product of NOS catalysis , as well as the phenomenon of NO-mediated autoinhibition . 
We describe the function of BH4 in aromatic amino acid hydroxylation , and discuss the allosteric and structural effects that BH4 exerts on NOS . 
Next we turn our attention to what is now becoming accepted as the central function of BH4 : its capacity to act as a 1-electron donor during reductive activation of the oxyferrous complex of the heme . 
Finally , we illustrate how BH4 might transform the NOS dimer into an efficient S-nitrosoglutathione synthase , and briefly touch on some more speculative aspects of the role of BH4 in NO synthesis . The calmodulin regulator protein , PEP-19 , sensitizes ATP-induced Ca2 + release . Sulfasalazine is widely used in rheumatoid arthritis and inflammatory bowel diseases . 
The mechanisms of its activity have not been elucidated . 
In leukocytes , sulfasalazine and its analogue , CL 42A , inhibited the formation of leukotrienes and possibly of the second messenger compounds at the level of phospholipase C . 
Partial inhibition of interleukin-lbeta ( IL-1beta ) , IL-6 and tumor necrosis factor-alpha ( TNF-alpha ) was also found . 
Since the synthesis of eicosanoids is induced by phospholipase A2 and since secretory phospholipase A2 ( sPLA2 ) is proinflammatory , we investigated the impact of sulfasalazine and related compounds on mRNA , protein synthesis , and release of sPLA2 from osteoblasts . 
Sulfasalazine and CL 42A markedly inhibited extracellular release of sPLA2 . 
The impact of sulfasalazine was evident at 50 microM ( P < 0 . 001 ) and maximal at 400 microM , and that of CL 42A at 10 microM ( P < 0 . 001 ) and 200 microM , respectively . 
Split products of sulfasalazine , 5-aminosalicylic acid ( 400 microM ) and sulfapyridine ( 400 microM ) , had no impact . 
The effect of sulfasalazine and CL 42A was evident regardless of whether the cells were stimulated with IL-1beta / TNF-alpha , lipopolysaccharide / forskolin , or dibutyryl-cAMP . 
Sulfasalazine and CL 42A did not alter the level of sPLA2 mRNA . 
Exposure of stimulated fetal rat calvaria osteoblasts ( FRCO ) to sulfasalazine did not show accumulation of the intracellular sPLA2 protein as tested by western blot; however , enzymatic activity of PLA2 in disrupted cells was definitely increased . 
Thus , the impact is on the post-transcriptional release of sPLA2 rather than on the synthesis . 
There was also an increase in the extracellular release of prostaglandin E2 from FRCO exposed to sulfasalazine or to CL 42A . 
In contrast , sulfasalazine had no effect on the extracellular release of gelatinase from the cells or on mRNA of cytosolic PLA2 or cyclooxygenase 2 . 
We conclude that the anti-inflammatory activity of sulfasalazine may be related , in part , to the selective inhibition of the extracellular release of proinflammatory sPLA2 . A large body of evidence supports the hypothesis that mesolimbic dopamine ( DA ) mediates , in animal models , the reinforcing effects of central nervous system stimulants such as cocaine and amphetamine . 
The role DA plays in mediating amphetamine-type subjective effects of stimulants in humans remains to be established . 
Both amphetamine and cocaine increase norepinephrine ( NE ) via stimulation of release and inhibition of reuptake , respectively . 
If increases in NE mediate amphetamine-type subjective effects of stimulants in humans , then one would predict that stimulant medications that produce amphetamine-type subjective effects in humans should share the ability to increase NE . 
To test this hypothesis , we determined , using in vitro methods , the neurochemical mechanism of action of amphetamine , 3 , 4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine ( MDMA ) , ( + ) -methamphetamine , ephedrine , phentermine , and aminorex . 
As expected , their rank order of potency for DA release was similar to their rank order of potency in published self-administration studies . 
Interestingly , the results demonstrated that the most potent effect of these stimulants is to release NE . 
Importantly , the oral dose of these stimulants , which produce amphetamine-type subjective effects in humans , correlated with the their potency in releasing NE , not DA , and did not decrease plasma prolactin , an effect mediated by DA release . 
These results suggest that NE may contribute to the amphetamine-type subjective effects of stimulants in humans . Phenylalanine hydroxylase , tyrosine hydroxylase , and tryptophan hydroxylase constitute a small family of monooxygenases that utilize tetrahydropterins as substrates . 
When from eukaryotic sources , these enzymes are composed of a homologous catalytic domain to which are attached discrete N-terminal regulatory domains and short C-terminal tetramerization domains , whereas the bacterial enzymes lack the N-terminal and C-terminal domains . 
Each enzyme contains a single ferrous iron atom bound to two histidines and a glutamate . 
Recent mechanistic studies have begun to provide insights into the mechanisms of oxygen activation and hydroxylation . 
Although the hydroxylating intermediate in these enzymes has not been identified , the iron is likely to be involved . 
Reversible phosphorylation of serine residues in the regulatory domains affects the activities of all three enzymes . 
In addition , phenylalanine hydroxylase is allosterically regulated by its substrates , phenylalanine and tetrahydrobiopterin . Diclofenac inhibits proliferation and differentiation of neural stem cells . Stimulation of ciliary motility mediated by atypical beta-adrenoceptor in canine bronchial epithelium . Gallium has been the second metal to show activity against malignant tumors in humans soon after the establishment of platinum drugs in routine clinical practice . 
It has the unique property of inhibiting tumor growth as a simple cation , mainly because of its close resemblance to ferric iron . 
Even though its inability to shift between the trivalent and a divalent oxidation state precludes that gallium behaves as an iron analogue in every respect , it strongly interferes with cellular acquisition of iron from blood by competitive interaction with transferrin and transferrin receptor-mediated endocytosis . 
Furthermore , gallium also seems to affect intracellular availability of iron already taken up via this pathway , probably due to its inhibitory activity on vacuolar-type H ( + ) -ATPases . 
Apart from the consequences of iron deprivation , gallium exerts cytotoxic effects by direct interaction with the iron-dependent enzyme ribonucleotide reductase , resulting in reduced dNTP pools and inhibition of DNA synthesis . 
Both the abundance of transferrin receptors and upregulation of ribonucleotide reductase render tumors susceptible to gallium-induced cytotoxicity . 
However , some experimental findings raise the question whether these effects resulting from the iron-mimicking properties of gallium are solely responsible for its antineoplastic activity or whether additional mechanisms are involved , such as antimitotic effects which result from its capability of inhibiting tubulin polymerization . 
The limitations experienced with gallium nitrate and gallium chloride , which call for a prolonged exposure to low steady-state gallium levels in blood in order to adequately exploit the affinity of gallium to tumor tissues and to avoid severe toxic effects , may be overcome by oral gallium complexes such as tris ( 3-hydroxy-2-methyl-4H-pyran-4-onato ) gallium ( III ) ( gallium maltolate ) or tris ( 8-quinolinolato ) gallium ( III ) ( KP46 ) , which are currently being evaluated in clinical trials and show promise to initiate a revival of gallium in the clinical setting . 
These two investigational drugs , albeit differing in their complex stability , have both been developed with the intention of providing gallium in a form which allows sufficient intestinal absorption , but without altering its pharmacodynamic effects . 
Gallium complexes based on other rationales are scarce and , with regard to the well-known antineoplastic potential of this metal , noticeably under-explored . 
With the recent approval of arsenic trioxide for the second-line treatment of acute promyelocytic leukemia , the clinical revival of arsenic compounds , which have been the mainstay of antileukemic therapy before the age of modern cancer chemotherapy , has already begun . 
Currently , strong efforts are being made to explore the activity spectrum in other ( less rare ) malignancies and to gain a deeper insight into the mode of action . 
Although this development is currently focusing on arsenic trioxide , it should be suited to stimulate investigations into the therapeutic potential of other arsenic compounds as well . Prototypic G protein-coupled receptor for the intestinotrophic factor glucagon-like peptide 2 . Low voltage-activated ( LVA ) T-type Ca ( 2 + ) ( I ( Ca ) T ) and NaN / Nav1 . 9 currents regulate DRG neurons by setting the threshold for the action potential . 
Although alterations in these channels have been implicated in a variety of pathological pain states , their roles in processing sensory information remain poorly understood . 
Here , we carried out a detailed characterization of LVA currents in DRG neurons by using a method for better separation of NaN / Nav1 . 9 and I ( Ca ) T currents . 
NaN / Nav1 . 9 was inhibited by inorganic I ( Ca ) blockers as follows ( IC ( 50 ) , microM ) : La ( 3 + ) ( 46 ) > Cd ( 2 + ) ( 233 ) > Ni ( 2 + ) ( 892 ) and by mibefradil , a non-dihydropyridine I ( Ca ) T antagonist . 
Amiloride , however , a preferential Cav3 . 2 channel blocker , had no effects on NaN / Nav1 . 9 current . 
Using these discriminative tools , we showed that NaN / Nav1 . 9 , Cav3 . 2 , and amiloride- and Ni ( 2 + ) -resistant I ( Ca ) T ( AR-I ( Ca ) T ) contribute differentially to LVA currents in distinct sensory cell populations . 
NaN / Nav1 . 9 carried LVA currents into type-I ( CI ) and type-II ( CII ) small nociceptors and medium-Adelta-like nociceptive cells but not in low-threshold mechanoreceptors , including putative Down-hair ( D-hair ) and Aalpha / beta cells . 
Cav3 . 2 predominated in CII-nociceptors and in putative D-hair cells . 
AR-I ( Ca ) T was restricted to CII-nociceptors , putative D-hair cells , and Aalpha / beta-like cells . 
These cell types distinguished by their current-signature displayed different types of mechanosensitive channels . 
CI- and CII-nociceptors displayed amiloride-sensitive high-threshold mechanical currents with slow or no adaptation , respectively . 
Putative D-hair and Aalpha / beta-like cells had low-threshold mechanical currents , which were distinguished by their adapting kinetics and sensitivity to amiloride . 
Thus , subspecialized DRG cells express specific combinations of LVA and mechanosensitive channels , which are likely to play a key role in shaping responses of DRG neurons transmitting different sensory modalities . A comparison of agonist-specific coupling of cloned human alpha ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor subtypes . Na ( + ) -dependent transporters mediate HCO ( 3 ) ( - ) salvage across the luminal membrane of the main pancreatic duct . The location of L-glutamate decarboxylase and gamma-aminobutyrate ( GABA ) -transaminase immunoreactivity in the superior cervical ganglion and in the coeliac-superior mesenteric ganglion complex of the rat was studied by an indirect immunofluorescence method and by immunoelectron microscopy , with specific antisera raised in rabbits against the corresponding enzymes . 
In light microscopy , several glutamate decarboxylase- or GABA-transaminase-immunoreactive principal nerve cells were detected in the superior cervical ganglion and coeliac-superior mesenteric ganglion complex . 
In addition , numerous small cells in both the superior cervical ganglion and coeliac-superior mesenteric ganglion complex showed intense immunoreactivity to glutamate decarboxylase or GABA-transaminase . 
The small cells were 10-20 micron in diameter and resembled in size and morphology the small intensely fluorescent cells . 
In consecutive sections , the small glutamate decarboxylase-immunoreactive cell clusters also showed immunoreactivity to tyrosine hydroxylase , suggesting that these cells contain the enzymes for both GABA and catecholamine synthesis . 
In the superior cervical ganglion and in the coeliac-superior mesenteric ganglion complex , GABA-transaminase immunoreactivity was also localized in fibre-like processes around and between the principal nerve cells , in nerve trunks traversing the ganglia , and around or in close contact with ganglionic blood vessels . 
Furthermore , GABA-transaminase immunoreactivity was observed in fibre-like structures close to the capsule of the ganglia . 
Division of the preganglionic nerve trunk of the superior cervical ganglion caused no detectable change in GABA-transaminase immunoreactivity in the ganglion . 
In immunoelectron microscopy of the superior cervical ganglion , GABA-transaminase immunoreactivity was localized in nerve fibres in association with neurotubules . 
A large number of GABA-transaminase labelled principal nerve cells were detected , containing immunoreactivity evenly distributed in their cytoplasm . 
GABA-transaminase immunoreactivity was also observed in satellite cells and their processes in the superior cervical ganglion . 
The present immunocytochemical results provide evidence that the rat sympathetic ganglia contain an intrinsic neuronal system showing histochemical markers for GABA synthesis and inactivation , but its functional role in the modulation of ganglionic neurotransmission remains to be established . TNF-alpha increases the carbohydrate sulfation of CD44 : induction of 6-sulfo N-acetyl lactosamine on N- and O-linked glycans . Neuronatin-mediated aberrant calcium signaling and endoplasmic reticulum stress underlie neuropathology in Lafora disease . Nitric oxide ( NO ) produced by the endothelial NO synthase ( eNOS ) is an antihypertensive , antithrombotic and anti-atherosclerotic molecule . 
Hypercholesterolemia leads to a reduction in vascular NO bioavailability . 
This is attributed to a dysfunction of the eNOS enzyme and a reduced eNOS activity . 
NADPH oxidase-mediated oxidative stress leads to oxidation of tetrahydrobiopterin ( BH4 ) , the essential cofactor of eNOS . 
In BH4 deficiency , oxygen reduction uncouples from NO synthesis , thereby converting eNOS to a superoxide-producing enzyme . 
As a consequence of eNOS uncoupling , NO production is reduced and the pre-existing oxidative stress is enhanced , which contribute significantly to atherogenesis . 
Therefore , pharmacological approaches that prevent eNOS uncoupling and enhance eNOS activity are of therapeutic interest . 
Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors , AT1 receptor blockers , statins , nebivolol and resveratrol have been shown to reverse eNOS uncoupling and to stimulate eNOS activity concurrently . 
Molecular mechanisms of the aforementioned drugs / compounds on eNOS functionality is summarized and discussed in this review . Combined effects of the herbicide terbuthylazine and temperature on different flagellates from the Northern Adriatic Sea . UPLC-Q-TOF / HSMS / MS ( E ) -based metabonomics for adenine-induced changes in metabolic profiles of rat faeces and intervention effects of ergosta-4 , 6 , 8 ( 14 ) , 22-tetraen-3-one . Epothilones are a new group of compounds with action mechanisms similar to taxanes . 
The aim of this study was to compare the effects of epothilone A ( Epo A ) and epothilone B ( Epo B ) on ovarian cancer cell line SKOV-3 with those of paclitaxel ( PTX ) , a classic taxane . 
We evaluate glycoprotein P ( P-gp ) activity in the ovarian cancer cell line . 
Apoptotic and necrotic cell levels were measured by double staining with Hoechst 33258 and propidium iodide ( PI ) as well as Annexin V staining . 
The production of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) and changes in mitochondrial membrane potential ( ΔΨm ) in cells exposed to Epo A , Epo B and PTX were studied using specific fluorescence probes , DCFH ( 2 ) -DA ( 2' , 7'-dichlorodihydrofluorescein diacetate ) and JC-1 ( 5 , 5' , 6 , 6'-tetrachloro-1 , 1' , 3 , 3'-tetraethylbenzimidazolcarbocyanine ) . 
The cytotoxic activity of the drugs was determined by the MTT ( 3- ( 4 , 5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl ) -2 , 5 diphenyltetrazolium bromide ) test . 
All probes were analyzed in both the presence and absence of the antioxidant N-acetylcysteine ( NAC ) . 
The results obtained demonstrated that the antiproliferative capacity of Epo A and Epo B in SKOV-3 cell line ( measured as IC ( 50 ) after 72 h continuous treatment ) was six and five times greater than that of PTX's respectively . 
Epothilones induced timecourse-dependent apoptosis and necrosis . 
Apoptotic and necrotic events were partially blocked by NAC , indicating ROS played a substantial role in epothilone-induced apoptosis . 
Cell death was also associated with a decrease in mitochondrial membrane potential , which was more pronounced after treatment with epothilones as compared to paclitaxel . To investigate the binding mode and structure-activity relationships ( SARs ) of selective neurotensin receptor 2 ( NTS2 ) ligands , novel peptide-peptoid hybrids that simulate the function of the endogenous ligand were developed . 
Starting from our recently described NTS2 ligands of type 1 , structural variants of type 2 and the metabolically stable analogues 3 a , b were developed . 
Replacement of the proline unit by a collection of structural surrogates and evaluation of the respective molecular probes for NTS2 affinity and selectivity indicated similar SARs as described for NT ( 8-13 ) derivatives bound to the subtype NTS1 . 
Peptide-peptoid hybrids 2 d , 3 a , b showed substantial NTS2 binding affinity ( Ki = 8 . 1-16 nM ) and 2400-8600-fold selectivity over NTS1 . 
The thiazolidine derivative 3 b showed metabolic stability over 32 h in a serum degradation assay . 
In an inositol phosphate accumulation assay , the neurotensin mimetics 3 a and 3 b displayed an inhibition of constitutive activity exceeding 1 . 7-2 . 0 times the activity of NT ( 8-13 ) . 
The fluorinated derivative 3 a could afford attractive opportunities to detect NTS2 by ( 19 ) F magnetic resonance imaging . INTRODUCTION : The association between use of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( NSAIDs ) and breast cancer risk remains unclear . 
Inconsistencies in previously reported findings may be partly due to differences in expression of cyclooxygenase ( COX ) -2 . 
We hypothesized that genetic polymorphisms ( COX-2 . 926 , COX-2 . 5209 , and COX-2 . 8473 ) may reduce overall breast cancer risk or risk for subtypes of breast cancer by modulating the inflammatory response and may interact with aspirin or any NSAID use . 
METHODS : We conducted a population-based , case-control study in which we genotyped 1 , 067 breast cancer cases and 1 , 110 control individuals included in the Long Island Breast Cancer Study Project . 
RESULTS : No major effects of the three COX-2 variant alleles on breast cancer risk were found . 
A total of eight distinct haplotypes and 18 diplotypes were observed in the population . 
Overall , no significant associations between COX-2 haplotypes / diplotypes and breast cancer risk were observed . 
Among women who used aspirin or any NSAID there was little evidence for an interaction with the at-risk COX-2 genotypes , with one exception . 
Among women with hormone receptor positive breast cancer , the reduced risk for any NSAID use was only evident among those who had at least one variant C allele of COX-2 . 8473 ( odds ratio = 0 . 7 , 95% confidence interval = 0 . 5 to 1 . 0; P for the interaction = 0 . 02 ) . 
There was no corresponding interaction for aspirin use , possibly because of limited power . 
CONCLUSION : These data provide modest evidence that the C allele of COX-2 . 8473 may interact with NSAIDs to reduce risk for hormone receptor positive breast cancer . In chronic inflammatory diseases the endothelium expresses mediators responsible for harmful leukocyte infiltration . 
We investigated whether targeted delivery of a therapeutic transgene that inhibits nuclear factor κB signal transduction could silence the proinflammatory activation status of endothelial cells . 
For this , an adenovirus encoding dominant-negative IκB ( dnIκB ) as a therapeutic transgene was employed . 
Selectivity for the endothelial cells was achieved by introduction of antibodies specific for inflammatory endothelial adhesion molecules E-selectin or VCAM-1 chemically linked to the virus via polyethylene glycol . 
In vitro , the retargeted adenoviruses selectively infected cytokine-activated endothelial cells to express functional transgene . 
The comparison of transductional capacity of both retargeted viruses revealed that E-selectin based transgene delivery exerted superior pharmacological effects . 
Targeted delivery mediated dnIκB transgene expression in endothelial cells inhibited the induced expression of several inflammatory genes , including adhesion molecules , cytokines , and chemokines . 
In vivo , in mice suffering from glomerulonephritis , E-selectin-retargeted adenovirus selectively homed in the kidney to microvascular glomerular endothelium . 
Subsequent downregulation of endothelial adhesion molecule expression 2 days after induction of inflammation demonstrated the pharmacological potential of this gene therapy approach . 
The data justify further studies towards therapeutic virus design and optimization of treatment schedules to investigate their capacity to interfere with inflammatory disease progression . Synthesis and antibacterial activity of 9-oxime ether non-ketolides , and novel binding mode of alkylides with bacterial rRNA . Chemical composition and anticancer activity of essential oils of Mediterranean sage ( Salvia officinalis L . 
) grown in different environmental conditions . Maturation of neuromuscular transmission during early development in zebrafish . Anti-obesity effects of glabridin-rich supercritical carbon dioxide extract of licorice in high-fat-fed obese mice . We have previously reported on the formation of 6-nitrotryptophan by the reaction of reactive nitrogen species with a tryptophan residue in human Cu , Zn-superoxide dismutase ( SOD ) ( F . 
Yamakura et al . 
, J . 
Biochem . 
138 ( 2005 ) 57-69 ) . 
Here , we report on the preparation of anti-6-nitrotryptophan antiserum by using synthesized 6-nitrotryptophan-conjugated keyhole limpet hemocyanin as an antigen and the purification of the antibody by using a 6-nitrotryptophan-conjugated affinity column . 
The purified antibody was immunoreactive with 6-nitrotryptophan residue containing Cu , Zn-SOD but not immunoreactive with Cu , Zn-SOD , Mn-SOD , bovine serum albumin , and 3-nitrotyrosine residue containing Mn-SOD . 
Nitro group of 6-nitrotryptophan was reduced by sodium hydrosulfite to form 6-aminotryptophan as a major product . 
The reduced 6-nitrotryptophan residues lost its immunoreactivity with the antibody . 
We detected different immunoreactive bands between using antibody for 6-nitrotryptophan residues and that for 3-nitrotyrosine residues in crude extracts of neuron-like PC12 cells treated with peroxynitrite by a Western blot analysis . 
Western blot analysis for two-dimensional gel electrophoresis showed nine intensively stained immunoreactive spots for 6-nitrotryptophan residues in the peroxynitrite-treated PC12 cells , which were subjected to trypsin digestion and LC-ESI-MS / MS analysis . 
We identified M2 pyruvate kinase , elongation factor 2 , mitochondrial aconitase , pyruvate carboxylase , and heat shock protein HSP90alpha as candidates for 6-nitrotryptophan residues containing proteins , with peptide coverage over 10% , in crude extracts of peroxynitrite-treated PC12 cells . The pharmacokinetics of various important drugs are known to be significantly influenced by the human ABC transporter P-glycoprotein ( P-gp ) , which may lead to clinically relevant drug-drug interactions . 
In contrast to therapeutic drugs , emerging drugs of abuse ( DOA ) are sold and consumed without any safety pharmacology testing . 
Only some studies on their metabolism were published , but none about their affinity to the transporter systems . 
Therefore , 47 DOAs from various classes were tested for their P-gp affinity using human P-gp ( hP-gp ) to predict possible drug-drug interactions . 
DOAs were initially screened for general hP-gp affinity and further characterized by modeling classic Michaelis-Menten kinetics and assessing their K ( m ) and V ( max ) values . 
Among the tested drugs , 12 showed a stimulation of ATPase activity . 
The most intensive stimulating DOAs were further investigated and compared with the known P-gp model substrates sertraline and verapamil . 
ATPase stimulation kinetics could be modeled for the entactogen 3 , 4-methylenedioxy-α-ethylphenethylamine ( 3 , 4-BDB ) , the hallucinogen 2 , 5-dimethoxy-4-iodoamphetamine ( DOI ) , the abused alkaloid glaucine , the opioid-like drugs N-iso-propyl-1 , 2-diphenylethylamine ( NPDPA ) , and N- ( 1-phenylcyclohexyl ) -3-ethoxypropanamine ( PCEPA ) , with K ( m ) and V ( max ) values within the same range as for verapamil or sertraline . 
As a consequence interactions with other drugs being P-gp substrates might be considered to be very likely and further studies should be encouraged . Glucocorticoid signaling plays a critical role in regulating energy metabolism . 
Emerging data implicate environmental endocrine-disrupting chemicals as contributors to the obesity and diabetes epidemics . 
Previous studies have shown that the phenylsulfamide fungicide tolylfluanid ( TF ) augments glucocorticoid receptor ( GR ) -dependent luciferase expression in 3T3-L1 preadipocytes while modulating insulin action in primary murine and human adipocytes . 
Studies were performed to interrogate glucocorticoid signaling in primary adipocytes exposed to TF . 
TF mimicked the gene transcription profile of the murine glucocorticoid corticosterone ( Cort ) . 
Cellular fractionation assays demonstrated that TF treatment promoted the activating serine phosphorylation of GR , augmenting its cytoplasmic-to-nuclear translocation as well as its enrichment at glucocorticoid response elements on the glucocorticoid-induced leucine zipper gene promoter . 
After acute treatment , Cort or TF promoted insulin receptor substrate-1 ( IRS-1 ) gene and protein expression . 
Either treatment also enriched GR binding at an identified glucocorticoid response element in the IRS-1 gene . 
TF or Cort each increased insulin-stimulated lipogenesis , an effect resulting from increased lipogenic gene expression and enhanced insulin-stimulated dephosphorylation of acetyl-coenzyme A carboxylase . 
The augmentation of insulin-stimulated lipogenesis was mediated through a specific enhancement of Akt phosphorylation at T308 . 
These findings support modulation of IRS-1 levels as a mechanism for glucocorticoid-mediated changes in insulin action in primary adipocytes . 
Albeit with less affinity than Cort , in silico analysis suggests that TF can interact with the ligand binding pocket of GR . 
Collectively , these studies identify TF as a structurally unique environmental glucocorticoid . 
Glucocorticoid signaling may thus represent a novel pathway by which environmental toxicants promote the development of metabolic diseases . Antithrombotic activity of a newly synthesized coumarin derivative 3- ( 5-hydroxy-2 , 2-dimethyl-chroman-6-yl ) -N-{2- [ 3- ( 5-hydroxy-2 , 2-dimethyl-chroman-6-yl ) -propionylamino ] -ethyl}-propionamide . Vitamin E inhibition of normal mammary epithelial cell growth is associated with a reduction in protein kinase C ( alpha ) activation . Cinobufagin , a major component of cinobufacini ( huachansu ) , is an important cardenolidal steroid . 
Several studies have suggested that cinobufagin has potent anti-cancer effects . 
The present study examines the apoptosis-inducing activity and the underlying mechanism of action of cinobufagin in osteosarcoma ( OS ) cells . 
Our results showed that cinobufagin potently inhibited the proliferation of U2OS , MG63 and SaOS-2 cells . 
Significant increases in G2 / M cell-cycle arrest and apoptosis in OS cells were also observed . 
The expression levels of several apoptotic proteins were assessed after cinobufagin treatment in U2OS cells . 
Among them , xIAP , cIAP-1 , survivin and Bcl-2 levels decreased remarkably , while the levels of Bax and cleaved-PARP increased . 
Furthermore , we validated the inhibition of GSK-3β / NF-κB signaling following cinobufagin treatment . 
Western blots showed a decrease in nuclear p65 protein expression after exposure to different concentrations of cinobufagin , while the phosphorylation of GSK-3β was simultaneously increased . 
Transduction with constitutively active forms of GSK-3β could protect against the downregulation of p65 and upregulation of cleaved-PARP that are induced by cinobufagin treatment . 
However , combined treatment with cinobufagin and SB216367 resulted in a significant reduction in p65 and an increase in cleaved-PARP in U2OS cells . 
Altogether , these results show that cinobufagin is a promising agent for the treatment of OS . 
These studies are the first to reveal the involvement of the GSK-3β / NF-κB pathway in cinobufagin-induced apoptosis . The mammalian target of rapamycin ( mTOR ) and its molecular pathways are supposed to be activated frequently in human renal cell carcinoma as well as other cancers . 
It has a kinase activity for 40S ribosomal protein kinase and eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E-binding protein 1 . 
These proteins , when phosphorylated , promote protein translation and RNA transcription in the nutrient-rich condition . 
mTOR inhibitors such as Temsirolimus ( CCI779 ) and Everolimus ( RAD001 ) are effective for suppressing cell growth with inhibiting mTOR kinase activity . 
Rapamycin and its related analogs such as Temsirolimus and Everolimus are less toxic for humans compared with other anti-VEGFR inhibitors and has been used as an immunosuppressive agent . 
These agents have an inhibitory activity against the mTORC1 complex . 
Since they do not have inhibitory activity against mTORC2 complex , the ability of mTOR inhibition by Temsirolimus is supposed to be 40 to 50% of full inhibition in mTOR kinase . 
Temsirolimus has modest anticancer activity against advanced clinical RCC patients with poor risk . 
The objective response rate was only 7% , 26% of patients experienced minor responses and another 17% of patients had stable disease that lasted 6 months . 
The median time to tumor progression and median survival for the study patients were 5 . 8 and 15 . 0 months , respectively . 
The overall survival of patients treated with Temsirolimus alone was statistically longer than in those treated with IFN alone in the 626 cases in phase II study . 
Combinations of mTOR with other anti- VEGFR agents were not effective . 
Vertical therapies of mTOR inhibitor in combination with AKT inhibitors , or newly development of stronger mTOR kinase which can suppress both mTORC1 and mTORC2 are planned at present . Zinc is critical for a multitude of cellular processes , including gene expression , secretion and enzymatic activities . 
Cellular zinc is controlled by zinc-chelating proteins and by zinc transporters . 
The recent identification of zinc permeability of the lysosomal ion channel TRPML1 ( transient receptor potential mucolipin 1 ) , and the evidence of abnormal zinc levels in cells deficient in TRPML1 , suggested a role for TRPML1 in zinc transport . 
In the present study we provide new evidence for such a role and identify additional cellular components responsible for it . 
In agreement with the previously published data , an acute siRNA ( small interfering RNA ) -driven TRPML1 KD ( knockdown ) leads to the build-up of large cytoplasmic vesicles positive for LysoTracker™ and zinc staining , when cells are exposed to high concentrations of zinc . 
We now show that lysosomal enlargement and zinc build-up in TRPML1-KD cells exposed to zinc are ameliorated by KD of the zinc-sensitive transcription factor MTF-1 ( metal-regulatory-element-binding transcription factor-1 ) or the zinc transporter ZnT4 . 
TRPML1 KD is associated with a build-up of cytoplasmic zinc and with enhanced transcriptional response of mRNA for MT2a ( metallothionein 2a ) . 
TRPML1 KD did not suppress lysosomal secretion , but it did delay zinc leak from the lysosomes into the cytoplasm . 
These results underscore a role for TRPML1 in zinc metabolism . 
Furthermore , they suggest that TRPML1 works in concert with ZnT4 to regulate zinc translocation between the cytoplasm and lysosomes . The selective functionalization of a vancomycin aglycon derivative through direct conversion of the E-ring aryl chloride to a reactive boronic acid , and its use in the synthesis of a systematic series of vancomycin E-ring analogues are described . 
The series of analogues was used to examine the impact of the E-ring chloride in binding D-Ala-D-Ala and on antimicrobial activity . 
In contrast to the reduced activity of the unsubstituted E-ring derivatives , hydrophobic and relatively non-polar substituents approach or match the chloro substituted vancomycin and was insensitive to the electronic character of the substituent ( e . 
g . 
Cl vs CN or OMe ) , whereas highly polar substituents fail to provide the enhancements . 
Moreover , the active permethylated vancomycin aglycon derivatives examined exhibit VanB VRE antimicrobial activity at levels that approach ( typically within 2-fold ) their activity against sensitive bacteria . 
The robust borylation reaction also enabled the selective functionalization of a minimally protected vancomycin aglycon ( N-Boc vancomycin aglycon ) , and provides a direct method for the preparation of previously inaccessible analogues . Gene polymorphisms of the 4- ( methylnitrosamino ) -1- ( 3-pyridyl ) -1-butanone ( NNK ) metabolism-related enzymes-cytochrome P450 ( CYP ) monooxygenase 2A13 ( CYP2A13 ) and UDP-glucuronosyltransferases ( UGT ) -2B7 could contribute to the levels of NNK-related metabolites in urine , thereby increasing the susceptibility to urothelial carcinoma ( UC ) . 
Therefore , our study aimed to evaluate the roles of two gene polymorphisms ( CYP2A13 and UGT2B7 ) of NNK metabolism-related enzymes in the carcinogenesis of UC in Taiwan . 
A hospital-based pilot case-control study was conducted . 
There were 121 UC cases and 121 age- and sex-matched healthy participants recruited from March 2007 to April 2009 . 
Urine samples were analyzed for NNK-related metabolites using the liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry method . 
Genotyping was conducted using a polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism technique . 
ANCOVA and multivariate logistic regression were applied for data analyses . 
In healthy controls , former smokers had significantly higher total NNAL and higher NNAL-Gluc than never smokers or current smokers . 
Subjects carrying the UGT2B7 268 His / Tyr or Tyr / Tyr genotype had significantly lower total NNAL than those carrying His / His genotype . 
However , no association was seen between gene polymorphisms of CYP2A13 and UGT2B7 and UC risk after adjustment for age and sex . 
Significant dose -response associations between total NNAL , free NNAL , the ratios of free NNAL / total NNAL and NNAL-Gluc / total NNAL and UC risk were observed . 
In the future , large-scale studies will be required to verify the association between the single nucleotide polymorphisms of NNK metabolism-related enzymes and UC risk . PURPOSE : There is an evolving role for combining radiotherapy ( RT ) with gene therapy in the management of prostate cancer . 
However , the clinical results of this combined approach are much needed . 
The preliminary results addressing the safety of this Phase I-II study combining RT and gene therapy ( adenovirus / herpes simplex virus-thymidine kinase gene / valacyclovir with or without hormonal therapy ) in the treatment of prostate cancer have been previously reported . 
We now report the prostate-specific antigen ( PSA ) response and biopsy data . 
METHODS AND MATERIALS : This trial was composed of three separate arms . 
Arm A consisted of low-risk patients ( Stage T1-T2a , Gleason score <7 , pretreatment PSA <10 ng / mL ) treated with combined RT-gene therapy . 
A mean dose of 76 Gy was delivered to the prostate with intensity-modulated RT . 
They also received adenovirus / herpes simplex virus-thymidine kinase / valacyclovir gene therapy . 
Arm B consisted of high-risk patients ( Stage T2b-T3 , Gleason score >6 , pretreatment PSA level >10 ng / mL ) treated with combined RT-gene therapy and hormonal therapy ( luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone agonist [ 30-mg Lupron , 4-month depot ] and an antiandrogen [ flutamide , 250 mg t . 
i . 
d . 
for 14 days ] ) . 
Arm C consisted of patients with Stage D1 ( positive pelvic lymph nodes ) who received the same regimen as Arm B with the addition of 45 Gy to the pelvic lymphatics . 
PSA determination and biopsy were performed before , during , and after treatment . 
The American Society for Therapeutic Radiology and Oncology consensus definition ( three consecutive rises in PSA level ) was used to denote PSA failure . 
RESULTS : Fifty-nine patients ( 29 in Arm A , 26 in Arm B , and 4 in Arm C ) completed the trial . 
The median age was 68 years ( range , 39-85 years ) . 
The median follow-up for the entire group was 13 . 5 months ( range , 1 . 4-27 . 8 months ) . 
Only Arm A patients were observed to have an increase in PSA on Day 14 . 
The PSA then declined appropriately . 
All patients in Arm A ( median follow-up , 13 . 4 months ) and Arm B ( median follow-up , 13 . 9 months ) had biochemical control at last follow-up . 
Three patients in Arm C ( with pretreatment PSA of 335 , 19 . 6 , and 2 . 5 ng / mL and a combined Gleason score of 8 , 9 , and 9 involving all biopsy cores ) had biochemical failure at 3 , 3 , and 7 . 7 months . 
Two patients had distant failure in bone and 1 patient in the para-aortic lymph nodes outside the RT portal . 
Six to twelve prostate biopsies performed in these 3 patients revealed no evidence of residual carcinoma . 
In Arm A , biopsy showed no evidence of carcinoma in 66 . 7% ( 18 of 27 ) , 92 . 3% ( 24 of 26 ) , 91 . 7% ( 11 of 12 ) , 100% ( 8 of 8 ) , and 100% ( 6 of 6 ) at 6 weeks , 4 months , 12 months , 18 months , and 24 months after treatment , respectively . 
In Arm B , no evidence of carcinoma on biopsy was noted in 96% ( 24 of 25 ) , 90 . 5% ( 19 of 21 ) , 100% ( 14 of 14 ) , 100% ( 7 of 7 ) , and 100% ( 2 of 2 ) , respectively , in the same interval after treatment . 
CONCLUSION : This is the first reported trial of its kind in the field of prostate cancer that aims to expand the therapeutic index of RT by combining it with in situ gene therapy . 
The initial transient PSA rise in the Arm A patients may have been a result of local immunologic response or inflammation elicited by in situ gene therapy . 
Additional investigation to elucidate the mechanisms is needed . 
Hormonal therapy may have obliterated this rise in Arm B and C patients . 
The biopsy data were encouraging and appeared to show no evidence of malignancy earlier than historical data . 
Combined RT , short-course hormonal therapy , and in situ therapy appeared to provide good locoregional control but inadequate systemic control in patients with positive pelvic lymph nodes . 
Longer term use of hormonal therapy in addition to gene therapy and RT has been adopted for this group of patients to maximize both locoregional and systemic control . Pigeons were trained to discriminate i . 
m . 
injections of the atypical antipsychotic clozapine ( 1 . 0 mg / kg ) from saline in a two-key operant procedure . 
In substitution tests , compounds that shared antagonistic action at 5-hydroxytryptamine ( 5-HT ) 1C and 5-HT2 receptors produced discriminative stimulus effects similar to clozapine : cyproheptadine , metergoline , mianserin , pizotifen and fluperlapine . 
5-HT antagonists selective for 5-HT2 vs . 
5-HT1C receptors ( e . 
g . 
, ketanserin , pirenperone , risperidone and methiothepin ) failed to produce substantial clozapine-appropriate responding . 
Other serotonergic compounds failed to produce substantial clozapine-appropriate responding : the 5-HT3 antagonist , ondansetron; the 5-HT1A agonists , ( + - ) -8-hydroxy-2- ( di-n-propylamino ) tetralin and BMY 14802; the 5-HT1A / 1B agonist , RU24969; the 5-HT1A partial agonist , NAN190; the 5-HT1C / 2 antagonist , mesulergine; the 5-HT1 agonist , I-5-hydroxytryptophane; and the 5-HT1C / 2 agonist , quipazine . 
Other reference compounds such as the typical antipsychotics , chlorpromazine and thioridazine; the selective dopamine D-2 antagonists , droperidol and sulpiride; the dopamine D-1 antagonist , SCH 23390; the antimuscarinics , atropine and scopolamine; the antihistamines , pyrilamine and diphenhydramine; the alpha-1 antagonist , prazosin; and the antidepressants , imipramine and chloromipramine also failed to produce clozapine-appropriate responding . 
Promethazine , cinanserin and amitriptyline produced only partial generalization to the clozapine cue . 
The results suggest that blockade of both 5-HT2 and / or 5-HT1C receptors is important in the pharmacological mediation of the discriminative stimulus effects of clozapine . 
Blockade of 5-HT2 receptors appears not to be sufficient to produce clozapine-like discriminative stimulus effects . 
The precise role of 5-HT1C receptors in the clozapine discriminative stimulus is unclear due to the lack of compounds selective for this receptor . 
( ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS ) Resveratrol enhances exercise training responses in rats selectively bred for high running performance . Labour is associated with decreased expression of the PGF2alpha receptor ( PTGFR ) and a novel PTGFR splice variant in human myometrium but not decidua . Neuroprotective and anti-inflammatory properties of a coffee component in the MPTP model of Parkinson's disease . Developmental localization of potassium chloride co-transporter 2 ( KCC2 ) in the Purkinje cells of embryonic mouse cerebellum . We present two sequences which combine ( ( 1 ) H , ( 15 ) N ) and ( ( 15 ) N , ( 13 ) C ) selective cross-polarization steps with an efficient variant of the J-based homonuclear transfer scheme , in which a spin-state-selective ( S ( 3 ) E ) block is incorporated to improve both resolution and sensitivity in the direct ( 13 ) C dimension . 
We propose these two sequences as a part of a suite of four N-C correlation experiments allowing for the assignment of protein backbone resonances in the solid state . 
We illustrate these experiments under ultra-fast magic angle spinning conditions on two samples of microcrystalline dimeric human superoxide dismutase ( SOD , 153×2 amino acids ) , in its diamagnetic ( "empty" , Zn ( II ) ) and paramagnetic ( Cu ( II ) , Zn ( II ) ) states . A likely endocrine control mechanism for sexual differentiation in size-graded populations of European sea bass ( Dicentrarchus labrax ) is proposed by evaluating the brain expression and pituitary content of two forms of gonadotropin-releasing hormone ( GnRH ) , namely sea bream ( sbGnRH ) and salmon ( sGnRH ) , the pituitary expression of one subtype of GnRH receptor ( dlGnRH-R-2A ) and the three gonadotropin ( GtH ) subunits , namely glycoprotein alpha ( GPalpha ) , follicle-stimulating hormone beta ( FSHbeta ) and luteinizing hormone beta ( LHbeta ) , as well as the pituitary and plasma LH levels between 50 and 300 days post-hatching ( dph ) . 
Four gradings were conducted between 2 and 8 months after hatching , resulting in a population of large and small individuals , having 96 . 5% females ( female-dominant population ) and 69 . 2% males ( male-dominant population ) , respectively , after the last grading . 
The onset of gonadal differentiation was different in the two sexes , and coincided with a peak of expression of sbGnRH or sGnRH . 
Furthermore , the expression of these GnRHs was correlated with the expression of dlGnRH-R-2A . 
Sex-related differences in the brain and pituitary content of sbGnRH were also found at the time of sexual differentiation . 
Moreover , the observed sexual dimorphism at the transcriptional or synthesis level of these GnRH forms suggests that a different neuro-hormonal regulation is operating according to sex . 
At the onset of sex differentiation , FSHbeta transcriptional activity reached maximal values , which were maintained until the completion of the process . 
The present study suggests a role for sbGnRH , sGnRH and the dlGnRH-R-2A during gonadal differentiation , possibly through enhancement of FSHbeta gene expression . 
In males , a different endocrine regulation seems to exist also during spermiogenesis and spermiation , when gene transcription , peptide synthesis and release of LH are of greater importance . The increased insulin secretory burden placed on pancreatic β-cells during obesity and insulin resistance can ultimately lead to β-cell dysfunction and death and the development of type 2 diabetes . 
Mitogen-inducible gene 6 ( Mig6 ) is a cellular stress-responsive protein that can negatively regulate the duration and intensity of epidermal growth factor receptor signaling and has been classically viewed as a molecular brake for proliferation . 
In this study , we used Mig6 heterozygous knockout mice ( Mig6 ( + / - ) ) to study the role of Mig6 in regulating β-cell proliferation and survival . 
Surprisingly , the proliferation rate of Mig6 ( + / - ) pancreatic islets was lower than wild-type islets despite having comparable β-cell mass and glucose tolerance . 
We thus speculated that Mig6 regulates cellular death . 
Using adenoviral vectors to overexpress or knockdown Mig6 , we found that caspase 3 activation during apoptosis was dependent on the level of Mig6 . 
Interestingly , Mig6 expression was induced during endoplasmic reticulum ( ER ) stress , and its protein levels were maintained throughout ER stress . 
Using polyribosomal profiling , we identified that Mig6 protein translation was maintained , whereas the global protein translation was inhibited during ER stress . 
In addition , Mig6 overexpression exacerbated ER stress-induced caspase 3 activation in vitro . 
In conclusion , Mig6 is transcriptionally up-regulated and resistant to global translational inhibition during stressed conditions in β-cells and mediates apoptosis in the form of caspase 3 activation . 
The sustained production of Mig6 protein exacerbates ER stress-induced β-cell death . 
Thus , preventing the induction , translation , and / or function of Mig6 is warranted for increasing β-cell survival . Influence of chain length and double bond on the aqueous behavior of choline carboxylate soaps . ORF 17583 , a histamine H2-receptor antagonist , inhibited gastric acid secretion in pylorus-ligated rats ( ED50 = 4 . 9 mg / kg intraduodenal; 3 . 4 mg / kg p . 
o . 
; and 0 . 21 mg / kg i . 
p . 
) and in total gastric fistula or Heidenhain pouch dogs stimulated by betazole ( ED50 = 0 . 12 mg / kg p . 
o . 
and 0 . 08 mg / kg i . 
v . 
) , histamine , tetragastrin , bethanechol , 2-deoxy-D-glucose or a meal ( ED50 values ranged from 0 . 11-0 . 26 mg / kg p . 
o . 
) . 
The nonspecific inhibition of gastric acid by ORF 17583 supports the existence of interdependence between histamine and the gastrin and cholinergic receptors on the parietal cell surface . 
Antisecretory potency of ORF 17583 after intraduodenal administration in pylorus-ligated rats was 6 . 4 times greater than cimetidine , 1 . 8 times greater than ranitidine , equal to that of omeprazole and 8 times less than that of famotidine . 
Oral antisecretory potency of ORF 17583 in gastric fistula dogs was 31 times greater than cimetidine , 3 . 7 times greater than ranitidine and equal to that of omeprazole and famotidine . 
Studies using equieffective antisecretory doses of ORF 17583 and ranitidine in dogs suggested that ORF 17583 has a short duration of antisecretory activity similar to that of ranitidine . OBJECTIVE : Tricyclic antidepressants ( TCAs ) are one of the first-line pharmacological treatments against neuropathic pain . 
TCAs increase the extracellular concentrations of noradrenaline and serotonin by blocking the reuptake transporters of these amines . 
However , the precise downstream mechanism leading to the therapeutic action remains identified . 
In this work , we evaluated the role of adrenergic receptors ( ARs ) in the action of TCAs . 
METHODS : We used pharmacological and genetic approaches in mice to study the role of ARs in the antiallodynic action of the TCA nortriptyline . 
Peripheral neuropathy was induced by the insertion of a polyethylene cuff around the main branch of the sciatic nerve . 
The specific role of beta ( 2 ) -AR was evaluated by studying beta ( 2 ) -AR ( - / - ) mice . 
We used von Frey filaments to assess mechanical allodynia . 
RESULTS : The antiallodynic action of nortriptyline was not affected by cotreatment with the alpha ( 2 ) -AR antagonist yohimbine , the beta ( 1 ) -AR antagonists atenolol or metoprolol , or the beta ( 3 ) -AR antagonist SR 59230A . 
On the contrary , the beta-AR antagonists propranolol or sotalol , the beta ( 1 ) / beta ( 2 ) -AR antagonists alprenolol or pindolol , or the specific beta ( 2 ) -AR antagonist ICI 118 , 551 blocked the action of nortriptyline . 
The effect of nortriptyline was also totally absent in beta ( 2 ) -AR-deficient mice . 
INTERPRETATION : Stimulation of beta ( 2 ) -AR is necessary for nortriptyline to exert its antiallodynic action against neuropathic pain . 
These findings provide new insight into the mechanism by which antidepressants alleviate neuropathic pain . 
Our results also raise the question of a potential incompatibility between beta-blockers that affect beta ( 2 ) -AR and antidepressant drugs in patients treated for neuropathic pain . Role of beta-adrenoceptor subtypes in mediating relaxation of the pig bladder trigonal muscle in vitro . Potent and Selective Inhibition of Histone Deacetylase 6 ( HDAC6 ) Does Not Require a Surface-Binding Motif . Antagonism of the transient receptor potential ankyrin 1 ( TRPA1 ) attenuates hyperalgesia and urinary bladder overactivity in cyclophosphamide-induced haemorrhagic cystitis . Asenapine : a novel psychopharmacologic agent with a unique human receptor signature . Individual variability in responses to stimulant drugs may influence risk of stimulant abuse and treatment response . 
However , the genetic determinants of this variability have yet to be elucidated . 
The dopamine transporter is an important site of amphetamine action . 
Therefore , the dopamine transporter gene ( DAT1 ) is a logical candidate gene to study . 
Using a drug challenge approach , we tested for association between DAT1 genotype and subjective responses to amphetamine in healthy adults . 
Volunteers participated in a double-blind , crossover design , randomly receiving placebo , 10 mg , and 20 mg oral D-amphetamine , and completed self-report measures on subjective effects including anxiety and euphoria . 
Subjects were genotyped for the DAT1 3'-untranslated region VNTR polymorphism and divided into groups based on genotype : homozygous for nine repeats ( 9 / 9 , N = 8 ) , heterozygous ( 9 / 10 , N = 36 ) and homozygous for 10 repeats ( 10 / 10 , N = 52 ) . 
The effects of amphetamine on ratings of Feel Drug , Anxiety , and Euphoria were examined with ANCOVA . 
In 9 / 10 and 10 / 10 subjects , amphetamine produced its expected effects of increased Euphoria , Anxiety , and Feel Drug ( p<0 . 01 ) . 
However , in 9 / 9 subjects , the effects of amphetamine were indistinguishable from placebo , suggesting that the 9 / 9 genotype has diminished subjective response to acute amphetamine . 
Interestingly , recent findings also implicate the 9 / 9 genotype in decreased therapeutic response to the stimulant methylphenidate in ADHD children . 
The current findings have important implications for understanding the genetic determinants of variability in stimulant response and risk of abuse . Ovarian cancer is the most lethal gynecological malignancy , characterized by a high rate of chemoresistance . 
Current treatment strategies for ovarian cancer focus on novel drug combinations of cytotoxic agents and molecular targeted agents or novel drug delivery strategies that often involve intraperitoneal ( IP ) injection . 
Poly ( ethylene glycol ) -block-poly ( ε-caprolactone ) ( PEG-b-PCL ) micelles were loaded with paclitaxel ( cytotoxic agent ) , cyclopamine ( hedgehog inhibitor ) , and gossypol ( Bcl-2 inhibitor ) . 
After physicochemical studies focusing on combination drug solubilization , 3-drug PEG-b-PCL micelles were evaluated in vitro in 2-D and 3-D cell culture and in vivo in xenograft models of ovarian cancer , tracking bioluminescence signals from ES-2 and SKOV3 human ovarian cancer cell lines after IP injection . 
3-Drug PEG-b-PCL micelles were not significantly more potent in 2-D cell culture in comparison to paclitaxel; however , they disaggregated ES-2 tumor spheroids , whereas single drugs or 2-drug combinations only slowed growth of ES-2 tumor spheroids or had no noticeable effects . 
In ES-2 and SKOV3 xenograft models , 3-drug PEG-b-PCL micelles had significantly less tumor burden than paclitaxel based on bioluminescence imaging , 3'-deoxy-3'- ( 18 ) F-fluorothymidine ( ( 18 ) F-FLT ) PET imaging , and overall survival . 
( 18 ) F-FLT-PET images clearly showed that 3-drug PEG-b-PCL micelles dramatically reduce tumor volumes over paclitaxel and vehicle controls . 
In summary , PEG-b-PCL micelles enable the IP combination drug delivery of paclitaxel , cyclopamine and gossypol , resulting in tumor growth inhibition and prolonged survival over paclitaxel alone . 
These results validate a novel treatment strategy for ovarian cancer based on drug combinations of cytotoxic agents and molecular targeted agents , delivered concurrently by a nanoscale drug delivery system , e . 
g . 
PEG-b-PCL micelles . Poly-lactide-co-glycolide ( PLGA ) microparticles emerged as one of the most promising strategies to achieve site-specific drug delivery . 
Although these microparticles have been demonstrated to be effective in several wound healing models , their potential in cardiac regeneration has not yet been fully assessed . 
The present work sought to explore PLGA microparticles as cardiac drug delivery systems . 
PLGA microparticles were prepared by Total Recirculation One-Machine System ( TROMS ) after the formation of a multiple emulsion . 
Microparticles of different size were prepared and characterized to select the most suitable size for intramyocardial administration . 
Next , the potential of PLGA microparticles for administration in the heart was assessed in a MI rat model . 
Particle biodegradation over time and myocardial tissue reaction were studied by routine staining and confocal microscopy . 
Results showed that microparticles with a diameter of 5μm were the most compatible with intramyocardial administration in terms of injectability through a 29-gauge needle and tissue response . 
Particles were present in the heart tissue for up to 3months post-implantation and no particle migration toward other solid organs was observed , demonstrating good myocardial retention . 
CD68 immunolabeling revealed 31% , 47% and below 4% microparticle uptake by macrophages 1week , 1month , and 3months after injection , respectively ( P<0 . 001 ) . 
Taken together , these findings support the feasibility of the developed PLGA microparticles as vehicles for delivering growth factors in the infarcted myocardium . Identification of Transglutaminase Substrates from Porcine Nucleus Pulposus as Potential Amplifiers in Cross-Linking Cell Scaffolds . Ventricular tachyarrhythmias in a canine model of LQT3 : arrhythmogenic effects of sympathetic activity and therapeutic effects of mexiletine . 3-Methylcrotonylglycinuria is an inborn error of leucine catabolism with an autosomal recessive pattern of inheritance that results from a deficiency of 3-methylcrotonyl-CoA carboxylase ( MCC ) . 
We report on a nine-year-old boy with severe psychomotor retardation who developed infantile spasms at the age of three weeks . 
Urine analysis at the age of two years revealed massive 3-methylcrotonylglycinuria and 3-hydroxyisovaleric aciduria suggesting MCC deficiency . 
Carnitine serum levels were decreased . 
Biotin therapy led to a dramatic decrease in the frequency of seizures , disappearance of hypsarrhythmia , and near normalisation of organic aciduria . 
Four months later a protein-restricted diet was introduced in addition and the boy remained clinically and metabolically stable . 
However , severe psychomotor delay persisted , and the seizures partially reoccurred . 
Biochemical findings showed partial MCC deficiency in cultured fibroblasts . 
Molecular genetic studies revealed a heterozygote missense mutation , MCCA-R385S , converting arginine to serine in a highly conserved region of the MCCA gene . 
This is the first patient with MCC deficiency caused by a heterozygote mutation and who demonstrated a substantial and sustained clinical and biochemical response to therapeutic doses of biotin . 
Sadly , this patient again also demonstrates that the main determinant of the outcome of even easily treatable metabolic diseases is timely diagnosis . Brain metastases are a common cause of death in stage IV metastatic melanoma . 
Dabrafenib is a BRAF ( gene encoding serine / threonine-protein kinase B-Raf ) inhibitor that has been developed to selectively target the valine 600 to glutamic acid substitution ( BRAF ( V600E ) ) , which is commonly found in metastatic melanoma . 
Clinical trials with dabrafenib have shown encouraging results; however , the central nervous system distribution of dabrafenib remains unknown . 
Thus , the objective of the current study was to evaluate the brain distribution of dabrafenib in mice , and to see whether active efflux by P-glycoprotein ( P-gp ) and breast cancer resistance protein ( BCRP ) restricts its delivery across the blood-brain barrier ( BBB ) . 
In vitro accumulation studies conducted in Madin-Darby canine kidney II cells indicate that dabrafenib is an avid substrate for both P-gp and BCRP . 
Directional flux studies revealed greater transport in the basolateral to apical direction with corrected efflux ratios greater than 2 for both P-gp and Bcrp1 transfected cell lines . 
In vivo , the ratio of area under the concentration-time curve ( AUC ) ( brain ) to AUC ( plasma ) ( K ( p ) ) of dabrafenib after an i . 
v . 
dose ( 2 . 5 mg / kg ) was 0 . 023 , which increased by 18-fold in Mdr1 a / b ( - / - ) Bcrp1 ( - / - ) mice to 0 . 42 . 
Dabrafenib plasma exposure was ∼2-fold greater in Mdr1 a / b ( - / - ) Bcrp1 ( - / - ) mice as compared with wild-type with an oral dose ( 25 mg / kg ) ; however , the brain distribution was increased by ~10-fold with a resulting K ( p ) of 0 . 25 . 
Further , compared with vemurafenib , another BRAF ( V600E ) inhibitor , dabrafenib showed greater brain penetration with a similar dose . 
In conclusion , the dabrafenib brain distribution is limited in an intact BBB model , and the data presented herein may have clinical implications in the prevention and treatment of melanoma brain metastases . Cyclooxygenase-2 contributes to N-methyl-D-aspartate-mediated neuronal cell death in primary cortical cell culture . Mammalian transient receptor potential ( TRP ) channels are involved in many physiologically important processes . 
Here , we have studied the significance of the TRPC2 channel in the regulation of rat thyroid FRTL-5 cell proliferation , migration , adhesion and invasion , using stable TRPC2 ( shTRPC2 ) knock-down cells . 
In the shTRPC2 cells , proliferation was decreased due to a prolonged G1 / S cell cycle phase . 
The tumor suppressor p53 and the cyclin-dependant kinase inhibitors p27 and p21 were upregulated . 
Cell invasion , adhesion and migration were also attenuated in shTRPC2 cells , probably due to decreased activity of both Rac and calpain , and a decreased secretion and activity of matrix metalloproteinase 2 . 
The attenuated proliferation , migration , invasion and ATP-evoked calcium entry was mimicked by overexpressing a non-conducting , truncated TRPC2 ( TRPC2-DN ) in wild type cells , and was reversed by overexpression of TRPC2-GFP in shTRPC2 cells . 
In conclusion , TRPC2 is an important regulator of rat thyroid cell function . Salvia officinalis L . 
can be found worldwide and its leaves are commonly used as ingredient in food industry . 
Sage essential oil is applied in the treatment of a range of diseases and has been shown to possess different biological activities . 
The objectives of our research were to study the effects of environment on crop , chemical composition and anticancer activity on S . 
officinalis essential oil . 
Sage was cultivated at eighteen experimental sites in south-central Italy ( Molise ) in different growing environments . 
The essential oils ( S1-S18 ) , extracted by hydrodistillation , were analyzed by GC and CG / MS . 
Results show that the main components were α-thujone , camphor , borneol , γ-muurolene and sclareol for all the samples , but the percentages of these compounds varied depending on environmental factors such as altitude , water availability and pedo-climatic conditions . 
The growth-inhibitory and proapoptotic effects of the eighteen sage essential oils were evaluated in three human melanoma cell lines , A375 , M14 , and A2058 . Grb10-mediated Negative Regulation of IGF1R-Activated Signalling Pathway Results in Cognitive Disorder in Diabetic Rats . Five patients with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma ( NHL ) and 4 patients with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( CLL ) were treated with the CDR-grafted ( rat x human ) monoclonal antibody ( mAb ) Campath-1H ( anti-CD52 ) . 
Tumour regression was noted preferentially in peripheral blood and in the bone marrow but lymph nodes were less affected . 
Normal blood B and T cells were profoundly reduced in all patients whereas CD16 + NK cells and CD14 + monocytes decreased marginally . 
In all responding CLL patients CD52-negative T but not B cells appeared during treatment and persisted for several months ( 4-19 + ) during unmaintained follow-up . 
Clonal T cells defined as a predominance of a single T cell receptor ( TCR ) V gene usage , in one case verified by TCR CDR3 fragment analysis and nucleotide sequencing , emerged within the CD52- / CD8 + cell population during Campath-1H therapy in 2 CLL patients , both achieving a long-lasting remission . 
The increase in CD8 + T cell expansions ( up to 23-fold ) during unmaintained remission and follow-up suggest that the clonal CD8 + cells may represent regulatory T cells controlling the growth of the tumour B cell clone . 
Clonal T cells might thus be a target for an immune therapeutic intervention in B cell tumours . Theoretical Characterization of Galanin Receptor Type 3 ( Gal3 ) and Its Interaction with Agonist ( GALANIN ) and Antagonists ( SNAP 37889 and SNAP 398299 ) : An In Silico Analysis . We investigated the effects of transforming growth factor alpha ( TGF-alpha ) on DNA synthesis and proliferation in primary cultures of adult rat hepatocytes and examined the influence of alpha and beta adrenoceptor agonists on the TGF-alpha-induced responses . 
TGF-alpha ( 1 . 0 ng / ml ) produced a 4 . 1-fold elevation of DNA synthesis during 3 h of culture and a 1 . 2-fold increase in the nucleus number ( proliferation ) during 4 h of culture at a cell density of 3 . 3 x 10 ( 4 ) cells / cm ( 2 ) . 
The TGF-alpha-induced hepatocyte DNA synthesis and proliferation were dose-dependent at EC ( 50 ) values of 0 . 36 ng / ml and 0 . 45 ng / ml , respectively . 
Hepatocyte DNA synthesis and proliferation induced by 1 . 0 ng / ml TGF-alpha did not reduce even at higher initial plating densities ( 5 . 0 x 10 ( 4 ) and 1 . 0 x 10 ( 5 ) cells / cm ( 2 ) ) . 
Increasing concentrations of the beta ( 2 ) adrenoceptor agonist metaproterenol ( 10 ( -7 ) -10 ( -6 ) M ) markedly reduced the proliferative effects of TGF-alpha , whereas those of the alpha ( 2 ) adrenoceptor agonist 5-bromo-6- [ 2-imidazolin-2-yl-amino ] -quinoxaline ( UK-14304; 10 ( -6 ) -10 ( -5 ) M ) and the alpha ( 1 ) adrenoceptor agonist phenylephrine ( 10 ( -7 ) -10 ( -6 ) M ) significantly potentiated the TGF-alpha action . 
The proliferative effects of TGF-alpha ( 1 . 0 ng / ml ) were not affected significantly by a monoclonal antiepidermal growth factor receptor antibody ( 1-100 ng / ml ) and were almost completely blocked by specific inhibitors of signal transducers such as genistein ( 10 ( -5 ) M ) , 1-6 [ [ 17beta-3methoxyestra-1 , 3 , 5 ( 10 ) -trien-17-yl ] amino ] hexyl ] -1H-pyrrol2 , 5-dione ( U-73122; 0 ( -5 ) M ) , wortmannin ( 5 x 10 ( -7 ) M ) , sphingosine ( 5 x 10 ( -6 ) M ) , 2'-amino-3'-methoxyflavone ( PD98059; 5 x 10 ( -5 ) M ) , and rapamycin ( 10 ng / ml ) . 
These results suggest that among the elements that link signals of cell surface receptor to the nucleus , the proliferative action of TGF-alpha is mediated , at least , by tyrosine kinase , phospholipase C , phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase , protein kinase C , mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase , and ribosomal protein p70 S6 kinase . L-serine dehydratase ( SDH ) , a member of the beta-family of pyridoxal phosphate-dependent ( PLP ) enzymes , catalyzes the deamination of L-serine and L-threonine to yield pyruvate or 2-oxobutyrate . 
The crystal structure of L-serine dehydratase from human liver ( hSDH ) has been solved at 2 . 5 A-resolution by molecular replacement . 
The structure is a homodimer and reveals a fold typical for beta-family PLP-dependent enzymes . 
Each monomer serves as an active unit and is subdivided into two distinct domains : a small domain and a PLP-binding domain that covalently anchors the cofactor . 
Both domains show the typical open alpha / beta architecture of PLP enzymes . 
Comparison with the rSDH- ( PLP-OMS ) holo-enzyme reveals a large structural difference in active sites caused by the artifical O-methylserine . 
Furthermore , the activity of hSDH-PLP was assayed and it proved to show catalytic activity . 
That suggests that the structure of hSDH-PLP is the first structure of the active natural holo-SDH . NMDA receptors are not alone : dynamic regulation of NMDA receptor structure and function by neuregulins and transient cholesterol-rich membrane domains leads to disease-specific nuances of glutamate-signalling . The role of P-glycoprotein in CNS antihistamine effects . The anticonvulsant activity of inhibitors of monoamine oxidase ( MAO ) was reported early after the development of irreversible MAO inhibitors such as tranylcypromine , but was never clinically used because of the adverse effects of these compounds . 
The more recently developed reversible MAO inhibitors with selectivity for either the MAO-A or MAO-B isoenzyme forms have not been studied extensively in animal models of epilepsy , so it is not known which type of MAO inhibitor is particularly effective in this respect . 
We compared the following drugs in the kindling model of epilepsy : 1 ) L-deprenyl ( selegiline ) , i . 
e . 
, an irreversible inhibitor of MAO-B , which , however , also inhibits MAO-A at higher doses , 2 ) the novel reversible MAO-B inhibitor LU 53439 ( 3 , 4-dimethyl-7- ( 2-isopropyl-1 , 3 , 4-thiadiazol-5-yl ) -methoxy-coumarin ) , which is much more selective for MAO-B than L-deprenyl , 3 ) the novel reversible and highly selective MAO-A inhibitor LU 43839 ( esuprone; 7-hydroxy-3 , 4-dimethylcoumarin ethanesulfonate ) , and 4 ) the irreversible nonselective MAO inhibitor tranylcypromine . 
Esuprone proved to be an effective anticonvulsant in the kindling model with a similar potency as L-deprenyl . 
In contrast to esuprone and L-deprenyl , the selective MAO-B inhibitor LU 53439 was not effective in the kindling model; this substantiates the previous notion that the anticonvulsant activity of L-deprenyl is not related to MAO-B inhibition , but to other effects of this drug , such as inhibition of MAO-A . 
Drugs inhibiting both MAO-A and MAO-B to a similar extent ( tranylcypromine ) or combinations of selective MAO-A and MAO-B inhibitors ( esuprone plus LU 53439 ) had no advantage over MAO-A inhibition alone , but were less well tolerated . 
The data thus suggest that selective MAO-A inhibitors such as esuprone may be an interesting new approach for the treatment of epilepsy . Verapamil prevents torsade de pointes by reduction of transmural dispersion of repolarization and suppression of early afterdepolarizations in an intact heart model of LQT3 . Study of endothelial cell apoptosis using fluorescence resonance energy transfer ( FRET ) biosensor cell line with hemodynamic microfluidic chip system . Furanodiene Presents Synergistic Anti-proliferative Activity With Paclitaxel Via Altering Cell Cycle and Integrin Signaling in 95-D Lung Cancer Cells . Oxytocin receptor binding and uterotonic activity of carbetocin and its metabolites following enzymatic degradation . Hypoxia inducible factor-1α ( HIF-1α ) is a transcription factor found in mammalian cells under hypoxia . 
While HIF-1α in hypoxia translocates to the nucleus where it transcribes the target genes including vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) mRNA , HIF-1α is degraded under normoxia , which involves its proline hydroxylation and subsequent binding to the von Hippel-Lindau protein-Elongin B-Elogin C ( VBC ) complex . 
Previously , peptide inhibitors against this interaction between hydroxylated HIF-1α and VBC have been developed to stabilize the transcriptional activity of HIF-1α by preventing the degradation of the protein even under normoxia . 
Despite the specific inhibition by these peptides , their poor inhibition potency needs to be improved for further clinical application . 
In this work , we have designed and prepared a streptavidin-based multivalent peptide inhibitor against the HIF-1α-VBC complexation . 
We have evaluated the potency of the multivalent peptide in terms of stabilization of HIF-1α and the downstream effect . 
As the result , we have found that the inhibitor showed about 13-fold lowered IC50 value compared with that of the corresponding monovalent peptide , thereby activating HIF-1α and leading to up-regulation of VEGF protein at the cellular level . Mutation of arginine 228 to lysine enhances the glucosyltransferase activity of bovine beta-1 , 4-galactosyltransferase I . Pemetrexed in pancreatic cancer . Stimulation of Calu-3 epithelia with 7 , 8-benzoquinoline , under short circuit current conditions , produced a current increase that was completely accounted for by the net flux of chloride , measured simultaneously with 36Cl- . 
Nevertheless the current stimulated by 7 , 8-benzoquinoline was sensitive to acetazolamide , which caused up to 50 % inhibition of the stimulated current , the remainder being sensitive to the Na + -K + -2Cl- cotransport inhibitor bumetanide . 
The effects of acetazolamide could be mimicked by either amiloride or by the di-sodium salt of 4 , 4'-dinitrostilbene-2 , 2'-disulphonic acid ( DNDS ) added to the basolateral side of the epithelium , but their actions were not additive . 
Amiloride was needed in sufficient concentration to inhibit the sodium-proton exchanger NHE1 . 
DNDS blocks both the chloride-bicarbonate exchanger AE2 and the sodium-bicarbonate transporter NBC1 . 
However , since 7 , 8-benzoquinoline activates basolateral K + channels , causing hyperpolarisation , it is unlikely NBC1 is active after addition of 7 , 8-benzoquinoline . 
The effect of DNDS is , therefore , mainly on AE2 . 
It is concluded that chloride enters the basolateral aspect of the cells using the Na + -K + -2Cl- cotransporter and a parallel arrangement of NHE1 with AE2 , these latter two being sensitive to acetazolamide because of their association with the cytoplasmic form of carbonic anhydrase CAII . 
The effects of acetazolamide could be mimicked by removal of HCO3- / CO2 from the bathing medium , and furthermore showed that the NHE1-AE2 mechanism is particularly important when the transport rate is high . 
Thus part of the current stimulated by 7 , 8-benzoquinoline and inhibited by acetazolamide or HCO3- / CO2 removal can be said to represent bicarbonate-dependent chloride secretion . Imatinib is a selective protein tyrosine kinase inhibitor currently used in the treatment of chronic myeloid leukaemia ( CML ) . 
It specifically suppresses the growth of bcr-abl expressing CML progenitor cells by blocking the ATP-binding site of the kinase domain of bcr-abl . 
Imatinib also inhibits the c-abl , platelet derived growth factor receptor ( PDGFR ) , abl-related gene and stem cell factor receptor , c-kit , protein tyrosine kinases . 
It is through inhibition of c-kit that imatinib is also used clinically in the treatment of gastrointestinal stromal tumours . 
We have recently demonstrated that imatinib also specifically targets the macrophage colony stimulating factor receptor , c-fms , at therapeutic concentrations . 
Although this finding has important implications with regard to potential side effects in patients currently receiving imatinib therapy , these results suggest that imatinib may also be useful in the treatment of diseases where c-fms is implicated . 
This includes breast and ovarian cancer and inflammatory conditions such as rheumatoid arthritis . 
We also speculate that imatinib may be used in diseases where bone destruction occurs due to excessive osteoclast activity , such as in the haematologic malignancy , multiple myeloma . High cholesterol turnover catalyzed by cholesterol 24-hydroxylase is essential for neural functions , especially learning . 
Because 24 ( S ) -hydroxycholesterol ( 24-OHC ) , produced by 24-hydroxylase , induces apoptosis of neuronal cells , it is vital to eliminate it rapidly from cells . 
Here , using differentiated SH-SY5Y neuron-like cells as a model , we examined whether 24-OHC is actively eliminated via transporters induced by its accumulation . 
The expression of ABCA1 and ABCG1 was induced by 24-OHC , as well as TO901317 and retinoic acid , which are ligands of the nuclear receptors LXR / RXR . 
When the expression of ABCA1 and ABCG1 was induced , 24-OHC efflux was stimulated in the presence of high density lipoprotein ( HDL ) , whereas apolipoprotein A-I was not an efficient acceptor . 
The efflux was suppressed by the addition of siRNA against ABCA1 , but not by ABCG1 siRNA . 
To confirm the role of each transporter , we analyzed HEK293 cells stably expressing human ABCA1 or ABCG1; we clearly observed 24-OHC efflux in the presence of HDL , whereas efflux in the presence of apolipoprotein A-I was marginal . 
Furthermore , the treatment of primary cerebral neurons with LXR / RXR ligands suppressed the toxicity of 24-OHC . 
These results suggest that ABCA1 actively eliminates 24-OHC in the presence of HDL as a lipid acceptor and protects neuronal cells . 
This article is protected by copyright . 
All rights reserved . We describe the isolation of a molluscan ( Lymnaea stagnalis ) full-length complementary DNA that encodes a mature polypeptide ( which we have named Lym-eGluR2 ) with a predicted molecular weight of 105 kDa that exhibits 44-48% identity to the mammalian kainate-selective glutamate receptor GluR5 , GluR6 , and GluR7 subunits . 
Injection of in vitro-transcribed RNA from this clone into Xenopus laevis oocytes results in the robust expression of homo-oligomeric cation channels that can be gated by L-glutamate ( EC50 = 1 . 2 + / - 0 . 3 micron ) and several other glutamate receptor agonists; rank order of potency : glutamate >> kainate > ibotenate > AMPA . 
These currents can be blocked by the mammalian non-NMDA receptor antagonists 6 , 7-dinitroquinoxaline-2 , 3-dione , 6-cyano-7-nitroquinoxaline-2 , 3-dione , and 1- ( 4-chlorobenzoyl ) piperazine-2 , 3-dicarboxylic acid . 
Ionic-replacement experiments have shown that the agonist-induced current is carried entirely by sodium and potassium ions . 
In situ hybridization has revealed that the Lym-eGluR2 transcript is present in all 11 ganglia of the Lymnaea CNS , including the 4-cluster motorneurons within the paired buccal ganglia . 
The pharmacological properties and deduced location of Lym-eGluR2 are entirely consistent with it being ( a component of ) the receptor , which has been identified previously on buccal motorneurons , that mediates the excitatory effects of glutamate released from neurons within the feeding central pattern generator . Hydrogen sulfide increases nitric oxide production with calcium-dependent activation of endothelial nitric oxide synthase in endothelial cells . Benzodiazepine receptor binding of triazolobenzodiazepines in vivo : increased receptor number with low-dose alprazolam . A novel method employing high-performance liquid chromatograph-mass spectrometry ( LC-MS ) has been developed and validated for the quantitation of plasma 2'-deoxyuridine ( UdR ) . 
It involves a plasma clean-up step with strong anion-exchange solid-phase extraction ( SAX-SPE ) followed by HPLC separation and atmospheric pressure chemical ionization mass spectrometry detection ( APCI-MS ) in a selected-ion monitoring ( SIM ) mode . 
The ionization conditions were optimised in negative ion mode to give the best intensity of the dominant formate adduct [ M + HCOO ] - at m / z 273 . 
Retention times were 7 . 5 and 12 . 5 min for 2'-deoxyuridine and 5-iodo-2'-deoxyuridine , an iodinated analogue internal standard ( IS ) , respectively . 
Peak area ratios of 2'-deoxyuridine to IS were used for regression analysis of the calibration curve . 
The latter was linear from 5 to 400 nmol / l using 1 ml sample volume of plasma . 
The average recovery was 81 . 5% and 78 . 6% for 2'-deoxyuridine and 5-iodo-deoxyuridine , respectively . 
The method provides sufficient sensitivity , precision , accuracy and selectivity for routine analysis of human plasma 2'-deoxyuridine concentration with the lowest limit of quantitation ( LLOQ ) of 5 nmol / l . 
Clinical studies in cancer patients treated with the new fluoropyrimidine analogue capecitabine ( N4-pentoxycarbonyl-5'-5-fluorocytidine ) have shown that plasma 2'-deoxyuridine was significantly elevated after 1 week of treatment , consistent with inhibition of thymidylate synthase ( TS ) . 
These findings suggest that the mechanism of antiproliferative toxicity of capecitabine is at least partly due to TS inhibitory activity of its active metabolite 5-fluoro-2'-deoxyuridine monophosphate ( FdUMP ) . 
Monitoring of plasma UdR concentrations have the potential to help clinicians to guide scheduling of capecitabine or other TS inhibitors in clinical trials . 
Marked differences of plasma 2'-deoxyuridine between human and rodents have also been confirmed . 
In conclusion , the LC-MS method developed is simple , highly selective and sensitive and permits pharmacodynamic studies of TS inhibitors in several species . Sunset yellow FCF , a permitted food dye , alters functional responses of splenocytes at non-cytotoxic dose . In this study , we investigated the alterations of the redox balance induced by the lipid fraction of oxLDL in Caco-2 intestinal cells , and the effects of tyrosol and protocatechuic acid , two dietary phenolic compounds . 
We found that oxidized lipids extracted from oxLDL ( LipE ) induced oxidative stress by determining , 6 h after treatment , ROS overproduction ( about a 100% and a 43% increase of O*2 and H2O2 production , respectively , P< . 05 : LipE vs . 
control ) and , 12 h after treatment , GSH depletion ( about a 26% decrease , P< . 05 : LipE vs . 
control ) , and by impairing the activities of superoxide dismutase , catalase and glutathione peroxidase . 
In response to the induced oxidative stress , we observed significant overexpression of glutathione peroxidase ( 6 h after treatment : P< . 05 ) , glutathione reductase and gamma-glutamylcysteine synthetase ( 12 h after treatment : P< . 05 ) . 
Notably , when GSH depletion occurred , p66Shc protein expression increased by about 300% with respect to control ( P< . 001; LipE vs . 
control ) . 
These effects were fully counteracted by dietary phenolics which inhibited ROS overproduction and GSH consumption , rendered the reactive transcription of glutathione-associated enzymes unnecessary and blocked the intracellular signals leading to the overexpression and rearrangement of p66Shc signalling molecule . 
Altogether , these results suggest that the impairment of the antioxidant system hijacks intestinal cells towards an apoptotic-prone phenotype via the activation of p66Shc molecule . 
They also propose a reappraisal of dietary polyphenols as intestinal protecting agents , indicating the antiapoptotic effect as a further mechanism of action of these antioxidant compounds . Extract from Mimosa pigra attenuates chronic experimental pulmonary hypertension . Inhibition of oxidative stress and inflammation in vascular endothelial cells ( ECs ) may represent a new therapeutic strategy against endothelial activation . 
Sinapic acid ( SA ) , a phenylpropanoid compound , is found in natural herbs and high-bran cereals and has moderate antioxidant activity . 
We aimed to develop new SA agents with the properties of antioxidation and blocking EC activation for possible therapy of cardiovascular disease . 
We designed and synthesized 10 SA derivatives according to their chemical structures . 
Preliminary screening of the compounds involved scavenging hydroxyl radicals and 2 , 2-diphenyl-1-picrylhydrazyl ( DPPH ( ⋅ ) ) , croton oil-induced ear edema in mice , and analysis of the mRNA expression of adhesion molecules in ECs . 
1-Acetyl-sinapic acyl-4- ( 3'-chlorine- ) benzylpiperazine ( SA9 ) had the strongest antioxidant and anti-inflammatory activities both in vitro and in vivo . 
Thus , the effect of SA9 was further studied . 
SA9 inhibited tumor necrosis factor α-induced upregulation of adhesion molecules in ECs at both mRNA and protein levels , as well as the consequent monocyte adhesion to ECs . 
In vivo , result of face-to-face immunostaining showed that SA9 reduced lipopolysaccharide-induced expression of intercellular adhesion molecule-1 in mouse aortic intima . 
To study the molecular mechanism , results from luciferase assay , nuclear translocation of NF-κB , and Western blot indicated that the mechanism of the anti-inflammatory effects of SA9 might be suppression of intracellular generation of ROS and inhibition of NF-κB activation in ECs . 
SA9 is a prototype of a novel class of antioxidant with anti-inflammatory effects in ECs . 
It may represent a new therapeutic approach for preventing endothelial activation in cardiovascular disorders . Platelet-derived microparticles in overweight / obese women with the polycystic ovary syndrome . The mechanism ( s ) responsible for arterial vasodilation observed following acute administration of racemic carvedilol , a novel vasodilator / beta adrenoceptor antagonist , has been investigated in rats . 
In conscious spontaneously hypertensive rats , carvedilol ( 0 . 03-3 . 0 mg / kg , iv ) produced a dose-dependent reduction in blood pressure with no significant effect on heart rate . 
Because cardiac output was relatively unaffected , the antihypertensive response of carvedilol was associated with a dose-dependent reduction in total peripheral vascular resistance . 
Submaximal antihypertensive doses of carvedilol were chosen for mechanism of action studies in pithed rats . 
Carvedilol ( 0 . 3 mg / kg , iv ) produced a significant inhibition of the beta 1 adrenoceptor mediated positive chronotropic response to isoproterenol . 
This same dose of carvedilol also inhibited , but to a lesser degree , the beta 2 adrenoceptor mediated vasodepressor response to salbutamol in pithed rats whose blood pressure was elevated by a constant intravenous infusion of angiotensin II . 
Thus , carvedilol blocks both beta 1 and beta 2 adrenoceptors at antihypertensive doses , with modest selectivity being observed for the beta 1 adrenoceptor subtype . 
Carvedilol produced significant inhibition of the alpha 1 adrenoceptor mediated pressor response to cirazoline in the pithed rat , but had no effect on the alpha 2 adrenoceptor mediated pressor response to B-HT 933 , suggesting that carvedilol is also an alpha 1 adrenoceptor antagonist at antihypertensive doses . 
Carvedilol had no effect on the pressor response elicited by angiotensin II , indicating a lack of nonspecific vasodilator activity . 
The vasopressor response to the calcium channel activator , BAY-K-8644 , which is mediated through the opening of voltage dependent calcium channels and the subsequent translocation of extracellular calcium , was significantly inhibited by carvedilol ( 1 mg / kg , iv ) , suggesting that carvedilol is also a calcium channel antagonist , consistent with our previous in vitro studies . 
In anesthetized spontaneously hypertensive rats , the antihypertensive activity of carvedilol was nearly abolished by combined pretreatment of the rats with high doses of the alpha 1 adrenoceptor antagonist , prazosin ( 1 mg / kg , iv ) , and the nonselective beta adrenoceptor antagonist , propranolol ( 3 mg / kg , iv ) , suggesting that the majority of the antihypertensive response produced by carvedilol may be accounted for by blockade of beta and alpha 1 adrenoceptors . 
We therefore conclude that carvedilol , at antihypertensive doses , is an antagonist of beta 1 , beta 2 , and alpha 1 adrenoceptors , and also of calcium channels in vascular smooth muscle . 
( ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS ) A combined nuclear and nucleolar localization motif in activation-induced cytidine deaminase ( AID ) controls immunoglobulin class switching . The ribosomal protein S6 ( rpS6 ) is a component of the small 40S ribosomal subunit , involved in multiple physiological functions . 
Here , we examined the effects produced by haloperidol , a typical antipsychotic drug , on the phosphorylation of rpS6 at Ser240 / 244 in the striatum , a brain region involved in neurodegenerative and neuropsychiatric disorders . 
Administration of haloperidol increased Ser240 / 244 phosphorylation in a subpopulation of GABA-ergic medium spiny neurons ( MSNs ) , which express dopamine D2 receptors ( D2Rs ) . 
This effect was prevented by rapamycin , an inhibitor of the mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1 ( mTORC1 ) , or by PF470867 , a selective inhibitor of the p70 ribosomal S6 kinase 1 ( S6K1 ) . 
We also found that the effect of haloperidol on Ser240 / 244 phosphorylation was prevented by functional inactivation of dopamine- and cAMP-regulated phosphoprotein of 32 kDa ( DARPP-32 ) , an endogenous inhibitor of protein phosphatase-1 ( PP-1 ) . 
In line with this observation , incubation of striatal slices with okadaic acid and calyculin A , two inhibitors of PP-1 , increased Ser240 / 244 phosphorylation . 
These results show that haloperidol promotes mTORC1- and S6K1-dependent phosphorylation of rpS6 at Ser240 / 244 , in a subpopulation of striatal MSNs expressing D2Rs . 
They also indicate that this effect is exerted by suppressing dephosphorylation at Ser240 / 244 , through PKA-dependent activation of DARPP-32 and inhibition of PP-1 . Significance of the transient receptor potential canonical 2 ( TRPC2 ) channel in the regulation of rat thyroid FRTL-5 cell proliferation , migration , adhesion and invasion . Dysfunctional lipid and glucose metabolism contribute to metabolic syndrome-a major public health concern that enhances cardiovascular disease risk . 
Arsenic ( As ( III ) ) exposure may increase metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease risk by impairing adipose tissue differentiation , function , and insulin sensitivity through pathogenic mechanisms that remain unclear . 
We hypothesized that As ( III ) signals through the Pertussis toxin ( Ptx ) sensitive , Gi protein-coupled receptor ( GPCR ) to impair adipogenesis , as previously demonstrated for its stimulation of vascular oxidant generation , angiogenesis , and remodeling . 
Because both As ( III ) and GPCR ligands inhibit progenitor cell differentiation into adipocytes , we investigated the hypothesis in a model of low-passage human mesenchymal stem cells ( hMSC ) . 
As ( III ) ( 0 . 1-1 . 0 µM ) suppressed dexamethasone / insulin-induced hMSC adipogenesis , as indicated by decreased transcriptional promoters of differentiation , decreased fat droplet formation , and decreased expression of differentiated adipocyte markers , such as adiponectin and perilipin . 
Preincubating hMSC with Ptx prevented 90% of the suppressive effect of As ( III ) . 
Selective competitive antagonists of Gi-coupled endothelin-1 type A and B receptors were ~60% effective in blocking As ( III ) inhibition and combination of antagonists to both receptors were 85% effective . 
In contrast , antagonists to the sphingosine-1-phosphate type 1 receptor ( previously shown to mediate As ( III ) vascular effects ) or the angiotensin II type 1 receptor were ineffective in blocking As ( III ) effects . 
These studies suggest a majority of arsenic-inhibited adipocyte differentiation , and metabolism requires endothelin-1 GPCRs and that As ( III ) effects on GPCR signaling are tissue and context specific . 
This may represent a significant mechanism for the contribution of arsenic exposure to increased metabolic and cardiovascular diseases . Vasopressin antagonists as aquaretic agents for the treatment of hyponatremia . Rheumatoid arthritis ( RA ) and other chronic inflammatory diseases are always the major therapeutic challenges . 
Recent research efforts provided new insights into the molecular basis of these diseases and new opportunities for developing improved anti-inflammatory drugs . 
The p38 mitogen-activated protein ( MAP ) kinase plays a central role in the regulation of the biosynthesis and release of several proinflammatory cytokines including tumor necrosis factor alpha ( TNF-α ) and interleukin-1 beta ( IL-1β ) . 
Hence , inhibition of the p38 MAP kinase is regarded as a promising therapeutic strategy for controlling inflammatory diseases . 
A diverse range of p38α MAP kinase inhibitors have been developed as potential anti-inflammatory agents , and some of them have entered the phase II clinical trials . 
The imidazole derivatives are known as competitive inhibitors at the ATP binding site of the p38α MAP kinase . 
Modifications on the imidazole scaffold have led to a large amount of potent p38α MAP kinase inhibitors . 
This review will summarize the developments of small molecule p38α MAP kinase inhibitors based on the imidazole core scaffolds in recent 10 years . 
Variations at the N1 , C2 , C4 and C5 positions of imidazole were introduced , and the structure-activity relationships of these imidazole inhibitors were also discussed . Metabolically obese status with normal weight is associated with both the prevalence and severity of angiographic coronary artery disease . The RXR agonist bexarotene improves cholesterol homeostasis and inhibits atherosclerosis progression in a mouse model of mixed dyslipidemia . Targeted adenovirus mediated inhibition of NF-κB-dependent inflammatory gene expression in endothelial cells in vitro and in vivo . Preclinical pharmacology of the taxanes : implications of the differences . Differential phosphoproteome of the striatum from pleiotrophin knockout and midkine knockout mice treated with amphetamine : Correlations with amphetamine-induced neurotoxicity . A molecular mechanism of action of theophylline : Induction of histone deacetylase activity to decrease inflammatory gene expression . Recent studies have shed new light on a possible link between the innate activation of plasmocytoid dendritic cells and marginal zone B cells and the pathogenesis of systemic lupus erythematosus . 
Animal studies have identified that this response requires the Toll-like receptor 9 ( TLR9 ) . 
Engagement of the TLR9 by various ligands , including non-canonical CpG-motifs , can cause or aggravate pathogenic autoantibody production and cytokine secretion in lupus . 
Attempts to neutralize this activity either by blocking the acidification of the endosomal compartment with chloroquine and related compounds , or by preventing the interaction between the CpG-DNA sequences and TLR9 using inhibitory oligonucleotides could be a promising therapeutic option for lupus . As the pandemic of type 2 diabetes spreads globally , clinicians face many challenges in treating an increasingly diverse patient population varying in age , comorbidities , and socioeconomic status . 
Current therapies for type 2 diabetes are often unable to alter the natural course of the disease and provide durable glycemic control , and side effects in the context of individual patient characteristics often limit treatment choices . 
This often results in the progression to insulin use and complex regimens that are difficult to maintain . 
Therefore , a number of agents are being developed to better address the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes and to overcome limitations of current therapies . 
The hope is to provide more options for glucose lowering and complication reduction with less risk for hypoglycemia and other adverse effects . 
These agents include newer incretin-based therapies and PPAR agonists , as well as new therapeutic classes such as sodium-coupled glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitors , free fatty acid receptor agonists , 11-β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1 inhibitors , glucokinase activators , and several others that may enter clinical use over the next decade . 
Herein we review these agents that are advancing through clinical trials and describe the rationale behind their use , mechanisms of action , and potential for glucose lowering , as well as what is known of their limitations . In Drosophila , glutamyl-prolyl-tRNA synthetase is a multifunctional synthetase encoded by a unique gene and composed of three domains : the amino- and carboxy-terminal domains catalyze the aminoacylation of glutamic acid and proline tRNA species , respectively , and the central domain is made of 75 amino acids repeated six times amongst which 46 are highly conserved and constitute the repeated motifs [ Cerini , C . 
, Kerjan , P . 
, Astier , M . 
, Gratecos , D . 
, Mirande , M . 
& Semeriva , M . 
( 1991 ) EMBO J . 
10 , 4267-4277 ] . 
The intron / exon organization of the Drosophila gene reveals the presence of six exons among which four are in the 5'-end encoding glutamic acid activity . 
Only one exon encodes the repeated motifs . 
A comparison of introns positions , intron classes and intron / exon boundaries in the Drosophila gene and in its human counterpart is compatible with the intron-early hypothesis presiding , at least in part , to the evolution of the synthetases . 
The full-length fly protein is encoded by a 6 . 1-kb mRNA which is expressed throughout development . 
In addition , a shorter transcript encompasses the 3'-end of the cDNA and it is especially abundant in 5-10-h embryos until the first larval stage . 
Expression of these two mRNAs seems to be controlled by two independent promoters . 
The 6 . 1-kb mRNA promoter is probably localized in the 5'-end of the gene . 
The small mRNA promoter resides in the 4th intron and evidence is provided that the mRNA encodes only the domain corresponding to prolyl-tRNA synthetase and is functional in vivo . 
Finally , transgenic flies have been established by using constructs corresponding to the three domains of the protein . 
Overexpression of the repeated motifs leads to a sterility of the flies that suggests a role of these motifs in linking the multienzyme complex to an , as yet , unknown structure of the protein synthesis apparatus . Deletion of CD74 , a putative MIF receptor , in mice enhances osteoclastogenesis and decreases bone mass . Venlafaxine is an antidepressant which blocks reuptake of noradrenaline and serotonin and , to a lesser extent , dopamine . 
These data have been confirmed by behavioral tests . 
It has been shown that by decreasing the overall cerebral quantity of 5-HT and NA , venlafaxine continued to have an antidepressant action in animal models . 
In addition , the drug has been shown to act preferentially on 5-HT1A and 5-HT1B receptors . An angiotensin II AT1 receptor antagonist , telmisartan augments glucose uptake and GLUT4 protein expression in 3T3-L1 adipocytes . Present and future pharmacotherapy for heart failure . GPR55 and its interaction with membrane lipids : comparison with other endocannabinoid-binding receptors . TNF-α-induced CXCL8 production by A549 cells : involvement of the non-neuronal cholinergic system . Glucocorticoid programming of the fetal male hippocampal epigenome . Naturally occurring HCA1 missense mutations result in loss of function : potential impact on lipid deposition . Irbesartan : a review of its use in hypertension and diabetic nephropathy . Susceptibility to fatty acid-induced β-cell dysfunction is enhanced in prediabetic diabetes-prone biobreeding rats : a potential link between β-cell lipotoxicity and islet inflammation . Rosiglitazone inhibits acyl-CoA synthetase activity and fatty acid partitioning to diacylglycerol and triacylglycerol via a peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma-independent mechanism in human arterial smooth muscle cells and macrophages . Unraveling the mechanisms involved in castration- and therapy-resistant prostate cancer has led to a renewed interest in androgen receptor ( AR ) -targeted therapeutics . 
Anti-androgens that block the activity of the AR therefore remain a valid therapeutic option . 
However , they must be more effective than , or display a distinct mechanism of action or binding mode from those of bicalutamide and hydroxyflutamide , which are currently in clinical use . 
For that reason , the second-generation anti-androgen MDV3100 was developed . 
MDV3100 , however , shares its 4-cyano-3- ( trifluoromethyl ) phenyl group with bicalutamide and hydroxyflutamide required for binding to the AR . 
In this work , we used a combined strategy to find new antagonist structures distinct from the 4-cyano-3- ( trifluoromethyl ) phenyl group to avoid cross-resistance for these compounds and to find structures without agonist activity on mutant ARs ( AR W741C and AR T877A ) . 
We found two novel chemotypes with AR-antagonistic activity ( IC ( 50 ) : 3-6 μM ) by virtual screening and confirmed their biological activity in an androgen-responsive reporter assay . 
The design of our computational approach was validated by the observation of strongly decreased or absence of agonistic activity on the two mutant ARs . 
Further structural derivatization to optimize the potency of these compounds can render these chemotypes into very promising , alternative AR antagonists for prostate cancer therapy . Nogo-a downregulation improves insulin secretion in mice . Inflammatory glomerular kidney diseases are often accompanied with a massive production of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) that affect the function of the glomerular filtration barrier and contribute to mesangiolysis via the induction of cell death in mesangial cells . 
Intriguingly , ROS also trigger fine-tuned signalling processes that affect gene expression and cell proliferation or migration . 
To define such redox-driven signalling devices , a proteomics approach was performed to identify the formation of protein complexes induced by ROS . 
To this end , protein lysates of human podocytes were treated with or without hydrogen peroxide ( 250 μM ) . 
Thereafter cell lysates were subjected to diagonal 2D gel electrophoresis and putative redox-affected proteins were analysed by MS / MS analysis . 
Among others , the regulatory subunit of protein kinase A ( PKA ) could be identified that forms homodimers under oxidative conditions . 
To evaluate whether ROS dependent dimerization of PKA also occurs in a more physiological setting , rat mesangial cells were treated with platelet-derived growth factor-BB ( PDGF-BB ) to induce ROS formation . 
This regimen resulted in a redox dependent dimerization of the R-subunits of PKA . 
To demonstrate whether PDGF-BB induced ROS formation affects PKA dependent pathways , the effects of PDGF-BB on phosphorylation of serine 157 of vasodilator stimulated protein ( VASP ) a classical target of PKA were analysed . 
Interestingly PDGF-BB induced VASP phosphorylation in a ROS dependent manner but independent of changes in cAMP levels . 
Taken together , we demonstrate a redox-mediated activation of PKA by PDGF-BB thus highlighting a physiological role of ROS as regulator of PKA activity in rat mesangial cells . Immunomodulatory properties of multi-walled carbon nanotubes in peripheral blood mononuclear cells from healthy subjects and allergic patients . Regenerative medicine holds the promise of replacing damaged tissues largely by stem cell activation . 
Hedgehog signaling through the plasma membrane receptor Smoothened ( Smo ) is an important process for regulating stem cell proliferation . 
The development of Hedgehog-related therapies has been impeded by a lack of US Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) -approved Smo agonists . 
Using a high-content screen with cells expressing Smo receptors and a beta-arrestin2-GFP reporter , we identified four FDA-approved drugs , halcinonide , fluticasone , clobetasol , and fluocinonide , as Smo agonists that activate Hedgehog signaling . 
These drugs demonstrated an ability to bind Smo , promote Smo internalization , activate Gli , and stimulate the proliferation of primary neuronal precursor cells alone and synergistically in the presence of Sonic Hedgehog protein . 
Halcinonide , fluticasone , clobetasol , and fluocinonide provide an unprecedented opportunity to develop unique clinical strategies to treat Hedgehog-dependent illnesses . A comparison of the signalling properties of two tyramine receptors from Drosophila . Atomoxetine in adults with ADHD : two randomized , placebo-controlled studies . Prolactin and sex steroids levels in congenital lifetime isolated GH deficiency . The active transport of solutes mediated by the bile salt export pump ( BSEP / ABCB11 ) and multidrug resistance associated protein-2 ( MRP2 / ABCC2 ) are thought to involve bile acid-dependent and -independent bile formation , respectively . 
To evaluate the potential of therapeutic agents as inhibitors of such transporters on bile canalicular membranes , we examined the inhibition of the primary active transport of typical substrates by 15 drugs , clinically known to cause cholestasis in canalicular membrane vesicles . 
The inhibition by most of the compounds in rat canalicular membrane vesicles ( CMVs ) was minimal or observed at much higher concentrations than obtained in clinical situations . 
However , cloxacillin , cyclosporin A and midecamycin inhibited BSEP , and cyclosporin A and midecamycin inhibited MRP2 with an inhibition constant close to the clinical concentration . 
By comparing the inhibition potential between rat and human CMVs , the inhibition of BSEP- and MRP2-mediated transport by midecamycin and cyclosporin A was relatively similar whereas the inhibitory effect on BSEP-mediated transport by cloxacillin and glibenclamide was more marked in humans than in rats . 
These results suggest that the majority of cholestasis-inducing drugs have a minimal inhibitory effect on rat BSEP and MRP2 although species differences in inhibitory potential should be considered , especially in the case of BSEP . Cytokine production by naive and primary effector CD4 + T cells exposed to norepinephrine . Dopamine D ( 1A ) receptor function in a rodent model of tardive dyskinesia . Phase 1 and phase 2 drug metabolism and bile acid production of HepaRG cells in a bioartificial liver in absence of dimethyl sulfoxide . BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE : Neuroinflammation plays a critical role in the pathogenesis of cerebral ischemia . 
Triflusal , a selective cyclooxygenase-2 , and its active metabolite 3-hydroxy-4-trifluoromethylbenzoic acid may inhibit apoptosis and inflammation after cerebral ischemia . 
An in vivo model of cerebral ischemia was used to investigate the effects of triflusal and aspirin treatment on infarct volume , and inflammation after cerebral ischemia in the rat . 
METHODS : Male Wistar rats were subjected to a permanent right-sided middle cerebral artery occlusion . 
Rats received oral administration of either triflusal or aspirin . 
After 3 days after surgery , immunostaining was used to detect neuroinflammatory cells and molecules , and infarct volumes were measured . 
RESULTS : Both triflusal and aspirin at a dose of 30 mg / kg but not 10 mg / kg significantly reduced infarct volume compared with vehicle treatment . 
Middle cerebral artery occlusion resulted in increased astrocyte and heat shock protein-27 ( Hsp27 ) immunostaining in the ipsilateral cortex . 
Triflusal ( 30 mg / kg ) or aspirin treatment ( 30 mg / kg ) did not reduce the levels of GFAP or Hsp27 immunostaining . 
Triflusal ( 30 mg / kg ) also significantly decreased the protein levels of IL-Ibeta but not nuclear factor kappa B or tumor necrosis factor-alpha in the cortex ipsilateral to the middle cerebral artery occlusion . 
CONCLUSIONS : The results suggest that triflusal and aspirin appear to be equally neuroprotective against middle cerebral artery occlusion-induced cerebral ischemia . 
Therefore , strong rationale exists to continue the neuroprotective examination of triflusal in brain injury . Discovery of a Novel Selective PPARγ Ligand with Partial Agonist Binding Properties by Integrated in Silico / in Vitro Work Flow . Critical amino acids in phosphodiesterase-5 catalytic site that provide for high-affinity interaction with cyclic guanosine monophosphate and inhibitors . New drugs are clearly needed for the treatment of advanced pancreatic cancer , a disease refractory to most chemotherapy . 
Pemetrexed , a novel antifolate , inhibits thymidylate synthase , dihydrofolate reductase , glycinamide ribonucleotide formyltransferase , and aminoimidazole carboxamide ribonucleotide formyltransferase . 
Pemetrexed is active against pancreatic cancer cell lines in vitro . 
Two partial responses in pancreatic cancer patients were observed in a phase I trial of pemetrexed . 
This led to a phase II trial of pemetrexed in patients with advanced pancreatic cancer . 
The objective response rate was 6% , 1-year survival rate was 28% , and the toxicities of therapy were mild . 
Pemetrexed is synergistic with gemcitabine in vitro . 
In a phase I trial , the pemetrexed / gemcitabine combination was broadly active and well tolerated . 
A phase II trial of this combination in 42 patients with advanced pancreatic cancer showed promising activity . 
A 520-patient international randomized phase III trial that compares the pemetrexed / gemcitabine combination with single-agent gemcitabine is currently accruing patients . SAR beyond protein-ligand interactions : By combining structure-affinity relationships , protein-ligand modeling studies , and quantum mechanical calculations , we show that ligand conformational energies and basicity play critical roles in ligand binding to the histamine H4 receptor , a GPCR that plays a key role in inflammation . Articular chondrocytes cultured in hypoxia : their response to interleukin-1beta and rhein , the active metabolite of diacerhein . Serotonin ( 5-HT ) syndrome is a potentially fatal condition associated with various combinations of serotonergic drugs . 
The present study was undertaken to demonstrate that nervous systems other than the 5-HT system also participate in the pathophysiology of 5-HT syndrome . 
Concentrations of 5-HT , dopamine ( DA ) and glutamate in the hypothalamus were measured in two different 5-HT syndrome animal models using a microdialysis technique . 
The first model was induced by tranylcypromine , a nonselective monoamine oxidase ( MAO ) inhibitor ( 3 . 5 mg / kg ) and fluoxetine , a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( SSRI ) ( 10 mg / kg ) . 
The second model was induced by clorgyline , an MAO-A inhibitor ( 1 . 2 mg / kg ) and 5-hydroxy-L-tryptophan , a precursor of 5-HT ( 5-HTP ) ( 80 mg / kg ) . 
In the first model , the levels of 5-HT and DA increased by 40-fold and 44-fold , respectively , compared with the preadministration levels . 
In the second model , the concentrations of 5-HT increased by up to 140-fold , whereas DA levels increased by only 10-fold , of the preadministration levels . 
Although the level of glutamate in the second model barely changed , a delayed increase in the glutamate level was observed in the first model . 
These findings suggest that not only hyperactivity of the 5-HT system , but also hyperactivity of the DA system , are present in 5-HT syndrome , and that the glutamatergic system is influenced in some 5-HT syndrome cases in which the DA concentration markedly increases . An experimental strategy based on solution viscosity perturbation allowed us to study the energetics of amide-substrates , p-aminobenzamidine ( p-ABZ ) and proflavin binding to the catalytic site of two proteolyzed forms of alpha-thrombin , i . 
e . 
zeta- and gamma T-thrombin . 
These thrombin derivatives are cleaved at the Leu144-Gly150 loop and at the fibrinogen recognition exosite ( FRS ) , respectively . 
A phenomenological analysis of thermodynamic data showed that the amide substrates and p-ABZ interactions with zeta-thrombin were respectively , associated with a chemical compensation ( i . 
e . 
the linear relationship between entropy and enthalpy of binding ) and a hydrophobic phenomenon ( i . 
e . 
a change in the standard heat capacity ) . 
The latter was slightly lower than that previously observed for a alpha-thrombin ( 0 . 78 + / - 0 . 25 versus 1 . 01 + / - 0 . 17 kcal / mol K ) . 
Both phenomenon were absent in gamma T-thrombin . 
The interaction of a alpha- , zeta- and gamma T-thrombin with macromolecular substrates that "bridge-bind" to both the catalytic site ( CS ) and fibrinogen recognition exosite ( FRS ) , such as fibrinogen and the cleavable platelet receptor ( CPR ) , was also evaluated . 
These interactions were studied by following fibrinopeptide A ( FpA ) release and by measuring intraplatelet Ca2 + changes induced by thrombin-CPR interaction . 
It was found that the free energy of activation ( RT ln Kcat / Km ) for both fibrinogen and CPR hydrolysis followed the same hierarchy , i . 
e . 
alpha > zeta > gamma . 
Moreover , the values of delta Cp for alpha- , zeta- and gamma T-thrombin interaction with p-ABZ were found to be linearly correlated to the free energy of activation for both fibrinogen and CPR cleavage . 
In conclusion , these data demonstrate that : ( 1 ) the Leu144-Gly150 loop and the FRS are both involved in the conformational transition linked to the binding of p-aminobenzamidine to the thrombin active site; ( 2 ) the extent of thrombin's capacity to undergo conformational transitions in alpha- , zeta- and gamma T forms is positively correlated to the free energy of activation for hydrolysis of macromolecular substrates interacting with both the catalytic domain and the FRS . BACKGROUND : Nondepolarizing neuromuscular blocking agents ( NMBAs ) are extensively used in the practice of anesthesia and intensive care medicine . 
Their primary site of action is at the postsynaptic nicotinic acetylcholine receptor ( nAChR ) in the neuromuscular junction , but their action on neuronal nAChRs have not been fully evaluated . 
Furthermore , observed adverse effects of nondepolarizing NMBAs might originate from an interaction with neuronal nAChRs . 
The aim of this study was to examine the effect of clinically used nondepolarizing NMBAs on muscle and neuronal nAChR subtypes . 
METHODS : Xenopus laevis oocytes were injected with messenger RNA encoding for the subunits included in the human alpha1beta1epsilondelta , alpha3beta2 , alpha3beta4 , alpha4beta2 , and alpha7 nAChR subtypes . 
The interactions between each of these nAChR subtypes and atracurium , cisatracurium , d-tubocurarine , mivacurium , pancuronium , rocuronium , and vecuronium were studied using an eight-channel two-electrode voltage clamp setup . 
Responses were measured as peak current and net charge . 
RESULTS : All nondepolarizing NMBAs inhibited both muscle and neuronal nAChRs . 
The neuronal nAChRs were reversibly and concentration-dependently inhibited in the low micromolar range . 
The mechanism ( i . 
e . 
, competitive vs . 
noncompetitive ) of the block at the neuronal nAChRs was dependent both on subtype and the NMBA tested . 
The authors did not observe activation of the nAChR subtypes by any of the NMBAs tested . 
CONCLUSIONS : The authors conclude that nondepolarizing NMBAs concentration-dependently inhibit human neuronal nAChRs . 
The inhibition of the presynaptic alpha3beta2 nAChR subtype expressed at the motor nerve ending provides a possible molecular explanation for the tetanic and train-of-four fade seen during a nondepolarizing neuromuscular block . Role of cyclic AMP in the modulation of IgE production by the beta 2-adrenoceptor agonist , fenoterol . Copper ( Cu ) is an essential micronutrient that , when present in high concentrations , becomes toxic to aquatic organisms . 
It is known that Cu toxicity may induce apoptotic cell death . 
However , the precise mechanism and the pathways that are activated , in fish , are still unclear . 
Thus , this study aimed to assess which apoptotic pathways are triggered by Cu , in zebrafish ( Danio rerio ) gill , the main target of waterborne pollutants . 
Fish where exposed to 12 . 5 and 100 μg / L of Cu during 6 , 12 , 24 and 48 h . 
Fish gills were collected to TUNEL assay and mRNA expression analysis of selected genes by real time PCR . 
An approach to different apoptosis pathways was done selecting p53 , caspase-8 , caspase-9 and apoptosis inducing factor ( AIF ) genes . 
The higher incidence of TUNEL-positive cells , in gill epithelia of the exposed fish , proved that Cu induced apoptosis . 
The results suggest that different apoptosis pathways are triggered by Cu at different time points of the exposure period , as the increase in transcripts was sequential , instead of simultaneous . 
Apoptosis seems to be initiated via intrinsic pathway ( caspase-9 ) , through p53 activation; then followed by the extrinsic pathway ( caspase-8 ) and finally by the caspase-independent pathway ( AIF ) . 
A possible model for Cu-induce apoptosis pathways is proposed . Hepatic growth hormone resistance after acute injury . 3D ligand-based virtual screening was employed to identify novel scaffolds for cannabinoid receptor ligand development . 
A total of 112 compounds with diverse structures were purchased from commercial vendors . 
12 CB1 receptor antagonists / inverse agonists and 10 CB2 receptor agonists were identified in vitro . 
One of the CB2 agonists , N-cyclopentyl-4-ethoxy-6- ( 4-methylpiperidin-1-yl ) -1 , 3 , 5-triazin-2-amine ( 19 , -logEC ( 50 ) = 7 . 5 , E ( max ) = 255% ) was selected for further development . 
As far as we are aware , the compound's 1 , 3 , 5-triazine scaffold represents a new core structure for CB2 agonists . 
A library of fifty-seven 2 , 4 , 6-trisubstituted-1 , 3 , 5-triazines was created to clarify the structure-activity relationship study of the analogs . Induction of apoptosis in human ovarian cancer cells by new anticancer compounds , epothilone A and B . A study of parabens and bisphenol A in surface water and fish brain tissue from the Greater Pittsburgh Area . Therapeutic potential of vasopressin receptor antagonists . Endothelin-3 Expression in the Subfornical Organ Enhances the Sensitivity of Nax , the Brain Sodium-Level Sensor , to Suppress Salt Intake . Currently , there is no satisfactory treatment for pulmonary fibrosis , and effective agents urgently need to be developed . 
The aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of baicalein on bleomycin-induced pulmonary fibrosis , and the novel mechanisms involved in the anti-fibrosis effects . 
Pulmonary fibrosis was induced by a single intratracheal instillation of 5 mg / kg bleomycin . 
Two bleomycin-treated groups were orally administered daily with 50 and 100 mg / kg of baicalein from day 1 to 28 . 
The results showed baicalein decreased hydroxyproline content and α-SMA levels and increased lung index . 
Histopathological examinations demonstrated baicalein could obviously lower the degree of alveolitis and lung fibrosis . 
The total antioxidant capacity in bleomycin-treated rats with baicalein was also remarkably higher than in those without baicalein . 
Baicalein remarkably decreased miR-21 levels and inhibited the increased expression of TGF-β1 and p-Smad-2 / 3 in bleomycin-treated rats . 
Baicalein can attenuate bleomycin-induced pulmonary fibrosis . 
The attenuation is partly achieved by improving antioxidant activity , alleviating inflammation , repressing miR-21 , and inhibiting TGF-β / Smad signaling . Effects of ORF 17583 , other histamine H2-receptor antagonists and omeprazole on gastric acid secretory states in rats and dogs . Ameliorative effect of aspalathin from rooibos ( Aspalathus linearis ) on acute oxidative stress in Caenorhabditis elegans . Sphingosine 1-phosphate receptor 1 ( S1P ( 1 ) ) upregulation and amelioration of experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis by an S1P ( 1 ) antagonist . Yerba Mate tea ( Mate ) , an infusion made from the leaves of the tree Ilex paraguariensis , is a widely consumed beverage in South America . 
This study was performed to investigate the effect of Mate tea on vascular endothelial dysfunction and liver lipoprotein receptor gene expression in hyperlipidemic rats , with the aim of gaining insight into its known lipid-lowering protective mechanisms . 
Sixty male Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into five groups : a normal control group ( NC ) , a high-fat diet group ( HC ) , and three Mate tea-treated groups . 
In the NC group , rats were fed with standard diet while in the other groups the rats were fed a high-fat diet for 8weeks . 
In the Mate tea-treated groups , the rats were fed a high-fat diet supplemented with low , moderate or high concentrations of aqueous Mate tea extract for the final 4weeks . 
Compared to the HC group , aqueous Mate tea extract significantly reduced endothelin ( ET ) and thromboxane B ( 2 ) ( TXB ( 2 ) ) levels and increased nitric oxide ( NO ) and 6-keto prostaglandin F ( 1α ) ( 6-keto-PGF ( 1α ) ) levels in the blood , reduced the pathological damage of vascular endothelial cells , decreased intercellular adhesion molecule-1 ( ICAM-1 ) protein expression in the thoracic aorta , and upregulated mRNA expression of hepatic low density lipoprotein receptor ( LDLR ) and scavenger receptor B1 ( SR-B1 ) . 
These findings indicate that Mate tea administration might have a regulatory effect on blood fat and endothelial function in hyperlipidemia rats . 
The mechanism may involve protecting vascular endothelial cell function and upregulating the expression of LDLR and SR-B1 genes , thereby inhibiting the occurrence of atherosclerosis . We discovered new structural diversity to a prevalent , yet medicinally underappreciated , cyanobacterial protease inhibitor scaffold and undertook comprehensive protease profiling to reveal potent and selective elastase inhibition . 
Structure-activity relationship ( SAR ) studies and X-ray cocrystal structure analysis allowed a detailed assessment of critical and tunable structural elements . 
To realize the therapeutic potential of these cyclodepsipeptides , we probed the cellular effects of a novel and representative family member , symplostatin 5 ( 1 ) , which attenuated the downstream cellular effects of elastase in an epithelial lung airway model system , alleviating clinical hallmarks of chronic pulmonary diseases such as cell death , cell detachment , and inflammation . 
This compound attenuated the effects of elastase on receptor activation , proteolytic processing of the adhesion protein ICAM-1 , NF-κB activation , and transcriptomic changes , including the expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines IL1A , IL1B , and IL8 . 
Compound 1 exhibited activity comparable to the clinically approved elastase inhibitor sivelestat in short-term assays and demonstrated superior sustained activity in longer-term assays . Lipid specific activation of the murine P4-ATPase Atp8a1 ( ATPase II ) . Angiotensin II type 1 receptor antagonists ( ARBs ) have become an important drug class in the treatment of hypertension and heart failure and the protection from diabetic nephropathy . 
Eight ARBs are clinically available [ azilsartan , candesartan , eprosartan , irbesartan , losartan , olmesartan , telmisartan , valsartan ] . 
Azilsartan ( in some countries ) , candesartan , and olmesartan are orally administered as prodrugs , whereas the blocking action of some is mediated through active metabolites . 
On the basis of their chemical structures , ARBs use different binding pockets in the receptor , which are associated with differences in dissociation times and , in most cases , apparently insurmountable antagonism . 
The physicochemical differences between ARBs also manifest in different tissue penetration , including passage through the blood-brain barrier . 
Differences in binding mode and tissue penetration are also associated with differences in pharmacokinetic profile , particularly duration of action . 
Although generally highly specific for angiotensin II type 1 receptors , some ARBs , particularly telmisartan , are partial agonists at peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ . 
All of these properties are comprehensively reviewed in this article . 
Although there is general consensus that a continuous receptor blockade over a 24-hour period is desirable , the clinical relevance of other pharmacological differences between individual ARBs remains to be assessed . Confocal immunolocalization of bovine serum albumin , serum retinol-binding protein , and interphotoreceptor retinoid-binding protein in bovine retina . Crystal structure of the IL-2 signaling complex : paradigm for a heterotrimeric cytokine receptor . Production of prostaglandin E ( 2 ) ( PGE ( 2 ) ) is enhanced during inflammation , and this lipid mediator can dramatically modulate immune responses . 
There are four receptors for PGE ( 2 ) ( EP1-EP4 ) with unique patterns of expression and different coupling to intracellular signaling pathways . 
To identify the EP receptors that regulate cellular immune responses , we used mouse lines in which the genes encoding each of the four EP receptors were disrupted by gene targeting . 
Using the mixed lymphocyte response ( MLR ) as a model cellular immune response , we confirmed that PGE ( 2 ) has potent antiproliferative effects on wild-type responder cells . 
The absence of either the EP1 or EP3 receptors did not alter the inhibitory response to PGE ( 2 ) in the MLR . 
In contrast , when responder cells lacked the EP2 receptor , PGE ( 2 ) had little effect on proliferation . 
Modest resistance to PGE ( 2 ) was also observed in EP4- / - responder cells . 
Reconstitution experiments suggest that EP2 receptors primarily inhibit the MLR through direct actions on T cells . 
Furthermore , PGE ( 2 ) modulates macrophage function by activating the EP4 receptor and thereby inhibiting cytokine release . 
Thus , PGE ( 2 ) regulates cellular immune responses through distinct EP receptors on different immune cell populations : EP2 receptors directly inhibit T cell proliferation while EP2 and EP4 receptors regulate antigen presenting cells functions . Association with the cholinergic precursor choline alphoscerate and the cholinesterase inhibitor rivastigmine : an approach for enhancing cholinergic neurotransmission . Radioresistance is considered as a main factor restricting efficacy of radiotherapy . 
However , the exact molecular mechanism of radioresistance has not been explained yet . 
In this study , to elucidate radioresistance mechanism in lung cancer , we compared radiation responses in two types of non-small cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) cells with different radiosensitivity and identified key molecules conferring radioresistance . 
In radioresistant NSCLC cells , ionizing radiation ( IR ) led to casein kinase 2α ( CK2α ) - and PKC-mediated phosphorylation of rpS3 and TRAF2 , respectively , which induced dissociation of rpS3-TRAF2 complex and NF-κB activation , resulting in significant up-regulation of prosurvival genes ( cIAP1 , cIAP2 , and survivin ) . 
Also , dissociated phospho-rpS3 translocated into nucleus and bound with NF-κB complex ( p65 and p50 ) , contributing to p65 DNA binding property and specificity . 
However , in radiosensitive NSCLC cells , IR-mediated rpS3 phosphorylation was not detected due to the absence of CK2α overexpression . 
Consequently , IR-induced rpS3-TRAF2 complex dissociation , NF-κB activation , and prosurvival gene expression were not presented . 
Taken together , our findings revealed a novel radioresistance mechanism through functional orchestration of rpS3 , TRAF2 , and NF-κB in NSCLC cells . 
Moreover , we provided the first evidence for the function of rpS3 as a new TRAF2-binding protein and demonstrated that phosphorylation of both rpS3 and TRAF2 is a key control point of radioresistance in NSCLC cells . 
These results suggest that regulation of rpS3 and TRAF2 in combination with radiotherapy could have high pharmacological therapeutic potency for radioresistance of NSCLC . Iron overload is a risk factor for diabetes . 
The link between iron and diabetes was first recognized in pathologic conditions-hereditary hemochromatosis and thalassemia-but high levels of dietary iron also impart diabetes risk . 
Iron plays a direct and causal role in diabetes pathogenesis mediated both by β cell failure and insulin resistance . 
Iron also regulates metabolism in most tissues involved in fuel homeostasis , with the adipocyte in particular serving an iron-sensing role . 
The underlying molecular mechanisms mediating these effects are numerous and incompletely understood but include oxidant stress and modulation of adipokines and intracellular signal transduction pathways . Phentermine produces a spectrum of concentration-dependent biochemical effects . 
It interacts with NE transporters at 0 . 1 microM , DA transporters at about 1 microM , 5-HT transporters at 15 microM and MAO-A at about 100 microM . 
When administered at typical anorectic doses , phentermine primarily interacts with DA and NE transporters and does not produce biochemical or neurochemical effects which would occur if it were inhibiting MAO-A . 
Some other explanation other than MAO inhibition must be sought to explain how oral phentermine increases platelet 5-HT , since platelet MAO-B does not metabolize platelet 5-HT , and since amphetamine-type drugs are even weaker inhibitors of MAO-B than MAO-A . 
Clinical studies in humans have shown that amphetamine , which is a more potent inhibitor of MAO-A than phentermine , does not inhibit MAO-A at therapeutic doses . 
Neither phentermine alone , fluoxetine alone or their combined use have been associated with cardiac valvulopathy , and clinical experience has shown their combined use to be free of significant adverse effects . 
Viewed collectively , there appears to be no data to support the hypothesis that phentermine inhibits MAO at typical therapeutic doses . BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE : Most patients with cancer die not because of the tumour in the primary site , but because it has spread to other sites . 
Common tumours , such as breast , multiple myeloma , and prostate tumours , frequently metastasize to the bone . 
To search for an inhibitor of cancer-induced bone loss , we investigated the effect of thiocolchicoside , a semi-synthetic colchicoside derived from the plant Gloriosa superba and clinically used as a muscle relaxant , on osteoclastogenesis induced by receptor activator of NF-kappaB ligand ( RANKL ) and tumour cells . 
EXPERIMENTAL APPROACH : We used RAW 264 . 7 ( murine macrophage ) cells , a well-established system for osteoclastogenesis , and evaluated the effect of thiocolchicoside on RANKL-induced NF-kappaB signalling and osteoclastogenesis as well as on osteoclastogenesis induced by tumour cells . 
KEY RESULTS : Thiocolchicoside suppressed osteoclastogenesis induced by RANKL , and by breast cancer and multiple myeloma cells . 
Inhibition of the NF-kappaB pathway was responsible for this effect since the colchicoside inhibited RANKL-induced NF-kappaB activation , activation of IkappaB kinase ( IKK ) and suppressed inhibitor of NF-kappaBalpha ( IkappaBalpha ) phosphorylation and degradation , an inhibitor of NF-kappaB . 
Furthermore , an inhibitor of the IkappaBalpha kinase gamma or NF-kappaB essential modulator , the regulatory component of the IKK complex , demonstrated that the NF-kappaB signalling pathway is mandatory for osteoclastogenesis induced by RANKL . 
CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS : Together , these data suggest that thiocolchicoside significantly suppressed osteoclastogenesis induced by RANKL and tumour cells via the NF-kappaB signalling pathway . 
Thus , thiocolchicoside , a drug that has been used for almost half a century to treat muscle pain , may also be considered as a new treatment for bone loss . The present study was to evaluate the cholesterol-lowering effect of two novel plant stanol derivatives and its potential molecular mechanism in hyper-cholesterol mice induced by a high-cholesterol diet . 
Results showed that oral administration of plant stanyl hemisuccinate ( 2× , 5× ) and plant stanyl sorbitol succinate ( 2× , 5× ) effectively attenuated the serum total cholesterol and low density lipoprotein cholesterol levels , while had no effect on the serum triacylglycerol and high density lipoprotein cholesterol . 
And plant stanol derivatives decreased liver cholesterol concentration and increased faecal cholesterol output . 
Meanwhile , both plant stanyl hemisuccinate and plant stanyl sorbitol succinate could remarkably promote liver X receptor alpha ( LXRα ) expression , and increased cholesterol 7α-hydroxylase ( CYP7A1 ) expression and faecal total bile acid output to varying degrees . 
These results suggested two novel plant stanol derivatives possessed hypocholesterolemic effect , and the cholesterol-lowering action of plant stanol derivatives may be through activating the potential LXRα-CYP7A1-bile acid excretion pathway . Discovery of a novel phenylethyl benzamide glucokinase activator for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus . Hepatic stellate cells ( HSC ) play an essential role in fibrogenesis . 
Many stimuli cause HSC to activate , lose their Vitamin A and produce collagen . 
It is unclear whether Vitamin A loss causes activation , potentiates it or is simply an event in the cascade of activation changes . 
We determine if exogenous retinoids prevent the activation of freshly isolated rat HSC activated by plating on plastic . 
We also determine if retinoids : ( 1 ) reverse HSC activation; ( 2 ) maintain / restore HSC intracellular retinoid levels; ( 3 ) maintain expression of HSC nuclear receptors for retinoic acid ( RAR ) in HSC that are becoming activated or are chronically activated . 
Markers of activation in freshly isolated HSC were decreased by either retinol or retinoic acid without increases in HSC retinoid concentration . 
mRNA levels for RAR-alpha , RAR-beta and RAR-gamma , the nuclear receptors for retinoic acid , decreased during activation of freshly isolated HSC even with retinoid supplementation . 
RAR-alpha , RAR-beta and RAR-gamma mRNA and RAR-beta protein was undetectable in chronically activated HSC and remained absent after retinoic acid supplementation . 
Activation markers in chronically activated HSC were only slightly decreased after retinoid exposure . 
We conclude that exposure of HSC to extracellular retinoids diminishes some markers of activation but does not prevent HSC activation . Molecular mechanism aspect of ER stress in Alzheimer's disease : current approaches and future strategies . Nitric oxide synthase expression in the opossum superior colliculus : a histochemical , immunohistochemical and biochemical study . A step toward the reactivation of aged cholinesterases - Crystal structure of ligands binding to aged human butyrylcholinesterase . Oxidative stress-related factors in Bartter's and Gitelman's syndromes : relevance for angiotensin II signalling . [ Brugada syndrome ] . Ochratoxin A ( OTA ) is a mycotoxin and extrolite of fungi which has been reported in a range of foods . 
This study uses mammalian reporter gene assays ( RGAs ) with natural steroid receptors and the H295R steroidogenesis assay to assess the endocrine disrupting activity of OTA . 
At the receptor level , OTA ( within a concentration range of 0 . 25-2500 ng / ml ) did not induce an agonistic response in an oestrogen , androgen , progestagen or glucocorticoid RGA . 
An antagonistic effect was observed in all of the RGAs at the highest concentration tested ( 2500 ng / ml ) . 
However , while there was no significant cytotoxic effect observed in the MTT ( thiazolyl blue tetrazolium bromide ) cell viability assay at this concentration , there was a corresponding change in cell morphology which may be related to the resulting antagonistic effect . 
At the hormone production level , H295R cells were used as a steroidogenesis model and exposed to OTA ( within a concentration range of 0 . 1-1000 ng / ml ) . 
Treatment of the cells with 1000 ng / ml OTA increased the production of estradiol ( 117±14 ng / ml ) over 3 times that of the solvent control ( 36±9 pg / ml ) . 
Western blotting confirmed an increase in aromatase protein . 
Overall the results indicate that OTA does not appear to interact with steroid receptors but has the potential to cause endocrine disruption by interfering with steroidogenesis . 
This is the first study identifying the effect OTA may have on production of the steroid hormone estradiol . Mutations within the human GLYT2 ( SLC6A5 ) gene associated with hyperekplexia . Breast tumorigenesis is a continuum from preinvasive lesions to early breast cancer and advanced disease . 
In this article the data supporting the use of the aromatase inhibitor anastrozole in postmenopausal women across this continuum are reviewed . 
In advanced disease , anastrozole has a significant survival benefit and tolerability advantage compared with megestrol acetate when used as second-line treatment . 
As first-line therapy , anastrozole significantly prolongs time to progression compared with tamoxifen in women with hormone receptor-positive ( HR + ) disease . 
In the adjuvant setting , anastrozole has superior efficacy and tolerability compared with tamoxifen in newly diagnosed patients and those who have already received 2-3 years' prior adjuvant tamoxifen . 
Therefore , anastrozole should be considered a preferred treatment option for postmenopausal women with HR + early breast cancer . 
Furthermore , anastrozole has preoperative efficacy in HR + large or locally advanced tumors . 
Finally , anastrozole substantially reduces the incidence of contralateral breast cancer compared with tamoxifen in women with HR + early breast cancer and , therefore , is a potential chemopreventive agent . 
Anastrozole is thus positioned to become the standard care for postmenopausal women with HR + disease across the whole breast cancer continuum . 
Additional data from ongoing studies will further clarify the role of anastrozole across the continuum and answer outstanding questions regarding the optimal timing and duration of treatment . Neuroendocrine tumors are very heterogeneous , develop from a variety of tissues , and can be difficult to diagnose . 
Without the clinical manifestation of metastases , it is often difficult to characterize them as malignant . 
Even so-called completely ( R0 ) resected tumors can spread clinically visible metastases within a few months after initial surgery . 
Treatment options for neuroendocrine tumors including pheochromocytoma are limited . 
Molecular targeted therapies using tyrosine kinase inhibitors might prove to be helpful in patients with these tumors . 
In an immunohistochemical study , we examined KIT in 26 pheochromocytomas , 8 of which were malignant ( 3 adrenal pheochromocytomas , 5 paragangliomas ) . 
KIT expression was found in one of these 8 malignant tumors . 
This 2 . 5-cm-large adrenal pheochromocytoma originated from a woman with neurofibromatosis type 1 and spread into spine , skull , and lung . 
KIT expression could be demonstrated in 5% of tumor cells . 
On the basis of KIT expression immunohistochemically , we treated patients with neuroendocrine ( i . 
e . 
, medullary thyroid cancer ) and other tumors with imatinib 400 mg per day , but without efficacy after 2 months of therapy . 
Similar results were shown by other investigators . 
Therefore , monotherapy with imatinib may not be efficacious in patients with neuroendocrine tumors that express KIT . 
Tyrosine kinase inhibitors such as sorafenib that targets several receptors in addition to KIT may be more efficacious in treating patients with neuroendocrine tumors . In experimental animals and humans , the concentration of serum mevalonate ( MVA ) , a direct product of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A ( HMG-CoA ) reductase , is considered to reflect the activity of whole-body sterol synthesis . 
The relationship between the concentration of serum MVA and the activity of sterol synthesis in tissues , however , has not been fully clarified . 
In the present study , we examined MVA metabolism by using pravastatin , a liver-selective inhibitor of HMG-CoA reductase , and common marmosets , a good model animal for studying lipid metabolism . 
In the time course study , the maximal reduction in the concentration of serum MVA was observed 2 h after a single oral administration of 30 mg / kg pravastatin to common marmosets . 
We , therefore , examined the relationship between the concentrations of serum and hepatic MVA , and sterol synthesis in some tissues at this time point . 
Sterol synthesis was determined ex vivo in tissue slices by measuring the incorporation of [ 14C ] acetate into digitonin-precipitable [ 14C ] sterols . 
Pravastatin at 0 . 03-30 mg / kg reduced dose-dependently the activity of hepatic sterol synthesis , whereas no significant reduction of sterol synthesis was observed in other tissues such as intestine , kidney , testis and spleen , even with the highest dose ( 30 mg / kg ) . 
The liver-specific inhibition of sterol synthesis caused parallel reductions in the concentrations of both serum and liver MVA . 
In addition , there were good correlations between the concentration of either serum or hepatic MVA and the activity of hepatic sterol synthesis . 
These data indicate that the major origin of serum MVA is the liver , and that the concentration of serum MVA reflects the concentration of hepatic MVA and the activity of hepatic sterol synthesis 2 h after a single oral administration of pravastatin in common marmosets . Pharmacological approaches directed toward Alzheimer disease are diversifying in parallel with a growing number of promising targets . 
Investigations on the microtubule-associated protein tau yielded innovative targets backed by recent findings about the central role of tau in numerous neurodegenerative diseases . 
In this review , we summarize the recent evolution in the development of nonpeptidic small molecules tau aggregation inhibitors ( TAGIs ) and their advancement toward clinical trials . 
The compounds are classified according to their chemical structures , providing correlative insights into their pharmacology . 
Overall , shared structure-activity traits are emerging , as well as specific binding modes related to their ability to engage in hydrogen bonding . 
Medicinal chemistry efforts on TAGIs together with encouraging in vivo data argue for successful translation to the clinic . 10-Formyltetrahydrofolate dehydrogenase has previously been identified as a tight binding protein of the polyglutamate forms of tetrahydrofolate ( R . 
J . 
Cook and C . 
Wagner , Biochemistry 21 , 4427-4434 , 1982 ) . 
Each subunit contains two independently folded domains connected by a linking peptide . 
By using the stable substrate and product analogs 10-formyl 5 , 8-dideazafolate and 5 , 8-dideazafolate , respectively , we have determined that the tight binding folate site is separate from the catalytic site and that it is located on the N-terminal domain of the protein . 
This was achieved by cross-linking 10-formyl 5 , 8-dideazafolate to the dehydrogenase through the carboxyl group of the substrate analog . 
The cross-linked substrate analog was converted to the cross-linked product complex by adding either NADP + or 2-mercaptoethanol , proving that the 10-formyl 5 , 8-dideazafolate was bound at the active site . 
With the active site cross-linked to 5 , 8-dideazafolate and not available for binding , the enzyme still bound 5 , 8-dideazafolate- [ 3H ] tetraglutamate tightly but noncovalently . 
Separation of the large and small domains by limited proteolysis showed that the tightly bound 5 , 8-dideazafolate- [ 3H ] tetraglutamate was located on the small domain . 
The location of the cross-linked 10-formyl 5 , 8-dideazafolate at the active site was determined by amino acid sequencing of an isolated tryptic peptide . Acetohydroxyacid synthase ( AHAS ) inhibitors interfere with branched-chain amino acid biosynthesis by inhibiting AHAS . 
Glyphosate affects aromatic amino acid biosynthesis by inhibiting 5-enolpyruvylshikimate-3-phosphate synthase ( EPSPS ) . 
Glufosinate inhibits glutamine synthetase and blocks biosynthesis of glutamine . 
AHAS gene variants that confer tolerance to AHAS inhibitors have been discovered in plants through selection or mutagenesis . 
Imidazolinone-tolerant crops have been commercialized based on these AHAS gene variants . 
A modified maize EPSPS gene and CP4-EPSPS gene from Agrobacterium sp . 
have been used to transform plants for target-based tolerance to glyphosate . 
A gox gene isolated from Ochrobactrum anthropi has also been employed to encode glyphosate oxidoreductase to detoxify glyphosate in plants . 
Glyphosate-tolerant crops with EPSPS transgene alone or both EPSPS and gox transgenes have been commercialized . 
Similarly , bar and pat genes isolated from Streptomyces hygroscopicus and S . 
viridochromogenes , respectively , have been inserted into plants to encode phosphinothricin N-acetyltransferase to detoxify glufosinate . 
Glufosinate-tolerant crops have been commercialized using one of these two transgenes . SOM230 : a novel somatostatin peptidomimetic with broad somatotropin release inhibiting factor ( SRIF ) receptor binding and a unique antisecretory profile . Catalytic properties of mouse carbonic anhydrase V . Inhibition of EGF / EGFR activation with naphtho [ 1 , 2-b ] furan-4 , 5-dione blocks migration and invasion of MDA-MB-231 cells . Four prenylflavonoids , kurarinone ( 1 ) , a chalcone of 1 , kuraridin ( 2 ) , kurarinol ( 3 ) , kushenol H ( 4 ) and kushenol K ( 5 ) isolated from the roots of Sophora flavescens were investigated for their inhibitory effects on diacylglycerol acyltransferase ( DGAT ) . 
The flavonoids inhibited DGAT activity in a dose-dependent manner with IC50 values of 10 . 9 microM ( 1 ) , 9 . 8 microM ( 2 ) , 8 . 6 microM ( 3 ) , 142 . 0 microM ( 4 ) and 250 microM ( 5 ) . 
The prenylflavonoids without C3-OH ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) showed stronger inhibition than those with C3-OH ( 4 , 5 ) . 
On the other hand , flavonoids without side chains ( hesperetin , naringenin , quercetin and kaempferol ) did not inhibit the enzyme activity at a final concentration of 800 microM . 
These data suggest that the lavandulyl side chain and the position of the hydroxy group are important for high DGAT inhibitory activity . 
Compound 1 also inhibited de novo synthesis of triacylglycerol ( TG ) in Raji cells . BACKGROUND AND RATIONALE : We previously found that the intronic norepinephrine transporter gene ( SLC6A2 ) polymorphism rs36017 modulates feelings of elation after administration of 20 mg D-amphetamine in healthy volunteers . 
OBJECTIVES : In this study , we further investigated the association between D-amphetamine response and 11 SLC6A2 single-nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNPs ) , including rs36017 , in an extended sample of Caucasian young adults . 
METHODS : One hundred fifty-nine healthy volunteers participated in a three-session double-blind crossover design receiving either placebo or oral D-amphetamine ( 10 and 20 mg ) . 
Based on our previous results , we examined the associations between levels of self-reported elation and vigor after D-amphetamine administration and SNPs and SNP haplotypes in SLC6A2 . 
RESULTS : Consistent with our previous findings , SNPs rs36017 and rs1861647 were associated with significantly higher ratings of elation and vigor after 20 mg Damphetamine . 
Ratings of vigor after 20 mg D-amphetamine were also associated with a two-SNP haplotype formed with rs1861647 and rs5569 and a three-SNP haplotype formed with rs36017 , rs10521329 , and rs3785155 . 
CONCLUSIONS : These results provide further evidence that genetic variants in the SLC6A2 gene are involved in acute response to D-amphetamine , which may influence progression to amphetamine abuse . 
Identifying sources of variation in acute drug responses could lead to better prevention and treatment of psychostimulant abuse and may be valuable in the therapeutic use of stimulants . OBJECTIVES : Vasoconstrictor prostanoids have been implicated in abnormal vasomotion in atherosclerosis and hypertension . 
METHOD : Using lean and diet-induced obese mice , we investigated whether obesity affects vascular function or expression of genes involved in prostanoid action . 
RESULTS : In lean C57BL / 6J mice , at high concentrations acetylcholine caused endothelium-dependent contractions in the carotid artery but not in the aorta . 
Endothelium-dependent contractions to acetylcholine were blocked by the non-selective cyclooxygenase ( COX ) inhibitors indomethacin and meclofenamate , or a prostaglandin H2 / thromboxane A2 receptor antagonist , but not by inhibitors of COX-2 , thromboxane synthase or cytochrome P450 monooxygenase . 
Obesity increased endothelium-dependent contractions to acetylcholine in the carotid artery , and prostanoid-mediated vasoconstriction was now present in the aorta . 
Similarly , contractions to endothelin-1 were largely blocked by meclofenamate and were increased in the aorta of obese mice . 
Real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction analysis of the thromboxane receptor gene in the carotid artery revealed a robust upregulation in obese animals ( 18-fold , 0 . 05 ) ; in comparison , obesity had a less pronounced effect on thromboxane synthase ( 2 . 1-fold increase , 0 . 05 ) , or preproendothelin-1 gene expression ( 4 . 2-fold increase , 0 . 05 ) . 
CONCLUSIONS : These data demonstrate that obesity augments prostanoid-dependent vasoconstriction and markedly increases vascular thromboxane receptor gene expression . 
These changes are likely to promote the development of vascular disease , hypertension and thrombosis associated with obesity . Effect of chronic ethanol treatment on μ-opioid receptor function , interacting proteins and morphine-induced place preference . In this study , the stabilization effects of three polymers on four model drugs ( felodipine , fenofibrate , carbamazepine , and celecoxib ) under saturated humidity were investigated . 
Three different types of thin films ( solid dispersions , drug films with a polymer film coating and drug films laid on top of polymer coated surfaces ) were prepared and compared with films containing the drug alone . 
ATR-FTIR spectroscopy , polarised light microscopy ( PLM ) , scanning electron microscopy ( SEM ) and nano-thermal analysis ( nano-TA ) were performed on the model systems after storage under saturated humidity . 
The recrystallisation tendency of the drug in the drug containing thin films was found to be strongly related to the intrinsic crystallization tendency of the drug film alone and the strength of drug-polymer interactions . 
Additionally , under high humidity , the glass transition temperature of the polymer is no longer an indicator of its drug stabilization capability . 
Instead , it is the hygroscobicity of the polymer that appears to be the most important parameter . 
Amongst the polymers tested in this study , EUDRAGIT E PO was found to have the greatest inhibitory effect on crystallization , whilst PVP K30 was found to have the least protective effect; presumably because of its hygroscopic nature . Evidence exists that mu analgesics such as morphine , methadone and fentanyl may act through distinct mu opioid receptor mechanisms . 
It has been proposed that the functional diversity of mu opioid receptors may be related to alternative splicing of the Oprm gene . 
Although a number of mu opioid receptor mRNA splice variants have been reported , their biological relevance has been controversial , due in part to their very low abundance and a general lack of validation from independent laboratories . 
We have identified 11 of 17 proposed exons as well as the majority of exon combinations used to make 21 differentially spliced Oprm mRNAs from mouse whole brain cDNA , using polymerase chain reaction ( PCR ) conditions different from those used by the single other group that has reported multiple splice forms . 
Alternative splicing was shown to occur at both the 5' and 3' termini . 
Moreover , verification of a short variant , containing exons 1 and 4 only , suggests that splicing also occurs directly between 5' and 3' exons . 
Notably , a novel splice variant , MOR-1T , demonstrates for the first time that exon 4 can be used in combination with further downstream exons to make the 3'-end of MOR-1 splice variants . 
The putative protein encoded by MOR-1T is predicted to be identical to that of MOR-1 , implying that the MOR-1 protein can be generated from at least five differentially spliced mRNAs . 
Our results support the view that the Oprm gene undergoes extensive alternative splicing , as a likely major contributor to the diversity of mu opioid receptors . Discovery of novel 2-hydroxydiarylamide derivatives as TMPRSS4 inhibitors . Inhibition of glycogen synthase kinase-3 ameliorates β-amyloid pathology and restores lysosomal acidification and mammalian target of rapamycin activity in the Alzheimer disease mouse model : in vivo and in vitro studies . PURPOSE : To compare phenelzine ( PLZ ) , an antidepressant drug with anxiolytic properties which inhibits monoamine oxidase ( MAO ) but also elevates rat brain levels of the amino acids ?-aminobutyric acid ( GABA ) and alanine ( ALA ) , with vigabatrin ( VIG ) , an anticonvulsant which elevates brain GABA by inhibition of GABA transaminase ( GABA-T ) , with regard to their actions on brain levels of GABA and ALA and on activities of MAO , GABA-T and ALA transaminase ( ALA-T ) . 
METHODS : Male rats were administered PLZ ( 10 mg / kg ) or VIG ( 1 , 000 mg / kg ) i . 
p . 
, and the rats were euthanized 4 hours later and the brains removed for analysis of levels of GABA and ALA ( by electron capture gas chromatography after derivatization ) and activities of MAO , GABA-T and ALA-T ( radiochemical assays ) . 
RESULTS : Both PLZ and VIG inhibited GABA-T and elevated GABA levels . 
Only PLZ inhibited MAO and ALA-T and elevated ALA levels . 
The effects of PLZ on both amino acids and their transaminases were blocked by pre-treatment with the MAO inhibitor tranylcypromine . 
This pretreament had no effect on the inhibition of GABA-T or the elevation of brain GABA levels produced by VIG . 
CONCLUSIONS : At the doses studied , PLZ was as effective as VIG at elevating brain GABA levels , but , unlike VIG , also inhibited MAO and ALA-T ( and increased brain ALA levels ) . 
Pretreatment of rats with the MAO inhibitor tranylcypromine prevented the increase in brain GABA and ALA levels with PLZ , but did not block the effect of VIG on GABA . 
These observations with tranylcypromine and PLZ support the hypothesis that an active metabolite of PLZ produced by the actions of MAO on this drug plays a major role in its GABA- and ALA-elevating actions . Tris ( 1-chloro-2-propyl ) phosphate ( TCPP ) and tris ( 1 , 3-dichloro-2-propyl ) phosphate ( TDCPP ) are organic flame retardants detected in the environment and biota for which toxicological data for avian species are limited . 
In this study , domestic chicken eggs were injected with TCPP or TDCPP ( maximum dose = 51600 and 45000 ng / g egg , respectively ) to determine dose-dependent effects on pipping success , development , hepatic messenger RNA ( mRNA ) expression levels of genes associated with xenobiotic metabolism and the thyroid hormone ( TH ) pathway , and TH levels following 20-22 days of incubation . 
Neither compound reduced pipping success; however , TCPP significantly delayed pipping at 9240 and 51600 ng / g and reduced tarsus length at 51600 ng / g . 
TDCPP exposure resulted in significant decreases in head plus bill length , embryo mass and gallbladder size at 45000 ng / g and reduced plasma free T4 levels at 7640 ng / g . 
Type I deiodinase , liver fatty-acid binding protein and cytochrome P450 ( CYP ) 3A37 mRNA levels were significantly induced by TCPP , while TDCPP induced CYP3A37 and CYP2H1 . 
Chemical analysis of egg contents at incubation days 0 , 5 , 11 , 18 , and 19 revealed that >92% of the injected TCPP or TDCPP concentration was detectable up to day 5; however , <1% was detected by day 19 . 
The observed phenotypic responses to TCPP and TDCPP exposure may be associated with disruption of the TH-axis , which is critical for normal growth and development in birds . 
The effects of TDCPP on the gallbladder indicate that the disturbance of lipid metabolism is a likely target in its mechanism of toxicity . The hippocampus is comprised of two distinct subfields that show different responses to hypoxic-ischemic brain injury : the CA1 region is particularly susceptible whereas the dentate gyrus ( DG ) is quite resistant . 
Our aim was to determine the synaptic and proliferative response of the DG to severe oxygen and glucose deprivation ( OGD ) in acute rat hippocampal slices and to investigate the contribution of A ( 2A ) adenosine receptor antagonism to recovery of synaptic activity after OGD . 
Extracellular recordings of field excitatory post-synaptic potentials ( fEPSPs ) in granule cells of the DG in brain slices prepared from male Wistar rats were used . 
A 9-min OGD is needed in the DG to always induce the appearance of anoxic depolarization ( AD ) and the irreversible block of synaptic activity , as recorded up to 24 h from the end of the insult , whereas only 7-min OGD is required in the CA1 region . 
Selective antagonism of A ( 2A ) adenosine receptors by ZM241385 significantly prevents or delays the appearance of AD and protects from the irreversible block of neurotransmission induced by 9-min OGD in the DG . 
The effects of 9-min OGD on proliferation and maturation of cells localized in the subgranular zone of DG in slices prepared from 5-bromo-2'-deoxyuridine ( BrdU ) treated rats was investigated . 
Slices were further incubated with an immature neuronal marker , doublecortin ( DCX ) . 
The number of BrdU ( + ) cells was significantly decreased 6 h after 9-min OGD and this effect was antagonized by ZM241385 . 
After 24 h from the end of 9-min OGD , the number of BrdU ( + ) cells returned to that found before OGD and increased arborization of tertiary dendrites of DCX ( + ) cells was observed . 
The adenosine A ( 2A ) antagonist ZM241385 protects from synaptic failure and from decreased proliferation of immature neuronal cells at a precocious time after OGD . Here , we report for the first time in vitro reconstitution of the respiratory supercomplexes from individual complexes III and IV . 
Complexes III and IV were purified from Saccharomyces cerevisiae mitochondria . 
Complex III contained eight molecules of cardiolipin , and complex IV contained two molecules of cardiolipin , as determined by electrospray ionization-mass spectrometry . 
Complex IV also contained Rcf1p . 
No supercomplexes were formed upon mixing of the purified complexes , and low amounts of the supercomplex trimer III ( 2 ) IV ( 1 ) were formed after reconstitution into proteoliposomes containing only phosphatidylcholine and phosphatidylethanolamine . 
Further addition of cardiolipin to the proteoliposome reconstitution mixture resulted in distinct formation of both the III ( 2 ) IV ( 1 ) supercomplex trimer and III ( 2 ) IV ( 2 ) supercomplex tetramer . 
No other anionic phospholipid was as effective as cardiolipin in supporting tetramer formation . 
Phospholipase treatment of complex IV prevented trimer formation in the absence of cardiolipin . 
Both trimer and tetramer formations were restored by cardiolipin . 
Analysis of the reconstituted tetramer by single particle electron microscopy confirmed native organization of individual complexes within the supercomplex . 
In conclusion , although some trimer formation occurred dependent only on tightly bound cardiolipin , tetramer formation required additional cardiolipin . 
This is consistent with the high cardiolipin content in the native tetramer . 
The dependence on cardiolipin for supercomplex formation suggests that changes in cardiolipin levels resulting from changes in physiological conditions may control the equilibrium between individual respiratory complexes and supercomplexes in vivo . Lead is a heavy metal widely distributed in the environment . 
Lead is a ubiquitous environmental toxin that is capable of causing numerous acute and chronic illnesses . 
Human and animal exposure demonstrates that lead is nephrotoxic . 
However , attempts to reduce lead-induced nephrotoxicity were not found suitable for clinical use . 
Recently , flaxseed oil ( FXO ) , a rich source of ω-3 fatty acids and lignans , has been shown to prevent / reduce the progression of certain types of cardiovascular and renal disorders . 
In view of this , the present study investigates the protective effect of FXO on lead acetate ( PbAc ) -induced renal damage . 
Rats were pre-fed normal diet and the diet rich in FXO for 14 days , and then , four doses of lead acetate ( 25 mg / kg body weight ) were administered intraperitoneally while still on diet . 
Various serum parameters , enzymes of carbohydrate metabolism , brush border membrane ( BBM ) , and oxidative stress were analyzed in rat kidney . 
PbAc nephrotoxicity was characterized by increased serum creatinine and blood urea nitrogen . 
PbAc increased the activities of lactate dehydrogenase and NADP-malic enzyme , whereas it decreased malate and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase , glucose-6-phosphatase , fructose-1 , 6-bisphosphatase , and BBM enzyme activities . 
PbAc caused oxidant / antioxidant imbalances as reflected by increased lipid peroxidation and decreased activities of superoxide dismutase , glutathione peroxidase , and catalase . 
In contrast , FXO alone enhanced the enzyme activities of carbohydrate metabolism , BBM , and antioxidant defense system . 
FXO feeding to PbAc-treated rats markedly enhanced resistance to PbAc-elicited deleterious effects . 
In conclusion , dietary FXO supplementation ameliorated PbAc-induced specific metabolic alterations and oxidative damage by empowering antioxidant defense mechanism and improving BBM integrity and energy metabolism . Alcohol intoxications during adolescence increase motivation for alcohol in adult rats and induce neuroadaptations in the nucleus accumbens . ISWI slides nucleosomes along DNA , enabling the structural changes of chromatin required for the regulated use of eukaryotic genomes . 
Prominent mechanistic models imply cooperation of the ISWI ATPase domain with a C-terminal DNA-binding function residing in the HAND-SANT-SLIDE ( HSS ) domain . 
Contrary to these models , we show by quantitative biochemical means that all fundamental aspects of nucleosome remodeling are contained within the compact ATPase module of Drosophila ISWI . 
This domain can independently associate with DNA and nucleosomes , which in turn activate ATP turnover by inducing a conformational change in the enzyme , and it can autonomously reposition nucleosomes . 
The role of the HSS domain is to increase the affinity and specificity for nucleosomes . 
Nucleosome-remodeling enzymes may thus have evolved directly from ancestral helicase-type motors , and peripheral domains have furnished regulatory capabilities that bias the remodeling reaction toward different structural outcomes . Cocaine- and amphetamine-regulated transcript ( CART ) is widely expressed in the rat central nervous system , notably in areas involved in control of autonomic and neuroendocrine functions . 
The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of CART peptide fragment 55-102 , referred to herein as CARTp , by intrathecal injection on blood pressure ( BP ) and heart rate ( HR ) before and after intrathecal glutamate in urethane-anesthetized male Sprague-Dawley rats . 
CARTp ( 0 . 1-10 nmol ) administered intrathecally caused no or a small , statistically insignificant increase of blood pressure and heart rate , except at the concentration of 10 nmol , which caused a significant increase of blood pressure and heart rate . 
Intrathecal glutamate ( 0 . 1-10 nmol ) produced a dose-dependent increase in arterial pressure and heart rate . 
Pretreatment with CARTp dose-dependently potentiated the pressor effects of glutamate ( 1 nmol ) , which by itself elicited a moderate increase of blood pressure and heart rate . 
Further , CARTp significantly potentiated the tachycardic effect of glutamate at 1 and 5 nmol , but attenuated the response at 10 nmol . 
The effect of CARTp was long-lasting , as it enhanced glutamatergic responses up to 90 min after administration . 
Prior injection of CARTp antiserum ( 1 : 500 ) but not normal rabbit serum nullified the potentiating effect of CARTp on glutamatergic responses . 
The result suggests that CARTp , whose immunoreactivity is detectable in sympathetic preganglionic neurons as well as in fibers projecting into the intermediolateral cell column , augments spinal sympathetic outflow elicited by glutamate at lower concentrations and may directly excite neurons in the intermediolateral cell column at higher concentrations . Role of apoptosis in acetaminophen hepatotoxicity . Thymidine kinase-1 ( TK-1 ) and thymidylate synthase ( TS ) are key enzymes for salvage and de novo pyrimidine synthesis , respectively . 
Numerous studies have suggested that increased TS levels are associated closely with resistance to fluoropyrimidine-based chemotherapy . 
TAS-102 is a novel drug containing trifluorothymidine , which is phosphorylated by TK-1 to its active monophosphated form , that in turn can inhibit TS . 
TAS-102 has been shown to exhibit antitumor activity in fluoropyrimidine-resistant human cancer cells . 
TAS-102 is currently undergoing clinical trials for use in gastrointestinal cancers . 
In the present study , we used immunohistochemistry to investigate the expression of TK-1 and TS in various types of cancer . 
TK-1 and TS expression was markedly different between cancer types . 
High TK-1 expression was detected prominently in gastrointestinal adenocarcinomas and esophageal and uterine squamous cell carcinomas . 
Gastrointestinal adenocarcinomas and squamous cell uterine carcinomas were often accompanied by high TS expression , indicating activation of pyrimidine synthesis through both the salvage and de novo pathways . 
These results led us to consider that TAS-102 may also be effective for esophageal and uterine squamous cell carcinomas , as well as for gastrointestinal adenocarcinomas , even in fluoropyrimidine-resistant cases with high TS expression . 
In contrast , thyroid papillary carcinomas , lung adenocarcinomas , hepatocellular carcinomas , pancreatic ductal carcinomas , and renal cell carcinomas , which exhibit low TK-1 expression , may be resistant to TAS-102 . 
In non-small cell lung cancers , high TK-1 expression was demonstrated in squamous cell carcinomas , but not in adenocarcinomas . 
This result suggests that TAS-102 efficacy and the pyrimidine synthetic pathway may differ depending on histological type . 
Our results indicate that administration of TAS-102 could be selected on the basis of the immunohistochemical evaluation of TK-1 and TS . The sirtuins SIRT1 , SIRT2 , and SIRT3 are NAD ( + ) dependent deacetylases that are considered potential targets for metabolic , inflammatory , oncologic , and neurodegenerative disorders . 
Encoded library technology ( ELT ) was used to affinity screen a 1 . 2 million heterocycle enriched library of DNA encoded small molecules , which identified pan-inhibitors of SIRT1 / 2 / 3 with nanomolar potency ( e . 
g . 
, 11c : IC50 = 3 . 6 , 2 . 7 , and 4 . 0 nM for SIRT1 , SIRT2 , and SIRT3 , respectively ) . 
Subsequent SAR studies to improve physiochemical properties identified the potent drug like analogues 28 and 31 . 
Crystallographic studies of 11c , 28 , and 31 bound in the SIRT3 active site revealed that the common carboxamide binds in the nicotinamide C-pocket and the aliphatic portions of the inhibitors extend through the substrate channel , explaining the observable SAR . 
These pan SIRT1 / 2 / 3 inhibitors , representing a novel chemotype , are significantly more potent than currently available inhibitors , which makes them valuable tools for sirtuin research . ( + / - ) -tamsulosin , an alpha 1A-adrenoceptor antagonist , inhibits the positive inotropic effect but not the accumulation of inositol phosphates in rabbit heart . The potential of Sutherlandia frutescens for herb-drug interaction . Topoisomerase 1 ( Top1 ) resolves transcription-associated supercoils by generating transient single-strand breaks in DNA . 
Top1 activity in yeast is a major source of transcription-associated mutagenesis , generating a distinctive mutation signature characterized by deletions in short , tandem repeats . 
A similar signature is associated with the persistence of ribonucleoside monophosphates ( rNMPs ) in DNA , and it also depends on Top1 activity . 
There is only partial overlap , however , between Top1-dependent deletion hotspots identified in highly transcribed DNA and those associated with rNMPs , suggesting the existence of both rNMP-dependent and rNMP-independent events . 
Here , we present genetic studies confirming that there are two distinct types of hotspots . 
Data suggest a novel model in which rNMP-dependent hotspots are generated by sequential Top1 reactions and are consistent with rNMP-independent hotspots reflecting processing of a trapped Top1 cleavage complex . Tumor Suppressor Protein p53 Negatively Regulates Human Pregnane X Receptor Activity . Adaptation to hypoxia and maintenance of O ( 2 ) homeostasis involve a wide range of responses that occur at different organizational levels in the body . 
One of the most important transcription factors that activate the expression of O ( 2 ) -regulated genes is hypoxia-inducible factor 1 ( HIF-1 ) . 
Nitric oxide ( NO ) mediates a variety of biological effects including relaxation of blood vessels and cytotoxicity of activated macrophages . 
We investigated the effect of the clinically used nitrates nitroglycerin ( NTG ) , isosorbide dinitrate ( ISDN ) , and sodium nitroprusside ( SNP ) on HIF-1-mediated transcriptional responses to hypoxia . 
We demonstrate that among the three nitrates , only SNP inhibits HIF-1 activation in response to hypoxia . 
In contrast , NTG or ISDN does not affect HIF-1 activity . 
SNP inhibits the accumulation of HIF-1alpha , the regulatory subunit of HIF-1 , and the transcriptional activation of HIF-1alpha via a mechanism that is not dependent on either NO or soluble guanylate cyclase . 3D Organotypic Cultures of Human HepaRG Cells : A Tool for In Vitro Toxicity Studies . Enzymes encoded by the glutathione S-tranferase mu 1 ( GSTM1 ) and pi 1 ( GSTP1 ) genes , which are expressed in breast tissue , catalyze the detoxification of endogenous and exogenous electrophiles . 
Reduced enzyme activity , due to carriage of the GSTM1 deletion or the GSTP1 Ile105Val Val allele , may therefore affect susceptibility to breast cancer and related conditions . 
In a case-control study of Chinese women , we examined whether these polymorphisms were associated with risk of breast cancer and fibrocystic breast conditions . 
Women diagnosed with breast cancer ( n = 615 ) or fibrocystic breast conditions ( n = 467 ) were compared to women without clinical breast disease ( n = 878 ) . 
We also examined whether these associations differed by menopausal status or by presence of proliferation in the extra-tumoral epithelium among women with breast cancer and in lesions among women with fibrocystic conditions . 
No overall association of either GST polymorphism with risk of breast cancer or fibrocystic breast conditions was observed . 
There was some evidence of slightly elevated cancer risk associated with carriage of the GSTM1 null genotype and at least one GSTP1 105-Val allele ( OR = 1 . 33 , 95% CI , 0 . 99-1 . 80 ) , compared to carriage of the GSTM1 non-null and GSTP1 Ile / Ile genotypes . 
This relationship was stronger in women who had breast cancer with extra-tumoral tissue proliferation ( OR = 1 . 77 , 95% CI , 1 . 03-3 . 04 ) . 
Our results suggest that GSTM1 and GSTP1 genotypes do not individually influence susceptibility to breast cancer or fibrocystic breast conditions . 
The observed increased risk of breast cancer associated with joint carriage of the GSTM1 null genotype and GSTP1 105-Val allele needs confirmation in other studies . Identification of the RLBP1 gene promoter . The human ether-a-go-go-related gene ( hERG ) is a K + channel protein mainly expressed in the heart and the nervous systems and its blockade by non-cardiovascular acting drugs resulted in tachycardia and sudden death . 
In this present review , we have focused the physicochemical properties responsible for the hERG blocking activity of structurally different compounds . 
The reported research works showed that the hydrophobicity on the van der Waals ( vdW ) surface of the molecules ( aroused from the aromatic ring ) necessary for the hERG blocking activity along with topological and electronic properties . 
The quinolizidine alkaloids ( natural products ) such as oxymatrine , sophoridine , sophocarpine and matrine carry the common molecular structure of O = C = N-C-C-C-N that possessed positive ionotropic effect and hERG blocking activity . 
Acehytisine hydrochloride ( previously named Guangfu base A ) was isolated from the root of Aconitum coreanum ( Levl . 
) , is an anti-arrhythmic drug in phase IV clinical trial . 
The isoquinoline alkaloid , neferine ( Nef ) induces a concentration-dependent decrease in current amplitude ( IC50 of 7 . 419 MM ) . 
Most of these natural product compounds contain non-flexible aromatic structures but have significant activity due to the presence of optimum hydrophobicity . 
Recent research works revealed that Eag and hERG channels are expressed by a variety of cancer cell lines and tissues . 
The Eag channel showed an oncogenic potential while hERG channels are associated with more aggressive tumors and have a role in mediating invasion . 
This review concluded that the consideration of physicochemical properties necessary for the hERG blocking activity will guide to develop novel drugs with less cardiotoxicity . C-terminal amidation , a required post-translational modification for the bioactivation of many neuropeptides , entails sequential enzymic action by peptidylglycine alpha-mono-oxygenase ( PAM , EC 1 . 14 . 17 . 3 ) and peptidylamidoglycolate lyase ( PGL , EC 4 . 3 . 2 . 5 ) . 
Here we introduce novel compounds in which an olefinic functionality is incorporated into peptide analogues as the most potent turnover-dependent inactivators of PAM . 
Kinetic parameters for PAM inactivation by 4-oxo-5-acetamido-6-phenyl-hex-2-enoic acid and 4-oxo-5-acetamido-6- ( 2-thienyl ) -hex-2-enoic acid were obtained by using both the conventional dilution assay method and the more complex progress curve method . 
The results obtained from the progress curve method establish that these compounds exhibit the kinetic characteristics of pure competitive inactivators ( i . 
e . 
no ESI complex forms during inactivation ) . 
On the basis of k ( inact ) / K ( i ) values , 4-oxo-5-acetamido-6- ( 2-thienyl ) -hex-2-enoic acid is almost two orders of magnitude more potent than benzoylacrylate , a chemically analogous olefinic inactivator that lacks the peptide moiety . 
Stereochemical studies established that PAM inactivation by 4-oxo-5-acetamido-6- ( 2-thienyl ) -hex-2-enoic acid is stereospecific with respect to the moiety at the P ( 2 ) position , which is consistent with previous results with substrates and reversible inhibitors . 
In contrast , 2 , 4-dioxo-5-acetamido-6-phenylhexanoic acid , which is a competitive inhibitor with respect to ascorbate , exhibits a low degree of stereospecificity in binding to the ascorbate sites of both PAM and dopamine-beta-hydroxylase . Epidermal growth factor receptor autocrine signaling in RIE-1 cells transformed by the Ras oncogene enhances radiation resistance . Prostate cancer ( PCa ) is the most commonly diagnosed cancer in men . 
The progression and invasion of PCa are normally mediated by the overexpression of chemokine receptors ( CKRs ) and the interaction between CKRs and their cognate ligands . 
We recently demonstrated that venom extracted from Walterinnesia aegyptia ( WEV ) either alone or in combination with silica nanoparticles ( WEV + NP ) mediated the growth arrest and apoptosis of breast cancer cells . 
In the present study , we evaluated the impact of WEV alone and WEV + NP on the migration , invasion , proliferation and apoptosis of prostate cancer cells . 
We found that WEV alone and WEV + NP decreased the viability of all cell types tested ( PCa cells isolated from patient samples , PC3 cells and LNCaP cells ) using an MTT assay . 
The IC ( 50 ) values were determined to be 10 and 5 μg / mL for WEV alone and WEV + NP , respectively . 
WEV + NP decreased the surface expression of the CKRs CXCR3 , CXCR4 , CXCR5 and CXCR6 to a greater extent than WEV alone and subsequently reduced migration and the invasion response of the cells to the cognate ligands of the CKRs ( CXCL10 , CXCL12 , CXCL13 and CXCL16 , respectively ) . 
Using a CFSE proliferation assay , we found that WEV + NP strongly inhibited epidermal growth factor-mediated PCa cell proliferation . 
Furthermore , analysis of the cell cycle indicated that WEV + NP strongly altered the cell cycle of PCa cells and enhanced the induction of apoptosis . 
Finally , we demonstrated that WEV + NP robustly decreased the expression of anti-apoptotic effectors , such as B cell Lymphoma-2 ( Bcl-2 ) , B cell Lymphoma-extra large ( Bcl- ( XL ) ) and myeloid cell leukemia sequence-1 ( Mcl-1 ) , and increased the expression of pro-apoptotic effectors , such as Bcl-2 homologous antagonist / killer ( Bak ) , Bcl-2-associated X protein ( Bax ) and Bcl-2-interacting mediator of cell death ( Bim ) . 
WEV + NP also altered the membrane potential of mitochondria in the PCa cells . 
Our data reveal the potential of nanoparticle-sustained delivery of snake venom as effective treatments for prostate cancer . Garlic phytochemicals and garlic supplements influence the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic behavior of concomitantly ingested drugs . 
In this paper we have summarized the mechanisms responsible for first-pass intestinal pharmacokinetic interactions by investigating the intestinal permeability of some cardiovascular , antiviral drugs , their transport with hepatic transporters and CYP3A4 metabolism . 
Transporter-enzyme interplay was studied with several in vitro models of varying complexity : rat small intestine and Caco-2 cell monolayers were used in studies of intestinal processes , and hepatic pharmacokinetics was monitored in HepG2 cells , isolated rat hepatocytes and rat liver slices . 
Garlic phytochemicals from aged garlic extract modified the activities of secretory and absorptive transporters in both intestine and liver and competitively inhibited CYP3A4 enzyme . 
The increased activities of the most important intestinal efflux ( P-glycoprotein - Pgp , Multidrug Resistance Associated Protein 2 - MRP-2 , Breast Cancer Resistance Protein - BCRP ) and uptake ( MonoCarboxylate Transporter 1 - MCT1 , Organic Anion Transporting Polypeptide - OATP , Peptide transporter 1 - PepT1 ) transporters were caused by changes in electrophysiological membrane properties and by allosteric modifications . 
Because clinical studies investigating interactions between garlic and human immunodeficiency virus protease inhibitors saquinavir and ritonavir have already been performed , we used these in vivo data to evaluate the in vitro results and the reliability of the models employed as screening tools for forecasting the potential of first-pass intestinal metabolism changes . 
We also assessed the probability of pharmacokinetic interactions with garlic of the novel drug darunavir and other cardiovascular drugs . 
Finally , selected garlic phytochemicals were tested for their ability to influence P-glycoprotein and CYP3A4 activities . Differential antiplatelet effects of various glycoprotein IIb-IIIa antagonists . PURPOSE : To build a population pharmacokinetic ( PK ) model of cyclophosphamide ( CY ) and its metabolite , 4-hydroxycyclophosphamide ( HCY ) , in patients undergoing allogeneic haematopoietic stem cell transplantation ( HSCT ) and to identify covariates , including genetic polymorphisms , which affect CY and HCY PK parameters . 
METHOD : The study cohort comprised 21 patients undergoing HSCT who received CY intravenously between 2009 and 2011 . 
Clinical characteristics and CY and HCY concentration data were collected for all patients , and ABCB1 , ABCC2 , GSTA1 , GSTM1 , GSTP1 , GSTT1 , CYP2B6 , CYP2C19 , and CYP3A5 genotyping was performed . 
A hypothetical enzyme compartment was conducted using the NONMEM program . 
RESULTS : A population PK analysis showed that the ABCC2 1249 genotype and aspartate aminotransferase levels significantly affected non-induced clearance ( CL UI ) and induced clearance ( CL I ) of CY , respectively . 
The final estimate of the mean CL UI and CL I of CY was 15 . 5 and 0 . 683 L / h , respectively , and the mean volume of distribution ( V 1 ) of CY was 88 . 0 L . 
The inter-individual variability for CL UI , CL I , and V 1 of CY was 52 . 8 , 200 , and 18 . 0 % , respectively . 
Additionally , the CL UI of CY was significantly decreased to approximately 51 % in patients with the 1249 GA heterozygous genotype compared to those with the 1249 GG wild-type genotype ( p < 0 . 05 ) . 
There were only three heterozygous GA variants of ABCC2 1249 in the study patients . 
CONCLUSIONS : The population PK model developed in this study implies an influence of genetic factors on the clearance of CY . 
Clearance was moderately reduced in patients with the ABCC2 1249GA heterozygous genotype . Most antidepressants in clinical use are believed to function by enhancing neurotransmission of serotonin [ 5-hydroxytryptamine ( 5-HT ) ] and / or norepinephrine ( NE ) via inhibition of neurotransmitter reuptake . 
Agents that affect reuptake of both 5-HT and NE ( serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors ) have been postulated to offer greater efficacy for the treatment of major depressive disorder ( MDD ) . 
These dual-acting agents also display a broader spectrum of action , including efficacy for MDD and associated painful physical symptoms , diabetic peripheral neuropathic pain , generalized anxiety disorder , and fibromyalgia syndrome . 
Substantial preclinical evidence shows that duloxetine , an approved drug for the treatment of MDD , generalized anxiety disorder , and the management of diabetic peripheral neuropathic pain , inhibits reuptake of both 5-HT and NE . 
This paper reviews clinical and neurochemical evidence of duloxetine's effects on 5-HT and NE reuptake inhibition . 
The clinical evidence supporting duloxetine's effects on NE reuptake inhibition includes indirect measures such as altered excretion of NE metabolites , cardiovascular effects , and treatment-emergent adverse event profiles similar to those for other drugs believed to act through the inhibition of NE reuptake . 
In summary , the data presented in this report provide clinical evidence of a mechanism for duloxetine involving both 5-HT and NE reuptake inhibition in humans and are consistent with preclinical evidence for 5-HT / NE reuptake inhibition . Breast cancer is the most common malignancy among women and has an age-specific incidence profile . 
Over the last decade , many studies have demonstrated the anticancer activity of α-tocopherol , the main and most active form of natural vitamin E . 
α-Tocopherol-associated protein ( TAP ) was found to be one of the major α-tocopherol binding proteins in human serum and in liver , brain , and prostate tissues . 
In this study , we found that reduced TAP expression was significantly correlated with Her2 / neu receptor expression , breast cancer stage and nodal stage in paired normal and cancerous breast tissue samples from 93 patients using real-time PCR analysis . 
A cell viability assay showed that α-tocopheryl succinate ( α-TOS ) , a synthetic derivative of α-tocopherol , enhanced the cells' sensitivity to doxorubicin and resulted in a reduction in cell viability in breast cancers . 
Taken together , these data suggest that the use of vitamin E or its analogue as a dietary supplement may be beneficial for the treatment of cancer . Several signaling pathways are believed to be involved in the epileptogenic process that triggers the subsequent changes in the brain causing epilepsy . 
The mammalian target of rapamycin ( mTOR ) is a serine / threonine kinase that in the brain , regulates several important physiological functions such as neuronal development and synaptic plasticity , and also seems to be involved in many pathologies , including epilepsy and psychiatric disorders . 
Previous work in animal models of both genetic and acquired generalized convulsive epilepsies , has suggested that modulators of the mTOR signaling pathway may have beneficial neuroprotective and antiepileptogenic effects . 
Here , we investigated for the first time , the effect of some treatment schedules ( i . 
e . 
early chronic , sub-chronic and acute ) with the specific mTOR inhibitor rapamycin , on the development of absence seizures and seizure parameters as well as depressive-like behavior in WAG / Rij rats , a genetic model of absence epilepsy , epileptogenesis and mild-depression comorbidity . 
In addition , we studied the possible interaction between rapamycin treatment and the effects of bacterial lipopolysaccharide ( LPS ) endotoxin administration , which is known to aggravate absence seizures through generation of increased neuroinflammatory responses . 
We found that rapamycin ( early chronic treatment for 17 weeks , starting at P45 ) exhibited clear antiepileptogenic properties also in this animal epilepsy model; however , this effect was accompanied by unexpected prodepressant effects . 
Both acute and sub-chronic ( 7 day ) treatments also had anti-absence properties , but the sub-chronic treatment produced contrasting antidepressant properties in the WAG / Rij rats that were not seen in control Wistar rats . 
The rapamycin / LPS co-administration studies showed that rapamycin blocked or prevented the LPS-dependent increase in absence seizures , suggesting an anti-inflammatory-like protective action . 
In conclusion , we have demonstrated a novel antiepileptogenic effect of rapamycin in a well-established animal model of absence epilepsy , and we suggest that this effect may be mediated by the inhibition of inflammatory processes that are developed in the brain of these specific animals during epileptogenesis and during seizures . 
Our experiments here suggest new insights into this intriguing field , which deserves to be further explored . 
This article is part of the Special Issue entitled 'New Targets and Approaches to the Treatment of Epilepsy' . The effect of body-weight loading onto the articular cartilage on the occurrence of chondrotoxicity was investigated in male juvenile Sprague-Dawley rats given ofloxacin ( OFLX ) orally once at 900 mg / kg . 
Just after dosing of OFLX , hindlimb unloading was performed for 0 , 2 , 4 , or 8 h by a tail-suspension method . 
Animals were sacrificed at 8h post-dose , and then the distal femoral articular cartilage was subjected to a histological examination and an investigation for gene expression of tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily , member 12a ( Tnfrsf12a ) ; prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase 2 ( Ptgs2 ) ; plasminogen activator , urokinase receptor ( Plaur ) ; and matrix metalloproteinase 3 ( Mmp3 ) by qRT-PCR analysis . 
As a result , cartilage lesions and up-regulations of these 4 genes that were seen in rats without the tail suspension were not observed in rats with the 8-h tail suspension , and a tendency to decrease in the incidence of the cartilage lesions and the gene expression was noted in a tail-suspension time dependent manner . 
Our results clearly indicate that body-weight loading onto the cartilage is necessary to induce cartilage lesions and gene expression of Tnfrsf12a , Ptgs2 , Plaur , and Mmp3 in juvenile rats treated with OFLX . Lipids in the nervous system are represented by cholesterol and phospholipids as constituents of cell membranes and , in particular , of myelin . 
Therefore , lipids are finely regulated to guarantee physiological functions . 
In the central nervous system , cholesterol is locally synthesized due to the presence of the blood brain barrier . 
In the peripheral nervous system cholesterol is either uptaken by lipoproteins and / or produced by de novo biosynthesis . 
Defects in lipid homeostasis in these tissues lead to structural and functional changes that often result in different pathological conditions depending on the affected pathways ( i . 
e . 
cholesterol biosynthesis , cholesterol efflux , fatty acid biosynthesis etc . 
) . 
Alterations in cholesterol metabolism in the central nervous system are linked to several disorders such as Alzheimer's disease , Huntington disease , Parkinson disease , Multiple Sclerosis , Smith-Lemli-Opitz syndrome , Niemann-Pick type C disease , and glioblastoma . 
In the peripheral nervous system changes in lipid metabolism are associated with the development of peripheral neuropathy that may be caused by metabolic disorders , injuries , therapeutics and autoimmune diseases . 
Transcription factors , such as the Liver X receptors ( LXRs ) , regulate both cholesterol and fatty acid metabolism in several tissues including the nervous system . 
In the last few years several studies elucidated the biology of LXRs in nervous system due to the availability of knock-out mice and the development of synthetic ligands . 
Here , we review a survey of the literature focused on central and peripheral nervous system and in physiological and pathological settings with particular attention on the roles played by LXRs in both districts . We previously reported that the ESR1 XbaI genotypes were associated with baseline and tamoxifen-induced serum lipid profiles . 
The analysis in that study was carried out by PCR followed by restriction-enzyme digestion . 
After reanalysis using more robust TaqMan assays , the findings related to ~10% of the genotypes for the ESR1 XbaI single-nucleotide polymorphism ( SNP ) were revised . 
For the other genotypes ( i . 
e . 
, ESR1 PvuII , ESR2 , and CYP2D6 ) , the results were nearly identical to those in the previous study . 
Upon reanalysis , previously reported associations between the ESR1 Xba1 genotypes and baseline triglyceride and low-density lipoprotein ( LDL ) cholesterol levels were no longer observed . 
Previously reported associations between the ESR1 XbaI genotypes and tamoxifen-induced changes in levels of total cholesterol , triglycerides , and high-density lipoprotein ( HDL ) cholesterol were also no longer observed . 
However , the following observations from the original report did not change : ( i ) the levels of circulating lipids are lower in women taking tamoxifen; ( ii ) there is an association between the ESR2-02 genotypes and changes in triglyceride levels; and ( iii ) neither ESR1 PvuII nor CYP2D6 is associated with any changes in serum lipid concentrations in patients receiving treatment with tamoxifen . Modulation of mitochondrial glutathione status and cellular energetics in primary cultures of proximal tubular cells from remnant kidney of uninephrectomized rats . Buckwheat ( Fagopyrum esculentum Moench ) groats contain the iminosugar D-fagomine as a minor component that might contribute to the alleged health benefits of this pseudo-cereal . 
This study presents analysis of D-fagomine in buckwheat-based foodstuffs by liquid chromatography coupled to mass spectrometry and an estimation of its presence in the human diet based on a published population-based cross-sectional nutrition survey . 
D-fagomine is present in common buckwheat-based foodstuffs in amounts ranging from 1 to 25 mg / kg or mg / L , it is stable during boiling , baking , frying and fermentation , and it is biosynthesised upon sprouting . 
The estimated total intake of D-fagomine resulting from a diet that includes such foodstuffs would be between 3 and 17 mg per day ( mean for both genders; range from P5 to P95 ) . 
A diet rich in buckwheat products would provide a daily amount of D-fagomine that may in part explain the beneficial properties traditionally attributed to buckwheat consumption . It was previously reported that [ 3H ] nitrendipine binding to a microsomal fraction from intestinal smooth muscle was dependent upon the presence of divalent metal cations ( Bolger et al . 
, J . 
Pharmacol . 
Exp . 
Ther . 
225 : 291-309 , 1983 ) . 
The effects of cations and calmodulin antagonists on [ 3H ] nitrendipine binding in smooth and cardiac muscle have been studied further . 
Treatment of ileal and aortic smooth muscle and cardiac muscle with EDTA reduced specific [ 3H ] nitrendipine binding by 70 to 95% . 
Microsomes from rabbit ventricle were more resistant to EDTA treatment than were those from ileal smooth muscle , but low concentrations of Ca + + ( less than 10 ( -5 ) M ) produced half-maximal restoration of binding in both tissues . 
The ability of cations at a concentration of 10 ( -3 ) M to restore binding to membranes from guinea-pig ileum was in the sequence , Ca + + = Sr + + greater than Mg + + = Mn + + = Co + + greater than Ba + + = Ni + + greater than Zn + + = Cd + + greater than La = Sm = Tm . 
In contrast to the activation of calmodulin-dependent processes , the ability of these cations to restore [ 3H ] nitrendipine binding did not correlate linearly with ionic radius . 
However , calmodulin antagonists were found to inhibit [ 3H ] nitrendipine binding with the order of potency : pimozide greater than less than calmidazolium ( R 24571 ) greater than trifluoperazine greater than chlorpromazine greater than promethazine greater than chlorpromazine sulfoxide , that correlates quite well with the potency of these drugs as inhibitors of calmodulin-dependent processes . 
The results suggest that calmodulin antagonists bind to a protein associated with the [ 3H ] nitrendipine binding site that has a hydrophobic domain similar to that exposed on calmodulin by Ca + + , but that this protein is not calmodulin itself . Embryo implantation is absolutely dependent on the preparation of the uterus to the receptive stage and attainment by the blastocyst of implantation competency . 
Co-ordinated effects of progesterone and oestrogen are essential for these processes and determine the window of implantation . 
In rodents , a generalized stromal edema occurs before blastocyst attachment followed by uterine luminal closure . 
This leads to apposition of the blastocyst trophectoderm against the luminal epithelium and ultimately attachment . 
Progesterone is essential for luminal closure , which must occur for successful implantation . 
More importantly , progesterone is critical for almost every stage of pregnancy , including ovulation , fertilization , implantation , decidualization and pregnancy maintenance . 
Progesterone exerts its effects on target tissues primarily via nuclear progesterone receptor ( PR ) whose optimal activity is potentiated by an immunophilin co-chaperone , FK-506 binding protein 4 ( FKBP52 ) . 
While mice lacking PR are infertile due to complete failure of ovulation , fertilization , and implantation , female mice with targeted deletion of the Fkbp52 gene are infertile specifically because of implantation failure resulting from compromised uterine receptivity . 
This review highlights the evolution of knowledge about progesterone signalling during early pregnancy . 
Future studies are likely to provide a better understanding of FKBP52-PR signalling in promoting uterine receptivity for implantation and may reveal new targets for improving infertility . Montelukast modulates lung CysLT ( 1 ) receptor expression and eosinophilic inflammation in asthmatic mice . Ellagic acid attenuates bleomycin and cyclophosphamide-induced pulmonary toxicity in Wistar rats . The first case of 3-methylcrotonyl-CoA carboxylase ( MCC ) deficiency responsive to biotin . Intensive computerized auditory training results in improved cognition for schizophrenia patients , but participants show variation in their cognitive gains and the biological factors that affect the response to training are unknown . 
Single nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNPs ) in the catechol-O-methyltransferase ( COMT ) gene have been related to cognitive function . 
Here we asked if functional variation in this gene has an impact on the response of schizophrenia patients to cognitive training . 
We genotyped 48 schizophrenia patients who completed 50 h of computerized cognitive training and analyzed the association between DNA variants in the COMT gene and the improvement in global cognition . 
Although conventional analyses did not reveal any significant associations , a set-based analysis examining the aggregate effect of common variation in the COMT gene ( 42 SNPs ) suggested association with improvement in global cognition . 
Eight SNPs , mostly located in the 3' end of the COMT gene , were nominally associated with improvement in cognition . 
These data suggest that genotype influences the response to intensive cognitive training in schizophrenia , and may indicate that cognitive training regimens need to be personalized to the underlying biosignatures of each individual patient . 
This article is part of a Special Issue entitled 'Cognitive Enhancers' . In mammalian cells , factor VIII ( FVIII ) secretion depends upon its interaction with chaperones of the endoplasmic reticulum ( ER ) and requires a unique ATP-dependent step to dissociate aggregates formed within the ER . 
To further elucidate mechanisms which might account for the inefficient secretion of recombinant FVIII ( rFVIII ) , we have analyzed the pathways of recombinant full length ( rFVIII-FL ) and B-domain deleted ( rFVIII Delta B ) FVIII and compared these to the secretion route of native FVIII in primary hepatocytes . 
Using confocal laser scanning microscopy in combination with a pulse chase of a known secretion marker , we describe the trafficking route of FVIII , which upon release from the ER--where it colocalizes with calnexin--is transported to the Golgi complex in vesicular-tubular transport complexes ( VTCs ) which could be further identified as being COP I coated . 
However , a large portion of rFVIII is retained in the ER and additionally in structures which could not be assigned to the ER , Golgi complex or intermediate compartment . 
Moderate BiP transcription levels indicate that this observed retention of FVIII does not reflect cellular stress due to an overexpression of FVIII-protein in transduced cells . 
Moreover , a pulse of newly synthesized rFVIII protein is released within 4 hrs , indicating that once rFVIII is released from the ER there is no further limitation to its secretion . 
Our data provide new details about the secretory route of FVIII , which may ultimately help to identify factors currently limiting the efficient and physiological expression of FVIII in gene therapy and manufacture . FOXO1 controls thyroid cell proliferation in response to TSH and IGF-I and is involved in thyroid tumorigenesis . Mutations in human caveolin-3 are known to underlie a range of myopathies . 
The cav-1 gene of Caenorhabditis elegans is a homologue of human caveolin-3 and is expressed in both neurons and body wall muscles . 
Within the body wall muscle CAV-1 localises adjacent to neurons , most likely at the neuromuscular junction ( NMJ ) . 
Using fluorescently tagged CAV-1 and pre- and post-synaptic markers we demonstrate that CAV-1 co-localises with UNC-63 , a post-synaptic marker , but not with several pre-synaptic markers . 
To establish a model for human muscular dystrophies caused by dominant-negative mutations in caveolin-3 we created transgenic animals carrying versions of cav-1 with homologous mutations . 
These animals had increased sensitivity to levamisole , suggesting a role for cav-1 at the NMJ . 
Animals carrying a deletion in cav-1 show a similar sensitivity . 
Sensitivity to levamisole and locomotion were also perturbed in animals carrying a dominant-negative cav-1 and a mutation in dynamin , which is a protein known to interact with caveolins . 
Thus , indicating an interaction between CAV-1 and dynamin at the NMJ and / or in neurons . Characterization of efflux transporters involved in distribution and disposition of apixaban . Global and MGMT promoter hypomethylation independently associated with genomic instability of lymphocytes in subjects exposed to high-dose polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon . Toosendanin induces apoptosis through suppression of JNK signaling pathway in HL-60 cells . Tissue-type plasminogen activator acts as a cytokine that triggers intracellular signal transduction and induces matrix metalloproteinase-9 gene expression . Superoxide dismutase 1 ( SOD1 ) maturation within the cell is mainly accomplished with the SOD1-specific chaperone , CCS , a dimeric protein with three distinct domains in each monomer . 
We recently showed that the first domain of human CCS ( hCCSD1 ) is responsible for copper transfer to its protein partner , human SOD1 ( hSOD1 ) . 
The NMR solution structure of the copper ( I ) -loaded form of hCCSD1 reported here contributes further to characterization of the copper-transfer mechanism to hSOD1 . 
NMR spectroscopy was also used to examine the hSOD1 mutants C57A , C146A , and C57A / C146A , which are unable to form the structurally conserved disulfide bond in SOD1 , in order to investigate the role of these cysteines during hSOD1 copper acquisition . 
Together , the information on both hCCS and hSOD1 , along with a sequence analysis of eukaryotic CCSD1 , allows us to propose important mechanistic aspects regarding the copper-transfer process from hCCS to hSOD1 . Purification and biochemical characterization of some of the properties of recombinant human kynureninase . The role of the carbohydrate response element-binding protein in male fructose-fed rats . Memantine-sulfur containing antioxidant conjugates as potential prodrugs to improve the treatment of Alzheimer's disease . Oxysterol generation and liver X receptor-dependent reverse cholesterol transport : not all roads lead to Rome . Cell-cycle and DNA damage regulation of the DNA mismatch repair protein Msh2 occurs at the transcriptional and post-transcriptional level . Efficacy and safety of the factor VIII / von Willebrand factor concentrate , haemate-P / humate-P : ristocetin cofactor unit dosing in patients with von Willebrand disease . A Biodegradable Polymersome Containing Bcl-xL siRNA and Doxorubicin as a Dual Delivery Vehicle for a Synergistic Anticancer Effect . The role of long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in reducing lipid peroxidation among elderly patients with mild cognitive impairment : a case-control study . Molecular basis for the stereoselective interactions of catecholamines with alpha-adrenoceptors . This study compared the plasma amprenavir pharmacokinetics of the human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) protease inhibitors amprenavir ( Agenerase ) 1 , 200 mg twice daily ( BID ) and the amprenavir prodrug GW433908 , a formulation that substantially reduces the number of tablets per dose compared with amprenavir , at doses of 1 , 395 mg and 1 , 860 mg BID , in combination with abacavir 300 mg BID and lamivudine 150 mg BID in patients with HIV infection . 
Overall , 78 patients received study treatment . 
Compared with amprenavir 1 , 200 mg BID , both GW433908 1 , 395 mg BID and GW433908 1 , 860 mg BID delivered equivalent steady-state ( ss ) values for area under the plasma amprenavir concentration-time curve ( AUC ) at the end of a dosing interval ( tau ) , lower maximum plasma amprenavir concentrations ( 30% lower ) , and higher plasma amprenavir concentrations at the end of a dosing interval ( 28% higher for GW433908 1 , 395 mg BID and 46% higher for GW433908 1 , 860 mg BID ) . 
Time-variant plasma amprenavir pharmacokinetics were observed with reductions in plasma amprenavir exposure over the first 4 weeks of dosing; the decrease in plasma amprenavir AUC ( tau , ss ) versus the AUC from 0 h to infinity was 27% for GW43308 1 , 395 mg , 45% for GW433908 1 , 860 mg , and 23% for amprenavir 1 , 200 mg . 
All three regimens reduced plasma HIV-1 RNA ( approximately 2 log ( 10 ) copies / ml ) and increased CD4 ( + ) cell counts ( approximately 100 cells / mm ( 3 ) ) over the initial 28 days . 
Adverse event profiles were consistent with those previously reported for amprenavir . 
Although not statistically tested , the GW433908 groups appeared to have fewer gastrointestinal symptoms . 
In conclusion , the protease inhibitor GW433908 delivered comparable plasma amprenavir concentrations to those delivered by amprenavir 1 , 200 mg BID . 
GW433908 , in combination with abacavir and lamivudine , demonstrated potent antiviral activity and was generally well tolerated over a 4-week period . Animal and human tissue Na , K-ATPase in normal and insulin-resistant states : regulation , behaviour and interpretative hypothesis on NEFA effects . The nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs flurbiprofen and ibuprofen were modified in an attempt to alter the kinetics of inhibitor binding by COX-1 . 
Contrary to prior predictions , a halogen substituent is not sufficient to confer slow tight-binding behavior . 
Conversion of the carboxylate moiety of flurbiprofen to an ester or amide abolishes slow tight-binding behavior , regardless of halogenation state . 6-Dehydroshogaol ( 6-DHSG ) is a bioactive α , β-unsaturated carbonyl compound isolated from fresh ginger with anti-inflammatory and phase II enzyme inducing activities . 
Here we describe the glutathione ( GSH ) -dependent metabolism and the effect of this metabolic transformation on the biological activities of 6-DHSG . 
Compared with other ginger compounds , such as 6-gingerol and 6-shogaol , 6-DHSG showed the most potent anti-inflammatory effect in lipopolysaccharide ( LPS ) -stimulated RAW 264 . 7 cells . 
The biological activities of 6-DHSG were attenuated by sulfhydryl antioxidants such as glutathione ( GSH ) or N-acetyl cysteine ( NAC ) , but not ascorbic acid ( ASC ) . 
6-DHSG was metabolised by GSH to form a GSH conjugate ( GS-6-DHSG ) in RAW 264 . 7 cells , via a potential mechanism involving the catalytic activity of glutathione-S-transferase ( GST ) . 
GS-6-DHSG showed reduced biological activities compared with 6-DHSG in multiple biological assays . 
Together , these results indicate that GSH conjugation attenuates the biological activities of 6-DHSG and other α , β-unsaturated carbonyl compounds . Pre- and postganglionic stimulation-induced noradrenaline overflow is markedly facilitated by a prejunctional beta 2-adrenoceptor-mediated control mechanism in the pithed rat . Aflatoxicosis is a cause of economic losses in broiler production . 
In this study , the effect of one commercial nanocompound , Nanocid ( Nano Nasb Pars Co . 
, Iran ) was evaluated in reduction of aflatoxin effects on the growth and performance indices in broiler chickens suffering from experimental aflatoxicosis . 
For this , a total of 300 one-day-old broiler chicks ( Ross strain ) were randomly divided into 4 groups with 3 replicates of 15 chicks in each separated pen during the 28-day experiment . 
Treatment groups including group A : chickens fed basal diet , group B : chickens fed 3 ppm productive aflatoxin in basal diet , group C : chickens fed basal diet plus 2500 ppm Nanocid , and group D : chickens fed 3 ppm productive aflatoxin and 2500 ppm Nanocid , in basal diet . 
Data on body weight , body weight gain ( BWG ) , feed intake , and feed conversion ratio ( FCR ) were recorded at weekly intervals . 
Also cumulative data were assessed . 
Results showed , although supplement of Nanocid to conventional diet had no effect on performance but addition of Nanocid to diet containing 3 ppm aflatoxin increased significantly the cumulative BWG , cumulative feed consumption and decreased FCR in the last 2 weeks of experimental period . 
The improvement in these performance indices by supplement of Nanocid to diet containing aflatoxin showed the ability of Nanocid to diminish the inhibitory effects of aflatoxin . Type-I Interferons exert antiviral and antiproliferative activities through the binding to a common cell surface receptor comprising two subunits , IFNAR1 and IFNAR2 . 
Human recombinant Interferon-alpha ( 2a ) ( IFNalpha ( 2a ) ) is a potent drug ( Roferon-A ) used to treat various cancers and viral diseases including Hepatitis B / C infections . 
To significantly improve the pharmacological properties of the drug , a pegylated form of IFNalpha ( 2a ) was developed ( PEGASYS ) . 
This 40 kDa PEG-conjugated IFNalpha ( 2a ) ( ( 40 ) PEG-IFNalpha ( 2a ) ) is obtained by the covalent binding of one 40 kDa branched PEG-polymer to a lysine side-chain of IFNalpha ( 2a ) . 
Here , we report the detailed structural , kinetic , and thermodynamic analysis of the binding to the extracellular domain of the receptor IFNAR2 of ( 40 ) PEG-IFNalpha ( 2a ) and its isolated positional isomers modified at K31 , K134 , K131 , K121 , K164 , and K70 , respectively , in comparison with unmodified IFNalpha ( 2a ) . 
Our binding studies , using the surface plasmon resonance technique , show that the pegylation does not abolish the binding to the receptor , but significantly reduces the affinity mainly due to a change of the association rate . 
The results are supported by modeling and simulation of the binding , using Self-Avoiding-Walk calculations for the polymer conformations . 
A correlation between the structural parameters and the kinetic and thermodynamic parameters of the binding of the positional isomers could be established . 
For the Isomer-K31 and -K164 , the PEG-polymer attachment point is located in proximity to the binding interface , and the isomers display affinity in the range 150-520 nM in an enthalpy-driven binding process . 
In contrast for the Isomer-K134 , -K131 , -K121 , and -K70 , the PEG-polymer is attached remotely from the binding interface , and the isomers exhibit a higher affinity ( 32-76 nM ) in an entropy-driven binding process . 
This study constitutes an essential collection of knowledge on which the interaction of ( 40 ) PEG-IFNalpha ( 2a ) and its positional isomers with its cellular receptors can be better understood . BACKGROUND : Agents inhibiting the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone ( RAAS ) system have an important role in slowing the progression of chronic kidney disease . 
We evaluated the hypothesis that the addition of an aldosterone receptor antagonist to an angiotensin-converting enzyme ( ACE ) inhibitor and angiotensin II type 1 ( AT-1 ) receptor blocker ( ARB ) ( triple RAAS blockade ) may provide an additional benefit compared with an ACE inhibitor and ARB ( double RAAS blockade ) . 
DESIGN : Randomized open controlled crossover study . 
SETTING & PARTICIPANTS : 18 whites ( 7 women , 11 men ) from the Outpatient Department of Nephrology with chronic nondiabetic proteinuric kidney diseases , mean age 42 . 4 + / - 1 . 9 years ( SEM ) . 
INTERVENTIONS : In the 8-week run-in period , all participants received the ACE inhibitor cilazapril ( 5 mg ) , the ARB telmisartan ( 80 mg ) , and the diuretic hydrochlorothiazide ( 12 . 5 mg ) as double RAAS blockade to achieve the target blood pressure of less than 130 / 80 mm Hg . 
Participants were then randomly assigned to 2 treatment sequences , either the addition of spironolactone ( 25 mg ) ( triple RAAS blockade ) through 8 weeks followed by double RAAS blockade through 8 weeks ( sequence 1 ) or double RAAS blockade followed by triple RAAS blockade ( sequence 2 ) . 
MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES : 24-hour urine protein excretion ( primary end point ) and markers of tubular injury and fibrosis ( secondary end points ) . 
Analysis was performed using analysis of variance for repeated measurements . 
RESULTS : At baseline , mean serum creatinine level was 1 . 16 + / - 0 . 09 mg / dL ( 103 + / - 8 micromol / L ) , estimated glomerular filtration rate was 107 . 8 mL / min ( 95% confidence interval , 93 to 140 . 9 [ 1 . 8 mL / s; 95% confidence interval , 1 . 55 to 2 . 35; Cockcroft-Gault formula ) , and 24-hour mean proteinuria was 0 . 97 + / - 0 . 18 g . 
Mean urine protein excretion was 0 . 7 g / 24 h ( 95% confidence interval , 0 . 48 to 0 . 92 ) less after triple RAAS blockade than after double RAAS blockade ( P = 0 . 01 ) , without change in blood pressure . 
Urine excretion of N-acetyl-beta-d-glucosaminidase ( P = 0 . 02 ) and amino-terminal propeptide of type III procollagen ( P = 0 . 05 ) also significantly decreased . 
Potassium levels increased significantly after triple therapy ( P = 0 . 02 ) . 
However , no patient was withdrawn because of adverse effects . 
LIMITATIONS : Absence of blinding , small sample size , short treatment period , absence of histological assessment . 
CONCLUSIONS : Administration of an aldosterone receptor antagonist in addition to double RAAS blockade with an ACE inhibitor and ARB may slow the progression of chronic kidney disease . 
Additional studies are necessary to confirm this result . Tandutinib ( MLN518 / CT53518 ) targeted to stem-like cells by inhibiting the function of ATP-binding cassette subfamily G member 2 . Hydrosoluble benzo [ e ] pyridoindolones as potent inhibitors of aurora kinases . Regulation of UVB-induced IL-8 and MCP-1 production in skin keratinocytes by increasing vitamin C uptake via the redistribution of SVCT-1 from the cytosol to the membrane . Immunotherapy for De Novo renal transplantation : what's in the Multiple exposure to theophylline , a phosphodiesterase ( PDE ) inhibitor , induces acinar hypertrophy in the salivary gland . 
This study examined the effect of theophylline on the gene expression of secretory proteins and phosphodiesterases in the submaxillary gland . 
Male F344 rats received saline or theophylline ( 50 mg / kg ) intraperitoneally for 4 days . 
The gene expressions for the secretory protein , cystatin S ( CysS ) , and PDE subfamilies 3A and 4D in the submaxillary gland were quantified using RT-PCR . 
Theophylline exposure resulted in a sustained increase in mRNA expression for CysS and PDE3A , but PDE4D gene expression was unchanged . 
Our results suggest that submaxillary hypertrophy is primarily caused by the enhanced transcription of CysS , and that the transcription of each PDE subfamily gene is regulated differently . Exendin-4 , a GLP-1 receptor agonist , prevents osteopnia by promoting bone formation and suppressing bone resorption in aged ovariectomized rats . Glutathione-independent maleylacetoacetate isomerase in gram-positive bacteria . Induction of heat shock proteins ( HSPs ) by sodium arsenite in cultured astrocytes and reduction of hydrogen peroxide-induced cell death . Human mitochondrial leucyl-tRNA synthetase ( hs mt LeuRS ) achieves high aminoacylation fidelity without a functional editing active site , representing a rare example of a class I aminoacyl-tRNA synthetase ( aaRS ) that does not proofread its products . 
Previous studies demonstrated that the enzyme achieves high selectivity by using a more specific synthetic active site that is not prone to errors under physiological conditions . 
Interestingly , the synthetic active site of hs mt LeuRS displays a high degree of homology with prokaryotic , lower eukaryotic , and other mitochondrial LeuRSs that are less specific . 
However , there is one residue that differs between hs mt and Escherichia coli LeuRSs located on a flexible closing loop near the signature KMSKS motif . 
Here we describe studies indicating that this particular residue ( K600 in hs mt LeuRS and L570 in E . 
coli LeuRS ) strongly impacts aminoacylation in two ways : it affects both amino acid discrimination and transfer RNA ( tRNA ) binding . 
While this residue may not be in direct contact with the amino acid or tRNA substrate , substitutions of this position in both enzymes lead to altered catalytic efficiency and perturbations to the discrimination of leucine and isoleucine . 
In addition , tRNA recognition and aminoacylation is affected . 
These findings indicate that the conformation of the synthetic active site , modulated by this residue , may be coupled to specificity and provide new insights into the origins of selectivity without editing . Cynomolgus monkey as a potential model to assess drug interactions involving hepatic organic anion transporting polypeptides : in vitro , in vivo , and in vitro-to-in vivo extrapolation . Interacting Glutamate Receptor-Like Proteins in Phloem Regulate Lateral Root Initiation in Arabidopsis . Determination of residues in the norepinephrine transporter that are critical for tricyclic antidepressant affinity . Induction of the metabolic regulator Txnip in fasting-induced and natural torpor . During early pregnancy in sheep , the elongating conceptus secretes interferon-τ ( IFNT ) and the conceptus as well as endometrial epithelia produce prostaglandins ( PG ) via PG synthase 2 ( PTGS2 ) and cortisol via hydroxysteroid ( 11-β ) dehydrogenase 1 ( HSD11B1 ) . 
Ovarian progesterone induces and PG and IFNT stimulates endometrial HSD11B1 expression and keto-reductase activity as well as many epithelial genes that govern trophectoderm proliferation , migration , and attachment during elongation . 
The primary aim of these studies was to test the hypothesis that HSD11B1-derived cortisol has a biological role in endometrial function and conceptus development during early pregnancy in sheep . 
In study 1 , cyclic ewes received vehicle , cortisol , PF 915275 ( PF; a selective inhibitor of HSD11B1 ) , cortisol and PF , meloxicam ( a selective inhibitor of PTGS2 ) , cortisol and meloxicam , recombinant ovine IFNT , or IFNT and PF into the uterus from day 10 to day14 after estrus . 
Cortisol and IFNT stimulated endometrial HSD11B1 expression and activity , increased endometrial PTGS2 activity and the amount of PG in the uterine lumen , and up-regulated many conceptus elongation-related genes in the endometrium . 
Some effects of cortisol and IFNT were mediated by PTGS2-derived PG . 
In study 2 , bred ewes received PF 915275 or recombinant ovine IFNT and into the uterus from day 10 to day 14 after mating . 
Inhibition of HSD11B1 activity in utero prevented conceptus elongation , whereas IFNT rescued conceptus elongation in PF-infused ewes . 
These results suggest that HSD11B1-derived cortisol mediates , in part , actions of ovarian progesterone and the conceptus on endometrial function and support the hypothesis that IFNT , PG , and cortisol coordinately regulate endometrial functions important for conceptus elongation and implantation during early pregnancy in sheep . Niemann-Pick C1 Like 1 protein is critical for intestinal cholesterol absorption . Lead , a ubiquitous neurotoxicant , can result in learning and memory dysfunction . 
Long term potentiation in the hippocampus , a potential neural substrate for learning and memory , is thought to be linked to calcium-triggered intracellular events . 
In this study , laser scanning confocal microscopy was used to examine the effects of Pb ( 2 + ) on intracellular and endoplasmic reticulum free calcium concentration ( [ Ca ( 2 + ) ] ( i ) and [ Ca ( 2 + ) ] ( ER ) ) in cultured neonatal rat hippocampal neurons and their possible antagonism by methionine choline; understanding these effects would help explain the lead-induced cognitive and learning dysfunction and explore efficient safety and relief strategies . 
The results showed that Pb ( 2 + ) increased [ Ca ( 2 + ) ] ( i ) and decreased [ Ca ( 2 + ) ] ( ER ) linearly in a time- and concentration-dependant manner , and Pb ( 2 + ) addition after the applying of a ryanodine receptor ( RyR ) antagonist and an inositol-1 , 4 , 5-triphosphate receptor ( IP ( 3 ) R ) antagonist did not increase [ Ca ( 2 + ) ] ( i ) . 
The addition of 10 , 20 , or 40 mmol / L methionine choline simultaneously with addition of 10 μmol / L Pb ( 2 + ) decreased [ Ca ( 2 + ) ] ( i ) in Ca ( 2 + ) -free culture medium by 39 . 0% , 66 . 0% , and 61 . 6% , respectively , in a concentration-dependant manner in a certain dose range . 
Our results suggest that Pb ( 2 + ) induces ER calcium release to increase the resting [ Ca ( 2 + ) ] ( i ) ; and methionine choline inhibit this increase in [ Ca ( 2 + ) ] ( i ) . Effects of zonisamide on dopaminergic system . Nordihydroguaiaretic acid induces Nrf2 nuclear translocation in vivo and attenuates renal damage and apoptosis in the ischemia and reperfusion model . Talampanel , a new antiepileptic drug : single- and multiple-dose pharmacokinetics and initial 1-week experience in patients with chronic intractable epilepsy . Mechanisms of Glucose Lowering of Dipeptidyl Peptidase-4 Inhibitor Sitagliptin When Used Alone or With Metformin in Type 2 Diabetes : A double-tracer study . Derivatives of 5- ( dipentylamino ) -5-oxo-pentanoic acid are a new class of non-peptide cholecystokinin ( CCK ) antagonists . 
The most potent compound , D , L-4- ( 3 , 4-dichlorobenzoylamino ) -5- ( dipentylamino ) -5-oxo-pen tanoic acid ( lorglumide , CR 1409 ) , has a great affinity for the pancreatic CCK receptors and is a competitive , specific and potent CCK antagonist on the smooth muscles of the gall bladder and ileum of the guinea pig and on the CCK-induced amylase secretion of isolated pancreatic acini . 
In vivo lorglumide antagonizes the contraction of the gall bladder of the guinea pig and of the dog provoked by i . 
v . 
CCK-8 or ceruletide ( caerulein ) . 
It antagonizes the satiety effect of CCK-8 in the rat and is protective against ceruletide- , taurocholate- and diet-induced pancreatitis . 
Lorglumide is therefore a useful pharmacological tool to study the functions of CCK . 
For its pharmacological properties , its relatively low toxicity and because it is active also after oral administration , lorglumide is a candidate for diagnostic or therapeutic use in man when an involvement of CCK is suspected . BACKGROUND : Ogilvie's syndrome , or acute colonic pseudo-obstruction , is a common and relatively dangerous condition . 
If left untreated , it may cause ischemic necrosis and colonic perforation , with a mortality rate as high as 50 percent . 
Neostigmine enhances excitatory parasympathetic activity by competing with acetylcholine for attachment to acetylcholinesterase at sites of cholinergic transmission and enhancing cholinergic action . 
We hypothesized that neostigmine would restore peristalsis in patients with acute colonic pseudo-obstruction . 
METHODS : Twenty-eight patients at Fletcher Allen Health Care and The Cleveland Clinic Foundation were treated for acute colonic pseudo-obstruction with neostigmine 2 . 5 mg IV over 3 minutes while being monitored with telemetry . 
Mechanical obstruction had been excluded . 
RESULTS : Complete clinical resolution of large bowel distention occurred in 26 of the 28 patients . 
Time to pass flatus varied from 30 seconds to 10 minutes after administration of neostigmine . 
No adverse effects or complications were noted . 
Of the two patients who did not resolve , one had a sigmoid cancer that required resection and one patient died from multiorgan failure . 
CONCLUSION : This study supports the theory that acute colonic pseudo-obstruction is the result of excessive parasympathetic suppression rather than sympathetic overactivity . 
We have shown that neostigmine is a safe and effective treatment for acute colonic pseudo-obstruction . The case report of a 2 year old boy with steroid refractory DBA , treated with allogeneic PBSCT from an HLA matched sibling is presented . 
Anti-IL2 receptor antibody Daclizumab was used as a prophylaxis for graft versus host disease ( GvHD ) . 
Complete recovery without any evidence of GvHD ensued . OBJECTIVE : ADP plays an important role in platelet aggregation by activating P2Y12 receptors . 
We assessed the hypothesis that P2Y12 receptors are expressed in vascular smooth muscle cells ( VSMC ) . 
METHODS AND RESULTS : P2Y12 receptor mRNA was found to have a high expression among the P2 receptors in human VSMC , significantly higher than the other 2 ADP receptors ( P2Y1 and P2Y13 , real-time polymerase chain reaction ) . 
Western blots gave a band of 50 kD , similar to that in platelets . 
To unmask a P2Y12 receptor-mediated vasoconstriction by simulating the in vivo situation , vessels were precontracted to a submaximal level . 
2-MeSADP stimulated contractions in vessel segments from internal mammary artery ( IM ) , IM branches and small veins ( Emax = 15 + / -6% of 60 mmol / L K + contraction , pEC50 = 5 . 6 + / -0 . 6 , Emax = 21 + / -1% , pEC50 = 6 . 8 + / -0 . 1 , and Emax = 48 + / -9% , pEC50 = 6 . 6 + / -0 . 4 ) . 
The selective P2Y12 antagonist AR-C67085 blocked 2-MeSADP contractions . 
The contraction was not reduced in patients using clopidogrel , a drug inhibiting ADP-induced platelet aggregation by blocking the P2Y12 receptor . 
This may be explained by the high instability of the active clopidogrel metabolite that never reaches the systemic circulation . 
CONCLUSIONS : ADP acting on P2Y12 receptors not only is important for platelet activation but also stimulates vasoconstriction . 
Stable drugs with antagonistic effects on P2Y12 receptors , affecting both platelets and VSMC , could be of double therapeutic benefit in their prevention of both thrombosis and vasospasm . Cloning and expression of a heme binding protein from the genome of Saccharomyces cerevisiae . Regulation of energy balance in female rats is known to differ along a number of dimensions compared to male rats . 
Previous work from our lab has demonstrated that in female rats fed dietary supplements containing high-intensity sweeteners that may disrupt a predictive relation between sweet tastes and calories , excess weight gain is demonstrated only when females are also fed a diet high in fat and sugar , and is evidenced primarily in animals already prone to gain excess weight . 
In contrast , male rats show excess weight gain when fed saccharin-sweetened yogurt supplements when fed both standard chow diets and diets high in fat and sugar , and regardless of their proneness to excess weight gain . 
The goal of the present experiments was to determine whether ovarian , or other sources of estrogens , contributes to the resistance to excess weight gain in female rats fed standard chow diets along with dietary supplements sweetened with yogurt . 
Results of the first experiment indicated that when the ovaries were removed surgically in adult female rats , patterns of weight gain were similar in animals fed saccharin-sweetened compared to glucose-sweetened yogurt supplements . 
In the second experiment , when the ovaries were surgically removed in adult female rats , and local production of estrogens was suppressed with the aromatase inhibitor anastrozole , females fed the saccharin-sweetened yogurt consumed more energy and gained more weight than females fed the glucose-sweetened yogurt . 
However , when the ovaries were surgically removed prior to the onset of puberty ( at 24-25 days of age ) , females given saccharin-sweetened yogurt along with vehicle gained excess weight . 
In contrast , weight gain was similar in those given saccharin-sweetened and glucose-sweetened yogurt along with anastrozole . 
The results suggest that behavioral differences between males and females in response to disruption of sweet→calorie relations may result from differences in patterns of local estrogen production . 
These differences may be established developmentally during the pubertal period in females . Coagulation factor IX is a serine protease for which high-level expression of biologically active protein in heterologous cells is limited due to inefficient proteolytic removal of the propeptide as well as vitamin K-dependent carboxylation of multiple amino-terminal glutamic acid residues . 
We have overexpressed the vitamin K-dependent gamma-carboxylase cDNA and monitored its ability to improve factor IX processing in Chinese hamster ovary ( CHO ) cells . 
From amino acid sequence analysis of bovine liver vitamin K-dependent gamma-carboxylase , degenerate oligonucleotides were used to isolate a 3 . 5-kbp bovine cDNA that encoded a 758-residue open reading frame . 
Expression of the cDNA in COS-1 and CHO cells yielded 17- and 16-fold increases in the in vitro gamma-carboxylase activity of microsomal preparations , respectively . 
Anti-serum raised against a predicted peptide sequence reacted with a 94-kDa polypeptide in the partially purified bovine liver preparation as well as in stably transfected CHO cells . 
The amount of antibody reactivity correlated with the increased ability to carboxylate a peptide substrate in vitro . 
These results strongly support the conclusion that the cDNA encodes the vitamin K-dependent gamma-carboxylase . 
Transient transfection of the gamma-carboxylase expression vector into factor IX-expressing CHO cells did not improve the specific procoagulant activity of secreted factor IX . 
In contrast , transfection of an expression vector encoding the propeptide processing enzyme PACE ( paired basic amino acid cleaving enzyme ) did improve the specific activity of secreted factor IX by 3-fold . 
These results demonstrate that the ability of CHO cells to modify glutamic acid residues to gamma-carboxyglutamic acid in secreted factor IX is not limited by the expression of the vitamin K-dependent gamma-carboxylase alone . [ Mammalian target of rapamycin , its mode of action and clinical response in metastatic clear cell carcinoma ] . Targeting RET to induce medullary thyroid cancer cell apoptosis : an antagonistic interplay between PI3K / Akt and p38MAPK / caspase-8 pathways . Yohimbine is a potent and selective alpha2- versus alpha1-adrenoceptor antagonist . 
To date , drugs with high specificity for the alpha2-adrenoceptor show marginal selectivity among the three alpha2-adrenoceptor subtypes . 
Initial studies showed that yohimbine was about 4- and 15-fold more selective for the human alpha2C-adrenoceptor in comparison with the alpha2A- and alpha2B-adrenoceptors , respectively . 
To improve on this alpha2-adrenoceptor subtype selectivity , a series of yohimbine dimers ( varying from n = 2 to 24 spacer atoms ) were prepared and evaluated for receptor binding on human alpha2-adrenoceptor subtypes expressed in Chinese hamster ovary cells . 
Each dimeric analog showed higher affinities for alpha2A- and alpha2C-adrenoceptor versus the alpha2B-adrenoceptor; and yohimbine dimers with spacers of n = 2 , 3 , 4 , 18 , and 24 exhibited selectivity for the alpha2C-adrenoceptor . 
The yohimbine dimers n = 3 and n = 24 showed the highest potency and selectivity ( 32- and 82-fold . 
respectively ) for the alpha2C-adrenoceptor in receptor binding and in functional studies ( 42- and 29-fold , respectively ) measuring cAMP changes using a cell-based luciferase reporter gene assay . 
The dimers ( n = 3 and n = 24 ) had high selectivity ( >1000-fold ) for the alpha2C-adrenoceptor compared with the three alpha1-adrenoceptor subtypes . 
These findings demonstrate that the addition of spacer linkages to bivalent yohimbine molecules provides a successful approach to the development of ligands that are potent and highly selective for the alpha2C-adrenoceptor . In order to examine the site of action of an NR2B subtype-selective NMDA antagonist CP-101 , 606 , we investigated its analgesic effect in a rat model of neuropathic pain at various routes of administration . 
Mechanical allodynia was induced by chronic constriction injury ( CCI ) of the sciatic nerve in male Sprague-Dawley rats . 
Subcutaneous treatment of the animals with CP-101 , 606 at 10 mg / kg significantly inhibited CCI-induced mechanical allodynia . 
Intracerebroventricular injection of CP-101 , 606 at 10 , 30 and 100 nmol also inhibited the mechanical allodynia in a dose-dependent manner , the statistically significant effect being achieved at the highest dose tested ( 100 nmol ) without producing any behavioral abnormalities . 
However , intrathecal injection of CP-101 , 606 at a dose of 300 nmol failed to inhibit CCI-induced allodynia . 
A receptor binding assay using rat forebrain and spinal cord membrane preparations demonstrated that [ 3H ] CP-101 , 606 bound to the brain NR2B receptor with a greater extent compared to the spinal cord one . 
These findings suggest that the anti-allodynia effect of CP-101 , 606 is ascribable to blockade of NR2B receptors at the brain , but not at the spinal cord . 
In contrast , intrathecal injection of a non-selective NMDA antagonist , memantine , significantly inhibited CCI-induced mechanical allodynia at a dose of 300 nmol , indicating the difference in the site of action between the non-selective NMDA antagonist and the NR2B-specific NMDA antagonist . ( - ) -Pentazocine analgesia in mice : interactions with a sigma receptor system . Entecavir and JBP485 ( a dipeptide ) exhibit the antihepatitis activities and it is possible for the two drugs to be coadministered in the treatment of hepatitis . 
We aimed to elucidate whether entecavir was a substrate of OAT1 , OAT3 , OCT , and PEPT1 and to investigate the targets of drug-drug interactions between entecavir and JBP485 . 
Plasma and urine concentrations of entecavir following intravenous and oral administration in vivo , uptake of entecavir in kidney slices and transfected cells in vitro , were determined by LC-MS / MS . 
Following intravenous co-administration of entecavir and JBP485 in rats , entecavir AUC increased 1 . 93-fold , t1 / 2β was prolonged 2 . 08-fold , CLP decreased 49% , CLR decreased 73% , and accumulated urinary excretion decreased 54% . 
However , following oral co-administration , the entecavir Tmax and Cmax were not affected; the degree of change in other pharmacokinetic parameters ( AUC , t1 / 2β , CLP , and accumulated urinary excretion ) was similar to that of intravenous administration . 
The uptake of entecavir was nearly identical in hPEPT1- as in vector-HELA cells . 
In rat kidney slices , uptake of entecavir was markedly inhibited by p-aminohippurate , benzylpenicillin , JBP485 , and tetraethyl ammonium . 
In hOAT1- and hOAT3-HEK293 cells , uptake of entecavir was significantly higher compared to vector-HEK293 cells and was markedly inhibited by p-aminohippurate , benzylpenicillin , and JBP485 . 
Km and Vmax values of entecavir were 250 μM and 0 . 83 nmol / mg protein / 30s ( OAT1 ) and 23 μM and 1 . 1 nmol / mg protein / 30 s ( OAT3 ) , respectively . 
Entecavir is the substrate of OAT1 , OAT3 , and OCT . 
Moreover , OAT1 and OAT3 are the targets of DDI between entecavir and JBP485 . Further evidence of association between amphetamine response and SLC6A2 gene variants . The rates of inhibition of mouse acetylcholinesterase ( AChE; EC 3 . 1 . 1 . 7 ) by paraoxon , haloxon , DDVP and enantiomers of neutral alkyl methylphosphonyl thioates and cationic alkyl methylphosphonyl thiocholines were measured in the presence and absence of AChE peripheral site inhibitors : gallamine , d-tubocurarine , propidium , atropine and derivatives of coumarin . 
All ligands , except the coumarins , at submillimolar concentrations enhanced the rates of inhibition by neutral organophosphates , whereas inhibition rates by cationic organophosphates were decreased . 
When peripheral site ligand concentrations extended to millimolar concentrations the extent of the enhancement decreased , creating a well-shaped activation profile . 
Analysis of inhibition by DDVP revealed that peripheral site inhibitors increase the second-order reaction rates by increasing maximal rates of phosphorylation . 
These observations suggest that peripheral site ligands are capable of allosterically affecting the conformation of residues in the choline binding site of AChE , thus optimizing the position of the leaving group of uncharged organophosphates during the inhibition reaction . Regulation of μ-opioid receptors : desensitization , phosphorylation , internalization , and tolerance . Palbinone from Paeonia suffruticosa Protects Hepatic Cells via Up-regulation of Heme Oxygenase-1 . Evaluation of biological activities of a groundnut ( Apios americana Medik ) extract containing a novel isoflavone . Chloroacetic acid ( CA ) , a toxic chlorinated analog of acetic acid , is widely used in chemical industries as an herbicide , detergent , and disinfectant , and chemical intermediates that are formed during the synthesis of various products . 
In addition , CA has been found as a by-product of chlorination disinfection of drinking water . 
However , there is little known about neurotoxic injuries of CA on the mammalian , the toxic effects and molecular mechanisms of CA-induced neuronal cell injury are mostly unknown . 
In this study , we examined the cytotoxicity of CA on cultured Neuro-2a cells and investigated the possible mechanisms of CA-induced neurotoxicity . 
Treatment of Neuro-2a cells with CA significantly reduced the number of viable cells ( in a dose-dependent manner with a range from 0 . 1 to 3mM ) , increased the generation of ROS , and reduced the intracellular levels of glutathione depletion . 
CA also increased the number of sub-G1 hypodiploid cells; increased mitochondrial dysfunction ( loss of MMP , cytochrome c release , and accompanied by Bcl-2 and Mcl-1 down-regulation and Bax up-regulation ) , and activated the caspase cascades activations , which displayed features of mitochondria-dependent apoptosis pathway . 
These CA-induced apoptosis-related signals were markedly prevented by the antioxidant N-acetylcysteine ( NAC ) . 
Moreover , CA activated the JNK and p38-MAPK pathways , but did not that ERK1 / 2 pathway , in treated Neuro-2a cells . 
Pretreatment with NAC and specific p38-MAPK inhibitor ( SB203580 ) , but not JNK inhibitor ( SP600125 ) effectively abrogated the phosphorylation of p38-MAPK and attenuated the apoptotic signals ( including : decrease in cytotoxicity , caspase-3 / -7 activation , the cytosolic cytochrome c release , and the reversed alteration of Bcl-2 and Bax mRNA ) in CA-treated Neuro-2a cells . 
Taken together , these data suggest that oxidative stress-induced p38-MAPK activated pathway-regulated mitochondria-dependent apoptosis plays an important role in CA-caused neuronal cell death . In a recent study , magnetite was investigated for its potential to induce toxic effects and influence signaling pathways . 
It was clearly demonstrated that ROS formation leads to mitochondrial damage and genotoxic effects in A549 cells . 
On the basis of these findings , we wanted to elucidate the origin of magnetite-mediated ROS formation and its influence on the cell cycle of A549 and H1299 human lung epithelial cells . 
Concentration- and size-dependent superoxide formation , measured by electron paramagnetic resonance ( EPR ) , was observed . 
Furthermore , we could show that the GSH level decreased significantly after exposure to magnetite particles , while catalase ( CAT ) activity was increased . 
These effects were also dependent on particle size , albeit less pronounced than those observed with EPR . 
We were able to show that incubation of A549 cells prior to particle treatment with diphenyleneiodonium ( DPI ) , a NADPH-oxidase ( NOX ) inhibitor , leads to decreased ROS formation , but this effect was not observed for the NOX inhibitor apocynin . 
Soluble iron does not contribute considerably to ROS production . 
Analysis of cell-cycle distribution revealed a pronounced sub-G1 peak , which cannot be linked to increased cell death . 
Western blot analysis did not show activation of p53 but upregulation of p21 in A549 . 
Here , we were unexpectedly able to demonstrate that exposure to magnetite leads to p21-mediated G1-like arrest . 
This has been reported previously only for low concentrations of microtubule stabilization drugs . 
Importantly , the arrested sub-G1 cells were viable and showed no caspase 3 / 7 activation . Fisetin , a flavonol present in vegetables and fruits , possesses antioxidative and anti-inflammatory properties . 
In this study , we have demonstrated that fisetin prevents diet-induced obesity through regulation of the signaling of mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1 ( mTORC1 ) , a central mediator of cellular growth , cellular proliferation and lipid biosynthesis . 
To evaluate whether fisetin regulates mTORC1 signaling , we investigated the phosphorylation and kinase activity of the 70-kDa ribosomal protein S6 kinase 1 ( S6K1 ) and mTORC1 in 3T3-L1 preadipocytes . 
Fisetin treatment of preadipocytes reduced the phosphorylation of S6K1 and mTORC1 in a time- and concentration-dependent manner . 
To further our understanding of how fisetin negatively regulates mTORC1 signaling , we analyzed the phosphorylation of S6K1 , mTOR and Akt in fisetin-treated TSC2-knockdown cells . 
The results suggested that fisetin treatment inhibits mTORC1 activity in an Akt-dependent manner . 
Recent studies have shown that adipocyte differentiation is dependent on mTORC1 activity . 
Fisetin treatment inhibited adipocyte differentiation , consistent with the negative effect of fisetin on mTOR . 
The inhibitory effect of fisetin on adipogenesis is dependent of mTOR activity , suggesting that fisetin inhibits adipogenesis and the accumulation of intracellular triglycerides during adipocyte differentiation by targeting mTORC1 signaling . 
Fisetin supplementation in mice fed a high-fat diet ( HFD ) significantly attenuated HFD-induced increases in body weight and white adipose tissue . 
We also observed that fisetin efficiently suppressed the phosphorylation of Akt , S6K1 and mTORC1 in adipose tissue . 
Collectively , these results suggest that inhibition of mTORC1 signaling by fisetin prevents adipocyte differentiation of 3T3-L1 preadipocytes and obesity in HFD-fed mice . 
Therefore , fisetin may be a useful phytochemical agent for attenuating diet-induced obesity . Regulation of CD8 + T lymphocyte effector function and macrophage inflammatory cytokine production by retinoic acid receptor gamma . The role of trastuzumab in early stage breast cancer : current data and treatment recommendations . Controlling the Effective Surface Area and Pore Size Distribution of sp ( 2 ) Carbon Materials and Their Impact on the Capacitance Performance of These Materials . The mechanisms by which early chronic lead ( Pb ) exposure alter brain development have not been identified . 
We examined neuroimmune system effects in C57BL / 6J mice with Pb exposure , including levels that may be common among children in lower socioeconomic income environments . 
Pups were exposed via dams' drinking water from birth to post-natal day 28 to low , high or no Pb conditions . 
We compared gene expression of neuroinflammatory markers ( study 1 ) ; and microglial mean cell body volume and mean cell body number in dentate gyrus , and dentate gyrus volume ( study 2 ) . 
Blood Pb levels in exposed animals at sacrifice ( post-natal day 28 ) ranged from 2 . 66 to 20 . 31μg / dL . 
Only interleukin-6 ( IL6 ) differed between groups and reductions were dose-dependent . 
Microglia cell body number also differed between groups and reductions were dose-dependent . 
As compared with controls , microglia cell body volume was greater but highly variable in only low-dose animals; dentate gyri volumes in low- and high-dose animals were reduced . 
The results did not support a model of increased neuroinflammation . 
Instead , early chronic exposure to Pb disrupted microglia via damage to , loss of , or lack of proliferation of microglia in the developing brains of Pb-exposed animals . Human polymerase kappa uses a template-slippage deletion mechanism , but can realign the slipped strands to favour base substitution mutations over deletions . The purpose of this study is to investigate the effects of n-hexane extracts from bones and internal organs of Japanese eel , Anguilla japonica ( HEE ) , on cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) -dependent prostaglandin D2 ( PGD2 ) generation in stem cell factor ( SCF ) , IL-10 , plus LPS-induced mouse bone marrow-derived mast cells ( BMMCs ) and on passive cutaneous anaphylaxis ( PCA ) in mice . 
HEE suppressed SCF / IL-10 / LPS-induced PGD2 generation , and concomitantly reduced COX-2 protein expression dose-dependently . 
To understand the mechanistic basis for the inhibition of PGD2 generation by HEE , we examined the effects of HEE on upstream signaling pathways essential for COX-2 induction . 
HEE was found to inhibit the translocation of nuclear factor-κB ( NF-κB ) p65 subunit to the nucleus and its DNA-binding ability through the inhibition of TAK1 , IKK and IκB phosphorylation . 
Furthermore , HEE also attenuated mitogen-activated protein kinase ( MAPK ) -mediated regulation of DNA binding of activator protein-1 ( AP-1 ) . 
Moreover , oral administration of HEE inhibited anti-dinitrophenyl ( DNP ) IgE-induced PCA in a dose dependent manner . 
Taken together , the present study provides new insights into the anti-inflammatory activity of HEE , which could be a promising candidate to be used for an inflammatory therapy . Molecular mechanism regulating 24-hour rhythm of dopamine d3 receptor expression in mouse ventral striatum . The estrogenic effects of benzylparaben at low doses based on uterotrophic assay in immature SD rats . In the last couple of decades fungal infections have become a significant clinical problem . 
A major interest into fungal steroid action has been provoked since research has proven that steroid hormones are toxic to fungi and affect the host / fungus relationship . 
Steroid hormones were found to differ in their antifungal activity in ascomycetous fungi Hortaea werneckii , Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Aspergillus oryzae . 
Dehydroepiandrosterone was shown to be the strongest inhibitor of growth in all three varieties of fungi followed by androstenedione and testosterone . 
For their protection , fungi use several mechanisms to lower the toxic effects of steroids . 
The efficiency of biotransformation in detoxification depended on the microorganism and steroid substrate used . 
Biotransformation was a relatively slow process as it also depended on the growth phase of the fungus . 
In addition to biotransformation , steroid extrusion out of the cells contributed to the lowering of the active intracellular steroid concentration . 
Plasma membrane Pdr5 transporter was found to be the most effective , followed by Snq2 transporter and vacuolar transporters Ybt1 and Ycf1 . 
Proteins Aus1 and Dan1 were not found to be involved in steroid import . 
The research of possible targets of steroid hormone action in fungi suggests that steroid hormones inhibit ergosterol biosynthesis in S . 
cerevisiae and H . 
werneckii . 
Results of this inhibition caused changes in the sterol content of the cellular membrane . 
The presence of steroid hormones most probably causes the degradation of the Tat2 permease and impairment of tryptophan import . Anti-platelet therapy is a useful strategy to prevent acute thromboembolic artery occlusions . 
This study was designed to assess the efficacy of seselin derivatives against murine pulmonary thromboembolism , bleeding time , platelet activation and thrombosis . 
Administration of C3 ( 16 mg / kg ) offered 70% protection against collagen- and epinephrine-induced pulmonary thromboembolism and 30% protection against arachidonic acid-induced death in mice , without adversely affecting bleeding time . 
No significant difference was observed by C3 in ferric chloride-induced arterial thrombosis in rats . 
Significant reduction in thrombus weight was observed in arteriovenous shunt model . 
In rat PRP , C3 reduced ADP and collagen-induced platelet aggregation . 
In chronic hamster model of dyslipidemia , administration of C3 ( 16 mg / kg p . 
o . 
for 90 days ) had no effect on plasma lipids , vasoreactivity and platelet adhesion . 
C3 fed hamsters showed reduced whole-blood aggregation response to ADP and collagen compared to HC-fed hamsters . 
In addition , C3 augmented thrombin time; however , time to occlusion was not increased . 
These results convincingly demonstrated that C3 is a novel molecule that reduces the risk of thrombosis and alleviates prothrombotic state associated with hyperlipidemia without any adverse effect on bleeding time . 
The high benefit / risk ratio of this compound makes it a suitable candidate for future valid studies . G protein-coupled receptors as direct targets of inhaled anesthetics . Impact of the virus purification protocol on aggregation and electrokinetics of MS2 phages and corresponding virus-like particles . BACKGROUND : Duloxetine hydrochloride has recently been approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of major depressive disorder ( MDD ) . 
Duloxetine is a potent inhibitor of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake , with weak effects on dopamine reuptake . 
OBJECTIVE : This article reviews the literature on duloxetine with regard to its pharmacodynamics , pharmacokinetics , clinical efficacy , and tolerability . 
METHODS : A comprehensive search of MEDLINE was performed using the terms duloxetine , Cymbalta , and major depressive disorder , with no restriction on year . 
The Eli Lilly and Company clinical trial registry , and abstracts and posters from recent American Psychiatric Association meetings were also reviewed . 
RESULTS : Duloxetine exhibits linear , dose-dependent pharmacokinetics across the approved oral dosage range of 40 to 60 mg / d . 
No dose adjustment appears to be needed based on age . 
Duloxetine has shown efficacy in reducing depressive symptoms compared with placebo , and duloxetine recipients have shown significant improvements in global functioning compared with placebo ( both , P < 0 . 05 ) . 
Response and remission rates have been comparable to or greater than those seen with fluoxetine or paroxetine . 
Duloxetine is generally well tolerated , with nausea , dry mouth , and fatigue being the most common treatment-emergent adverse effects . 
Cardiovascular adverse effects do not appear to result in sustained blood pressure elevations , QTc-interval prolongation , or other electrocardiographic changes . 
CONCLUSIONS : Based on the available evidence , duloxetine is a well-tolerated and effective treatment for MDD in adults . 
Randomized head-to-head comparisons against established antidepressants are needed to determine the relative safety and efficacy of duloxetine . In the present study we analyze the photobiological properties of 2 , 7 , 12-tris ( α-pyridinio-p-tolyl ) -17- ( p- ( methoxymethyl ) phenyl ) porphycene ( Py3MeO-TBPo ) in Hela cells , in order to assess its potential as a new photosensitizer for photodynamic therapy of cultured tumor cells . 
Using 0 . 5 μM Py3MeO-TBPo , flow cytometry studies demonstrated an increase of intracellular drug levels related to the incubation time , reaching a maximum at 18 h . 
LysoTracker ( ® ) Green ( LTG ) and MitoTracker ( ® ) Green ( MTG ) probes were used to identify the subcellular localization . 
Upon exposure to ultraviolet excitation , red porphycene fluorescence was detected as red granules in the cytoplasm that colocalized with LTG . 
No significant toxic effects were detected for Py3MeO-TBPo in the dark at concentrations below 1 μM . 
In contrast , Py3MeO-TBPo combined with red-light irradiation induced concentration- and fluence-dependent HeLa cells inactivation . 
Besides , all photodynamic protocols assayed induced a clear effect of cell detachment inhibition after trypsin treatment . 
Both apoptotic and necrotic cell death mechanisms can occur in HeLa cells depending on the experimental protocol . 
After 18 h incubation with 0 . 5 μM Py3MeO-TBPo and subsequent red light irradiation ( 3 . 6 J / cm ( 2 ) ) , a high number of cells die by apoptosis , as evaluated by morphological alterations , immunofluorescent relocalization of Bax from cytosol to mitochondria , and TUNEL assay . 
Likewise , immunofluorescence techniques showed that cytochrome c is released from mitochondria into cytosol in cells undergoing apoptosis , which occurs immediately after relocation of Bax in mitochondria . 
The highest amount of apoptosis appeared 24 h after treatment ( 70% ) and this cell death occurred without cell detachment to the substrate . 
In contrast , with 0 . 75 μM Py3MeO-TBPo and 3 . 6 J / cm ( 2 ) irradiation , morphological changes showed a preferential necrotic cell death . 
Singlet oxygen was identified as the cytotoxic agent involved in cell photoinactivation . 
Moreover , cell cultures pre-exposed to the singlet oxygen scavenger sodium azide showed pronounced protection against the loss of viability induced by Py3MeO-TBPo and light . 
Different changes in distribution and organization of cytoskeletal elements ( microtubules and actin microfilaments ) as well as the protein vinculin , after apoptotic and necrotic photodynamic treatments have been analyzed . 
Neither of these two cell death mechanisms ( apoptosis or necrosis ) induced cell detachment . 
In summary , Py3MeO-TBPo appears to meet the requirements for further scrutiny as a very good photosensitizer for photodynamic therapy : it is water soluble , has a high absorption in the red spectral region ( where light penetration in tissue is higher ) , and is able to induce effective high apoptotic rate ( 70% ) related to the more widely studied photosensitizers . RAIG1 , 2 , and 3 and GPCR5d represent a new subfamily of orphan G protein-coupled receptors . 
RAIG1 is expressed abundantly and specifically in the lung during development and in adult mice . 
During lung development , RAIG1 expression is initiated at E14 . 5 and gradually increases , reaching its highest levels at E18 . 
High levels of expression are maintained in adult lungs . 
Given its abundant lung-specific expression and role in retinoic acid signaling , we hypothesized that RAIG1 plays a role in epithelial cell differentiation during lung development . 
To determine RAIG1 function and track endogenous RAIG1 spatial expression , a null allele of Raig1 was generated and the lacZ gene was "knocked-in . 
" Although expression was detected in both proximal and distal epithelium during embryogenesis , it became restricted to type I and type II pneumocytes and the most distal bronchiolar cells in postnatal lungs . 
This is the first gene known to have this unique epithelial cell expression pattern . 
Despite this high level of expression , targeted inactivation of Raig1 did not cause significant developmental defects . 
Epithelial cell differentiation was normal and lung structure was intact . 
Analysis of other family members demonstrated some overlapping embryonic expression of RAIG3 mRNA that could have led to functional redundancy in the single RAIG1 null mutant mouse . 1 , 3 , 4-Oxadiazol-2-ones as fatty-acid amide hydrolase and monoacylglycerol lipase inhibitors : Synthesis , in vitro evaluation and insight into potency and selectivity determinants by molecular modelling . Comparative gene expression profiling of in vitro differentiated megakaryocytes and erythroblasts identifies novel activatory and inhibitory platelet membrane proteins . Enhanced excitability in the infralimbic cortex produces anxiety-like behaviors . Bone Morphogenetic Protein-7 inhibits silica-induced pulmonary fibrosis in rats . A variety of tumor suppressor genes are down-regulated by hypermethylation during carcinogenesis . 
Using methylated CpG amplification-representation difference analysis , we identified a DNA fragment corresponding to the Tazarotene-induced gene 1 ( TIG1 ) promoter-associated CpG island as one of the genes hypermethylated in the leukemia cell line K562 . 
Because TIG1 has been proposed to act as a tumor suppressor , we tested the hypothesis that cytosine methylation of the TIG1 promoter suppresses its expression and causes a loss of responsiveness to retinoic acid in some neoplastic cells . 
We examined TIG1 methylation and expression status in 53 human cancer cell lines and 74 primary tumors , including leukemia and head and neck , breast , colon , skin , brain , lung , and prostate cancer . 
Loss of TIG1 expression was strongly associated with TIG1 promoter hypermethylation ( P < 0 . 001 ) . 
There was no correlation between TIG1 promoter methylation and that of retinoid acid receptor beta2 ( RARbeta2 ) , another retinoic-induced putative tumor suppressor gene ( P = 0 . 78 ) . 
Treatment with the DNA methyltransferase inhibitor 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine for 5 days restored TIG1 expression in all eight silenced cell lines tested . 
TIG1 expression was also inducible by treatment with 1 micro M all-trans-retinoic acid for 3 days except in densely methylated cell lines . 
Treatment of the K562 leukemia cells with demethylating agent combined with all-trans-retinoic acid induced apoptosis . 
These findings indicate that silencing of TIG1 promoter by hypermethylation is common in human cancers and may contribute to the loss of retinoic acid responsiveness in some neoplastic cells . Nicotine-induced contraction in the rat coronary artery : possible involvement of the endothelium , reactive oxygen species and COX-1 metabolites . Aspartoacylase catalyzes hydrolysis of N-acetyl-l-aspartate to aspartate and acetate in the vertebrate brain . 
Deficiency in this activity leads to spongiform degeneration of the white matter of the brain and is the established cause of Canavan disease , a fatal progressive leukodystrophy affecting young children . 
We present crystal structures of recombinant human and rat aspartoacylase refined to 2 . 8- and 1 . 8-A resolution , respectively . 
The structures revealed that the N-terminal domain of aspartoacylase adopts a protein fold similar to that of zinc-dependent hydrolases related to carboxypeptidases A . 
The catalytic site of aspartoacylase shows close structural similarity to those of carboxypeptidases despite only 10-13% sequence identity between these proteins . 
About 100 C-terminal residues of aspartoacylase form a globular domain with a two-stranded beta-sheet linker that wraps around the N-terminal domain . 
The long channel leading to the active site is formed by the interface of the N- and C-terminal domains . 
The C-terminal domain is positioned in a way that prevents productive binding of polypeptides in the active site . 
The structures revealed that residues 158-164 may undergo a conformational change that results in opening and partial closing of the channel entrance . 
We hypothesize that the catalytic mechanism of aspartoacylase is closely analogous to that of carboxypeptidases . 
We identify residues involved in zinc coordination , and propose which residues may be involved in substrate binding and catalysis . 
The structures also provide a structural framework necessary for understanding the deleterious effects of many missense mutations of human aspartoacylase . Multidrug resistance ( MDR ) is a major obstacle to effective cancer therapy . 
The membrane transporter MDR-1 ( P-gp , ABCB1 ) , a member of the ATP-binding cassette ( ABC ) transporter family , effluxes anti-cancer drugs from cancer cells . 
Increased activity of MDR-1 is known to be the main mechanism for multidrug resistance . 
MDR-1 is known to be localized in the cholesterol- and sphingolipid-enriched plasma membrane microdomains , known as lipid rafts . 
Disruption of lipid rafts by cholesterol depletion alters lipid raft functions , indicating that cholesterol is critical for raft function . 
Because ginsenosides are structurally similar to cholesterol , in this study , we investigated the effect of Rp1 , a novel ginsenoside derivative , on drug resistance using drug-sensitive OVCAR-8 and drug-resistant NCI / ADR-RES and DXR cells . 
Rp1 treatment resulted in an accumulation of doxorubicin or rhodamine 123 by decreasing MDR-1 activity in doxorubicin-resistant cells . 
Rp1 synergistically induced cell death with actinomycin D in DXR cells . 
Rp1 appeared to redistribute lipid rafts and MDR-1 protein . 
Moreover , Rp1 reversed resistance to actinomycin D by decreasing MDR-1 protein levels and Src phosphorylation with modulation of lipid rafts . 
Addition of cholesterol attenuated Rp1-induced raft aggregation and MDR-1 redistribution . 
Rp1 and actinomycin D reduced Src activity , and overexpression of active Src decreased the synergistic effect of Rp1 with actinomycin D . 
Rp1-induced drug sensitization was also observed with several anti-cancer drugs , including doxorubicin . 
These data suggest that lipid raft-modulating agents can be used to inhibit MDR-1 activity and thus overcome drug resistance . In vitro study of intestinal transport of fluoride using the Caco-2 cell line . Design , synthesis and biological evaluation of new classes of thieno [ 3 , 2-d ] pyrimidinone and thieno [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] triazine as inhibitor of vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-2 ( VEGFR-2 ) . Pasireotide : A Review of Its Use in Cushing's Disease . Initial human experience with MK-462 ( rizatriptan ) : a novel 5-HT1D agonist . Glutathione peroxidase 1 and glutathione are required to protect mouse astrocytes from iron-mediated hydrogen peroxide toxicity . Lecithin in mixed micelles attenuates the cytotoxicity of bile salts in Caco-2 cells . D-serine , an endogenous co-agonist of NMDA receptors in vertebrate retina , may modulate glutamate sensitivity of retinal neurons . 
This study determined at the functional and molecular level the transport process responsible for D-serine in retinal Muller cells . 
RT-PCR and immunoblotting showed that serine racemase ( SR ) , the synthesizing enzyme for D-serine , is expressed in the rMC-1 Muller cell line and primary cultures of mouse Muller cells ( 1 degrees MCs ) . 
The relative contributions of different amino acid transport systems to d-serine uptake were determined based on differential substrate specificities and ion dependencies . 
D-serine uptake was obligatorily dependent on Na + , eliminating Na + -independent transporters ( asc-1 and system L ) for D-serine in Muller cells . 
The Na + : substrate stoichiometry for the transport process was 1 : 1 . 
D-serine transport was inhibited by alanine , serine , cysteine , glutamine , and asparagine , but not anionic amino acids or cationic amino acids , suggesting that D-serine transport in Muller cells occurs via ASCT2 rather than ASCT1 or ATB0 , + . 
The expression of mRNAs specific for ASCT1 , ASCT2 , and ATB0 , + was analyzed by RT-PCR confirming the expression of ASCT2 ( and ASCT1 ) mRNA , but not ATB0 , + , in Muller cells . 
Immunoblotting detected ASCT2 in neural retina and in 1 degrees MCs; immunohistochemistry confirmed these data in retinal sections and in cultures of 1 degrees MCs . 
The efflux of D-serine via ASCT2 by ASCT2 substrates was demonstrable using the Xenopus laevis oocyte heterologous expression system . 
These data provide the first molecular evidence for SR and ASCT2 expression in a Muller cell line and in 1 degrees MCs and suggest that D-serine , synthesized in Muller cells by SR , is effluxed via ASCT2 to regulate NMDA receptors in adjacent neurons . Cyclosporine A ( CsA ) is an immunosuppressive cyclic peptide that binds with a high affinity to 18 kDa human cyclophilin-A ( hCyPA ) . 
CsA and its several natural derivatives have some pharmacological potential in treatment of diverse immune disorders . 
More than 20 paralogues of CyPA are expressed in the human body while expression levels and functions of numerous ORFs encoding cyclophilin-like sequences remain unknown . 
Certain derivatives of CsA devoid of immunosuppressive activity may have some potential in treatments of Alzheimer diseases , Hepatitis C and HIV infections , amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , congenital muscular dystrophy , asthma and various parasitic infections . 
Here , we discuss structural and functional aspects of the human cyclophilins and their interaction with various intra-cellular targets that can be under the control of CsA or its complexes with diverse cyclophilins that are selectively expressed in different cellular compartments . 
Some molecular aspects of the cyclophilins expressed in parasites invading humans and causing diseases were also analyzed . In vitro biological activity of essential oils and isolated furanosesquiterpenes from the neglected vegetable Smyrnium olusatrum L . 
( Apiaceae ) . Role of fat body lipogenesis in protection against the effects of caloric overload in Drosophila . PUMA-G and HM74 are receptors for nicotinic acid and mediate its anti-lipolytic effect . Biomonitoring a human population inhabiting nearby a deactivated uranium mine . OBJECTIVE : To test the hypothesis that antibiotics leading to greater endotoxin release are associated with greater mortality in septic trauma patients . 
DESIGN : Post hoc analysis of data from a previously conducted prospective , randomized , multicenter study designed to evaluate the efficacy of interferon gamma in preventing infection and death in trauma patients . 
SETTING : Nine level I trauma centers . 
PATIENTS : Severely injured trauma patients at high risk for sepsis . 
Eighty percent ( N = 334 ) of the enrolled patients developed some manifestation of gram-negative sepsis , defined by the administration of gram-negative specific antibiotics . 
MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES : The in-hospital mortality rate of patients who received penicillin-binding protein 3 / tumor necrosis factor ( PBP3 / TNF ) -specific antibiotics associated with the greatest degree of endotoxin release and TNF production ( PBP3 / TNF group , n = 78 : aztreonam , ceftazidime , and cefotaxime sodium ) was compared with that of patients not receiving these agents ( non-PBP3 / TNF group , n = 256 ) . 
RESULTS : Mortality in the PBP3 / TNF group ( 17% ) was higher than in the non-PBP3 / TNF group ( 8% , P = . 02 ) . 
The two groups were similar in their mean ( + / - SD ) Injury Severity Scores ( 34 + / - 9 ) , ages ( 31 + / - 12 years ) , and initial degree of bacterial contamination . 
CONCLUSIONS : Antibiotics that are associated with greater release of endotoxin and production of TNF are also associated with greater mortality in septic trauma patients . 
Decisions regarding antibiotic administration may need to consider the endotoxin-releasing properties of antibiotics in addition to their antibacterial sensitivity spectrum . 
Prospective studies of the effect of endotoxin-releasing properties of antibiotics on mortality are warranted . Voltage-dependent calcium channels ( VDCCs ) are multimeric complexes composed of a pore-forming alpha ( 1 ) subunit together with several accessory subunits , including alpha ( 2 ) delta , beta , and , in some cases , gamma subunits . 
A family of VDCCs known as the L-type channels are formed specifically from alpha ( 1S ) ( skeletal muscle ) , alpha ( 1C ) ( in heart and brain ) , alpha ( 1D ) ( mainly in brain , heart , and endocrine tissue ) , and alpha ( 1F ) ( retina ) . 
Neuroendocrine L-type currents have a significant role in the control of neurosecretion and can be inhibited by GTP-binding ( G- ) proteins . 
However , the subunit composition of the VDCCs underlying these G-protein-regulated neuroendocrine L-type currents is unknown . 
To investigate the biophysical and pharmacological properties and role of G-protein modulation of alpha ( 1D ) calcium channels , we have examined calcium channel currents formed by the human neuronal L-type alpha ( 1D ) subunit , co-expressed with alpha ( 2 ) delta-1 and beta ( 3a ) , stably expressed in a human embryonic kidney ( HEK ) 293 cell line , using whole cell and perforated patch-clamp techniques . 
The alpha ( 1D ) -expressing cell line exhibited L-type currents with typical characteristics . 
The currents were high-voltage activated ( peak at + 20 mV in 20 mM Ba2 + ) and showed little inactivation in external Ba2 + , while displaying rapid inactivation kinetics in external Ca2 + . 
The L-type currents were inhibited by the 1 , 4 dihydropyridine ( DHP ) antagonists nifedipine and nicardipine and were enhanced by the DHP agonist BayK S- ( - ) 8644 . 
However , alpha ( 1D ) L-type currents were not modulated by activation of a number of G-protein pathways . 
Activation of endogenous somatostatin receptor subtype 2 ( sst2 ) by somatostatin-14 or activation of transiently transfected rat D2 dopamine receptors ( rD2 ( long ) ) by quinpirole had no effect . 
Direct activation of G-proteins by the nonhydrolyzable GTP analogue , guanosine 5'-0- ( 3-thiotriphospate ) also had no effect on the alpha ( 1D ) currents . 
In contrast , in the same system , N-type currents , formed from transiently transfected alpha ( 1B ) / alpha ( 2 ) delta-1 / beta ( 3 ) , showed strong G-protein-mediated inhibition . 
Furthermore , the I-II loop from the alpha ( 1D ) clone , expressed as a glutathione-S-transferase ( GST ) fusion protein , did not bind Gbetagamma , unlike the alpha ( 1B ) I-II loop fusion protein . 
These data show that the biophysical and pharmacological properties of recombinant human alpha ( 1D ) L-type currents are similar to alpha ( 1C ) currents , and these currents are also resistant to modulation by G ( i / o ) -linked G-protein-coupled receptors . Inhibition of human carboxylesterases hCE1 and hiCE by cholinesterase inhibitors . BACKGROUND : Multiple chemical sensitivity ( MCS ) , although poorly understood , is associated with considerable morbidity . 
AIM : To investigate potential biological mechanisms underlying MCS in a case-control study . 
METHODS : Two hundred and twenty-three MCS cases and 194 controls ( urban females , aged 30-64 years ) fulfilled reproducible eligibility criteria with discriminant validity . 
Routine laboratory results and serum levels of volatile organic compounds ( VOCs ) were compared . 
Dose-response relationships , a criterion for causality , were examined linking exposures to likelihood of case status . 
RESULTS : Routine laboratory investigations revealed clinically unimportant case-control differences in means . 
Confounder-adjusted odds ratios ( OR ) showed MCS was negatively associated with lymphocyte count and total plasma homocysteine , positively associated with mean cell haemoglobin concentration , alanine aminotransferase and serum vitamin B6 , and not associated with thyroid stimulating hormone , folate or serum vitamin B12 . 
More cases than controls had detectable serum chloroform ( P = 0 . 001 ) with the OR for detectability 2 . 78 ( 95% confidence interval = 1 . 73-4 . 48 , P < 0 . 001 ) . 
Chloroform levels were higher in cases . 
However , cases had significantly lower means of detectable serum levels of ethylbenzene , m&p-xylene , 3-methylpentane and hexane , and means of all serum levels of 1 , 3 , 5- and 1 , 2 , 3-trimethylbenzene , 2- and 3-methylpentane , and m&p-xylene . 
CONCLUSIONS : Our findings are inconsistent with proposals that MCS is associated with vitamin deficiency or thyroid dysfunction , but the association of lower lymphocyte counts with an increased likelihood of MCS is consistent with theories of immune dysfunction in MCS . 
Whether avoidance of exposures or different metabolic pathways in cases explain the observed lower VOC levels or the higher chloroform levels should be investigated . G protein dependent alterations in [ 125I ] iodocyanopindolol and + / - cyanopindolol binding at 5-HT1B binding sites in rat brain membranes . Mammalian cysteine dioxygenase ( CDO ) is a non-heme iron metalloenzyme that catalyzes the first committed step in oxidative cysteine catabolism . 
The active site coordination of CDO comprises a mononuclear iron ligated by the Nepsilon atoms of three protein-derived histidines , thus representing a new variant on the 2-histidine-1-carboxylate ( 2H1C ) facial triad motif . 
Nitric oxide was used as a spectroscopic probe in investigating the order of substrate-O2 binding by EPR spectroscopy . 
In these experiments , CDO exhibits an ordered binding of l-cysteine prior to NO ( and presumably O2 ) similar to that observed for the 2H1C class of non-heme iron enzymes . 
Moreover , the CDO active site is essentially unreactive toward NO in the absence of substrate , suggesting an obligate ordered binding of l-cysteine prior to NO . 
Typically , addition of NO to a mononuclear non-heme iron center results in the formation of an {FeNO}7 ( S = 3 / 2 ) species characterized by an axial EPR spectrum with gx , gy , and gz values of approximately 4 , approximately 4 , and approximately 2 , respectively . 
However , upon addition of NO to CDO in the presence of substrate l-cysteine , a low-spin {FeNO}7 ( S = 1 / 2 ) signal that accounts for approximately 85% of the iron within the enzyme develops . 
Similar {FeNO}7 ( S = 1 / 2 ) EPR signals have been observed for a variety of octahedral mononuclear iron-nitrosyl synthetic complexes; however , this type of iron-nitrosyl species is not commonly observed for non-heme iron enzymes . 
Substitution of l-cysteine with isosteric substrate analogues cysteamine , 3-mercaptopropionic acid , and propane thiol did not produce any analogous {FeNO}7 signals ( S = 1 / 2 or 3 / 2 ) , thus reflecting the high substrate specificity of the enzyme observed by a number of researchers . 
The unusual {FeNO}7 ( S = 1 / 2 ) electronic configuration adopted by the substrate-bound iron-nitrosyl CDO ( termed {ES-NO}7 ) is a result of the bidentate thiol / amine coordination of l-cysteine in the NO-bound CDO active site . 
DFT computations were performed to further characterize this species . 
The DFT-predicted geometric parameters for {ES-NO}7 are in good agreement with the crystallographically determined substrate-bound active site configuration of CDO and are consistent with known iron-nitrosyl model complexes . 
Moreover , the computed EPR parameters ( g and A values ) are in excellent agreement with experimental results for this CDO species and those obtained from comparable synthetic {FeNO}7 ( S = 1 / 2 ) iron-nitrosyl complexes . A novel secretory tumor necrosis factor-inducible protein ( TSG-6 ) is a member of the family of hyaluronate binding proteins , closely related to the adhesion receptor CD44 . Zymogen factor IX potentiates factor IXa-catalyzed factor X activation . Leptin is a 167 amino acid protein encoded by the obesity gene that is synthesized in adipose tissue and interacts with receptors in the hypothalamus linked to the regulation of appetite and metabolism . 
It is known to suppress appetite and increase energy expenditure . 
Cyproheptadine is a piperidine antihistamine that increases appetite through its antiserotonergic effect on 5-HT2 receptors in the brain . 
Although both leptin and cyproheptadine are effective in controlling appetite , their interaction has not been addressed in clinical studies . 
This study evaluated serum leptin concentrations in patients who received cyproheptadine to treat a variety of disorders . 
Sixteen patients aged 7 to 71 years ( mean , 26 . 25 years ) were given cyproheptadine 2 to 6 mg / day for a minimum of 7 days . 
Body weight was measured and blood samples were obtained at baseline and after 1 week of treatment . 
Serum leptin levels were determined by leptin radioimmunoassay . 
The mean body weight at baseline ( 52 . 59 kg ) did not differ significantly from that at 1 week after treatment ( 52 . 84 kg; P > . 05 ) , but the mean leptin level after 1 week of treatment with cyproheptadine ( 3 . 14 ng / mL ) was 14 . 2% higher than that at baseline ( 2 . 75 ng / mL; P < . 05 ) . 
This increase may suggest that both leptin and cyproheptadine may affect appetite via similar receptors and that cyproheptadine does not impair leptin activity through these receptors . 
Further study will be necessary to clarify this relationship . EGF receptor transactivation by urokinase receptor stimulus through a mechanism involving Src and matrix metalloproteinases . To study the roles of Na ( + ) -dependent H ( + ) transporters , we characterized H ( + ) efflux mechanisms in the pancreatic duct in wild-type , NHE2 ( - / - ) , and NHE3 ( - / - ) mice . 
The pancreatic duct expresses NHE1 in the basolateral membrane , and NHE2 and NHE3 in the luminal membrane , but does not contain NHE4 or NHE5 . 
Basolateral Na ( + ) -dependent H ( + ) efflux in the microperfused duct was inhibited by 1 . 5 microM of the amiloride analogue HOE 694 , consistent with expression of NHE1 , whereas the luminal activity required 50 microM HOE 694 for effective inhibition , suggesting that the efflux might be mediated by NHE2 . 
However , disruption of NHE2 had no effect on luminal transport , while disruption of the NHE3 gene reduced luminal Na ( + ) -dependent H ( + ) efflux by approximately 45% . 
Notably , the remaining luminal Na ( + ) -dependent H ( + ) efflux in ducts from NHE3 ( - / - ) mice was inhibited by 50 microM HOE 694 . 
Hence , approximately 55% of luminal H ( + ) efflux ( or HCO ( 3 ) ( - ) influx ) in the pancreatic duct is mediated by a novel , HOE 694-sensitive , Na ( + ) -dependent mechanism . 
H ( + ) transport by NHE3 and the novel transporter is inhibited by cAMP , albeit to different extents . 
We propose that multiple Na ( + ) -dependent mechanisms in the luminal membrane of the pancreatic duct absorb Na ( + ) and HCO ( 3 ) ( - ) to produce a pancreatic juice that is poor in HCO ( 3 ) ( - ) and rich in Cl ( - ) during basal secretion . 
Inhibition of the transporters during stimulated secretion aids in producing the HCO ( 3 ) ( - ) -rich pancreatic juice . Reduced secondary cytokine induction by BAY 50-4798 , a high-affinity receptor-specific interleukin-2 analog . GIRK-like and TRPC-like conductances mediate thyrotropin-releasing hormone-induced increases in excitability in thalamic paraventricular nucleus neurons . Hemorrhagic cystitis is a common complication in children receiving cyclophosphamide , a chemotherapeutic alkylating agent . 
Acrolein is a urinary metabolite from cyclophosphamide and can induce hemorrhagic cystitis . 
Here , we investigated the effects and mechanisms of acrolein by intravesical instillation on urinary bladder muscle contractions and pathological alterations in rats . 
Acrolein instillation significantly increased the muscle contractions of rat bladder detrusor after 1 and 6 h but markedly decreased detrusor contractions after 24 h . 
Acrolein increased phosphorylated protein kinase C ( pan-PKC ) expressions in bladders after 1 and 6 h but inhibited it after 24 h . 
Inducible nitric oxide ( NO ) synthase ( iNOS ) protein expressions were markedly induced in bladders 24 h after acrolein treatment . 
Twenty-four-hour acrolein instillation increased the levels of nitrite / nitrate and interleukin-6 ( IL-6 ) in the urinary bladder . 
The iNOS inhibitors significantly inhibited the acrolein-increased nitrite / nitrate levels , but not IL-6 levels . 
IL-6-neutralizing antibodies effectively inhibited the acrolein-increased NOx levels . 
The increased detrusor contractions by 1-h acrolein treatment were significantly reversed by the PKC inhibitor RO32-0432 , and the decreased detrusor contractions by 24-h acrolein treatment were significantly reversed by the iNOS inhibitor and IL-6-neutralizing antibody . 
Both the iNOS inhibitor and IL-6-neutralizing antibody effectively reversed the increased iNOS expression , decreased PKC phosphorylation , increased bladder weight , and hemorrhagic cystitis in rats 24 h after acrolein treatment . 
Taken together , these results suggest that an IL-6-regulated iNOS / NO signaling pathway participates in the acrolein-triggered detrusor contraction inhibition and hemorrhagic cystitis . 
These findings may help us to find a new strategy to treat cyclophosphamide-induced hemorrhagic cystitis . Disrupted cytoskeletal homeostasis , astrogliosis and apoptotic cell death in the cerebellum of preweaning rats injected with diphenyl ditelluride . Acute bladder distension causes various morphological and functional changes , in part through altered gene expression . 
We aimed to investigate the physiological role of PTHrP , which is upregulated in an acute bladder distension model in female rats . 
In the control Empty group , bladders were kept empty for 6 h , and in the Distension group , bladders were kept distended for 3 h after an artificial storing-voiding cycle for 3 h . 
In the Distention group bladder , upregulation of transcripts was noted for three genes reported to be upregulated by stretch in the cultured bladder smooth muscle cells ( BSMC ) in vitro . 
Further transcriptome analysis by microarray identified PTHrP as the 2second highest gene upregulated in Distension group bladder , among more than 27 , 000 genes . 
Localization of PTHrP and its functional receptor , PTH / PTHrP receptor 1 ( PTH1R ) , were analyzed in the untreated rat bladders and cultured bladder cells using real-time RT-PCR and immunoblotting , which revealed that PTH1R and PTHrP were more predominantly expressed in smooth muscle than in urothelium . 
Exogenous PTHrP peptide ( 1-34 ) increased intracellular cAMP level in cultured BSMC . 
In organ bath study using bladder strips , the PTHrP peptide caused a marked reduction in the amplitude of spontaneous contraction , but caused only modest suppression for carbachol-induced contraction . 
In in vivo functional study by cystometrogram , the PTHrP peptide decreased voiding pressure and increased bladder compliance . 
Thus , PTHrP is a potent endogenous relaxant of bladder contraction , and autocrine or paracrine mechanism of PTHrP-PTH1R axis is a physiologically relevant pathway functioning in the bladder . Inhibition of vitellogenin gene induction by 2 , 3 , 7 , 8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin is mediated by aryl hydrocarbon receptor 2 ( AHR2 ) in zebrafish ( Danio rerio ) . Pharmacological activation of cloned intermediate- and small-conductance Ca ( 2 + ) -activated K ( + ) channels . High multivitamin intakes during pregnancy and postweaning obesogenic diets interact to affect the relationship between expression of PPAR genes and glucose regulation in the offspring . Synthesis , pharmacological evaluation and QSAR modeling of mono-substituted 4-phenylpiperidines and 4-phenylpiperazines . Role of adenosine salvage in wound-induced adenylate biosynthesis in potato tuber slices . BACKGROUND : The purpose of this study was to examine the utility of remnant uptake on postoperative radioiodine scans as an oncologic indicator after thyroidectomy for differentiated thyroid cancer ( DTC ) . 
METHODS : We conducted a retrospective review of patients undergoing total thyroidectomy for DTC and subsequent radioactive iodine ( RAI ) treatment . 
Of the eight surgeons included , three were considered high volume , performing at least 20 thyroidectomies per year . 
Patients with distant metastases at diagnosis or poorly differentiated variants were excluded . 
To control for the effect of varying RAI doses , the remnant uptake was analyzed as a ratio of the percentage uptake to the dose received ( uptake to dose ratio , UDR ) . 
Multivariate logistic regression was used to determine the influence of UDR on recurrence . 
RESULTS : Of the 223 patients who met inclusion criteria , 21 patients ( 9 . 42% ) experienced a recurrence . 
Those who recurred had a ten-fold higher UDR compared to those who did not recur ( 0 . 030 vs . 
0 . 003 , p = 0 . 001 ) . 
Similarly , patients with increasing postoperative thyroglobulin measurements ( 0 . 339 vs . 
0 . 003 , p<0 . 001 ) also had significantly greater UDRs compared to those with stable thyroglobulin . 
The UDRs of high volume surgeons were significantly smaller than low volume surgeons ( 0 . 003 vs . 
0 . 025 , p = 0 . 002 ) . 
When combined with other known predictors for recurrence , UDR ( OR 3 . 71 , C . 
I 1 . 05 - 13 . 10 , p = 0 . 041 ) was significantly associated with recurrence . 
High volume surgeons maintained a low level of permanent complications across all UDRs whereas low volume surgeons had greater permanent complications associated with higher uptake . Adult humans have about 25 trillion red blood cells ( RBCs ) , and each second we recycle about 5 million RBCs by erythrophagocytosis ( EP ) in macrophages of the reticuloendothelial system . 
Despite the central role for EP in mammalian iron metabolism , the molecules and pathways responsible for heme trafficking during EP remain unknown . 
Here , we show that the mammalian homolog of HRG1 , a transmembrane heme permease in C . 
elegans , is essential for macrophage iron homeostasis and transports heme from the phagolysosome to the cytoplasm during EP . 
HRG1 is strongly expressed in macrophages of the reticuloendothelial system and specifically localizes to the phagolysosomal membranes during EP . 
Depletion of Hrg1 in mouse macrophages causes attenuation of heme transport from the phagolysosomal compartment . 
Importantly , missense polymorphisms in human HRG1 are defective in heme transport . 
Our results reveal HRG1 as the long-sought heme transporter for heme-iron recycling in macrophages and suggest that genetic variations in HRG1 could be modifiers of human iron metabolism . There are reports of insulin overdose by injection , yet little is known regarding the potential harms of intentional oral ingestion of insulin . 
In this report , we describe a case of massive insulin ingestion and ensuing hypoglycemia . 
To our knowledge , there are no previously published cases of hypoglycemia caused by intentional insulin ingestion . 
A 51-year-old man intentionally ingested three 10-ml vials ( total of 3000 units ) of various insulins : one vial each of insulin aspart , lispro , and glargine . 
Four symptomatic hypoglycemic episodes , with blood glucose levels of 48 , 25 , 34 , and 40 mg / dl , occurred approximately 1 , 3 , 4 , and 5 hours , respectively , after ingestion . 
The hypoglycemia could not be explained other than the ingestion of the insulins . 
The patient was admitted for observation , and euglycemia occurred within 24 hours without any additional hypoglycemic episodes . 
Hypoglycemia treatment is reviewed in this case report , and factors that may affect systemic response of orally ingested insulin , including gastrointestinal absorption and insulin sensitivity , are discussed . 
In addition , the findings of our case report may provide useful insight into the development of novel oral insulin products that are currently in research . 
Despite poor bioavailability ( 1% ) when taken orally , insulin may produce symptomatic hypoglycemia with a massive ingestion . 
Vigilant blood glucose monitoring , supportive care with glucose replacement therapy , and admission to the hospital for observation may be required . BACKGROUND : Deficits in executive functions such as access to semantic / long-term memory have been shown in ecstasy users in previous research . 
Equally , there have been many reports of equivocal findings in this area . 
The current study sought to further investigate behavioural and electro-physiological measures of this executive function in ecstasy users . 
METHOD : Twenty ecstasy-polydrug users , 20 non-ecstasy-polydrug users and 20 drug-naïve controls were recruited . 
Participants completed background questionnaires about their drug use , sleep quality , fluid intelligence and mood state . 
Each individual also completed a semantic retrieval task whilst 64 channel Electroencephalography ( EEG ) measures were recorded . 
RESULTS : Analysis of Variance ( ANOVA ) revealed no between-group differences in behavioural performance on the task . 
Mixed ANOVA on event-related potential ( ERP ) components P2 , N2 and P3 revealed significant between-group differences in the N2 component . 
Subsequent exploratory univariate ANOVAs on the N2 component revealed marginally significant between-group differences , generally showing greater negativity at occipito-parietal electrodes in ecstasy users compared to drug-naïve controls . 
Despite absence of behavioural differences , differences in N2 magnitude are evidence of abnormal executive functioning in ecstasy-polydrug users . Autophagy is an important cellular process that mediates lysosomal degradation of damaged organelles , which is activated in response to a variety of stress-related diseases , including hypertension . 
The basal level of autophagy plays an important role in the maintenance of cellular homeostasis , whereas excessive autophagic activity leads to cell death and is considered as a contributing factor to several disorders . 
Recent works have demonstrated that Angiotensin- ( 1-7 ) [ Ang- ( 1-7 ) ] exerted its neuroprotective effects by modulating classic components of renin-angiotensin system associated with reducing oxidative stress and apoptosis in brains of spontaneously hypertensive rats ( SHRs ) . 
However , the effect of Ang- ( 1-7 ) on autophagic activity in brain of hypertensive individual remains unclear . 
In this study , Wistar-Kyoto rats received intracerebroventricular ( I . 
C . 
V . 
) infusion of artificial cerebrospinal fluid ( aCSF ) while SHRs received I . 
C . 
V . 
infusion of aCSF , Ang- ( 1-7 ) , Mas receptor antagonist A-779 , or angiotensin II type 2 receptor antagonist PD123319 for 4 weeks . 
Brain tissues were collected and analyzed by western blotting analysis , immunofluorescence assay , and transmission electron microscopic examination . 
Our study showed that infusion of Ang- ( 1-7 ) for 4 weeks inhibited the increase of microtubule-associated protein 1 light chain 3 ( LC3 ) -II and Beclin-1 levels , as well as the autophagosome formation in SHR brain . 
Meanwhile , the reduction of p62 expression in SHR brain was also reversed by Ang- ( 1-7 ) . 
Of note , the anti-autophagic effects of Ang- ( 1-7 ) were independent of blood pressure reduction and can be inhibited by A-779 and PD123319 . 
These findings suggest that treatment with Ang- ( 1-7 ) may be useful to prevent hypertension-induced excessive autophagic activation in brain . tert-Butylhydroquinone reduces lipid accumulation in C57BL / 6 mice with lower body weight gain . Three new lanostanoid triterpenes , 3β , 7β , 15β-trihydroxy-11 , 23-dioxo-lanost-8 , 16-dien-26-oic acid ( 1 ) , 3β , 7β , 15β-trihydroxy-11 , 23-dioxo-lanost-8 , 16-dien-26-oic acid methyl ester ( 2 ) , and 3β , 15β-dihydroxy-7 , 11 , 23-trioxo-lanost-8 , 16-dien-26-oic acid methyl ester ( 3 ) were isolated from the EtOAc extract of the fruiting bodies of Ganoderma tropicum . 
Their structures were elucidated on the basis of 1D and 2D NMR spectroscopy as well as MS . 
The bioassay of inhibitory activity against acetylcholinesterase ( AChE ) of these isolates was evaluated and compound 2 exhibited definite inhibitory activity against AChE . The propeptides of VEGF-D determine heparin binding , receptor heterodimerization , and effects on tumor biology . Acute renal failure from hemoglobinuric and interstitial nephritis secondary to iodine and mefenamic acid . Cisplatin ( CP ) is a widely used anticancer drug; however , it has several side effects such as nephrotoxicity . 
Ginger , the rhizome of Zingiber officinale , consumed since ancient times has numerous health benefits . 
The objective of this work was to evaluate the protective effect of ginger extract ( GE ) against CP-induced nephrotoxicity . 
CP group displayed a marked renal failure characterized by a significant increase in serum creatinine and blood urea nitrogen ( BUN ) levels in addition to severe histopathological and ultrastructural renal alterations . 
Also , CP group showed an increase in the immunohistochemical expression of Bax proapoptotic protein . 
In contrast , GE + CP group showed significant decrease in the elevated serum creatinine and BUN levels and an improvement in the histopathological and ultrastructural renal injury induced by CP . 
The overexpression of Bax proapoptotic protein was significantly decreased in the GE + CP group . 
Hence , the present results indicated that GE has a protective effect against CP-induced renal damage in rats . 
Thereby , such findings recommended the usage of GE to prevent and / or decrease the renal damage induced by CP chemotherapeutic treatment . We have employed in situ X-ray reflectivity ( IXRR ) to study the adsorption of a variety of proteins ( lysozyme , cytochrome c , myoglobin , hemoglobin , serum albumin , and immunoglobulin G ) on model hydrophilic ( silicon oxide ) and hydrophobic surfaces ( octadecyltrichlorosilane self-assembled monolayers ) , evaluating this recently developed technique for its applicability in the area of biomolecular studies . 
We report herein the highest resolution depiction of adsorbed protein films , greatly improving on the precision of previous neutron reflectivity ( NR ) results and previous IXRR studies . 
We were able to perform complete scans in 5 min or less with the maximum momentum transfer of at least 0 . 52 Å ( -1 ) , allowing for some time-resolved information about the evolution of the protein film structure . 
The three smallest proteins ( lysozyme , cytochrome c , and myoglobin ) were seen to deposit as fully hydrated , nondenatured molecules onto hydrophilic surfaces , with indications of particular preferential orientations . 
Time evolution was observed for both lysozyme and myoglobin films . 
The larger proteins were not observed to deposit on the hydrophilic substrates , perhaps because of contrast limitations . 
On hydrophobic surfaces , all proteins were seen to denature extensively in a qualitatively similar way but with a rough trend that the larger proteins resulted in lower coverage . 
We have generated high-resolution electron density profiles of these denatured films , including capturing the growth of a lysozyme film . 
Because the solution interface of these denatured films is diffuse , IXRR cannot unambiguously determine the film extent and coverage , a drawback compared to NR . 
X-ray radiation damage was systematically evaluated , including the controlled exposure of protein films to high-intensity X-rays and exposure of the hydrophobic surface to X-rays before adsorption . 
Our analysis showed that standard measuring procedures used for XRR studies may lead to altered protein films; therefore , we used modified procedures to limit the influence of X-ray damage . Previous studies by this research team proved that vasodilating prostaglandins ( PGs ) E1 , E2 and I2 inhibit carbonic anhydrase ( CA ) in vitro and in vivo , which suggested involvement of CA in gastric acid secretion inhibition and the increase of gastric mucosa blood flow produced by this group of PGs . 
Relying on these findings , as well as on our clinical observations , we studied in vitro and in vivo the effects of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( NSAIDs ) on CA I and CA II . 
We also followed in vitro the effects on these isozymes of NSAIDs associated to histamine , Ca , PGE2 and acetazolamide . 
The results show that the NSAIDs used here , which reduce the activity of cyclooxygenase and PG production , activated CA I and CA II in a dose-dependent manner by a mechanism of the noncompetitive type . 
Histamine and Ca added to NSAIDs amplified the activating effect of the latter on CA II . 
Association of PGE2 or acetazolamide to NSAIDs reduced NSAID-induced activation of CA I and CA II . 
Indomethacin abolished the inhibitory effect of acetazolamide on CA I and CA II . 
Our data imply that between CA and cyclooxygenase there is an inverse relationship , CA activation being accompanied by reduction of cyclooxygenase activity , a reduction achieved by the pH modifications induced by CA activation . 
In this way , cyclooxygenase , inhibition occurs "via CA , " with the pH variations it brings about . 17β-Estradiol ( E ( 2 ) ) protects several non-reproductive tissues from apoptosis , including skeletal muscle . 
We have shown that E ( 2 ) at physiological concentrations prevented apoptosis induced by H ( 2 ) O ( 2 ) in C2C12 skeletal myoblasts . 
As we also demonstrated the presence of estrogen receptors in mitochondria , the present work was focused on the effects of E ( 2 ) on this organelle . 
Specifically , we evaluated the actions of E ( 2 ) on the mitochondrial permeability transition pore ( MPTP ) by the calcein-acetoxymethylester / cobalt method using fluorescence microscopy and flow cytometry . 
Pretreatment with E ( 2 ) prevented MPTP opening induced by H ( 2 ) O ( 2 ) , which preceded loss of mitochondrial membrane potential . 
In addition , it was observed that H ( 2 ) O ( 2 ) induced translocation of Bax to mitochondria; however , in the presence of the steroid this effect was abrogated suggesting that members of the Bcl-2 family may be regulated by E ( 2 ) to exert an antiapoptotic effect . 
Moreover , E ( 2 ) increased mitochondrial manganese superoxide dismutase protein expression and activity , as part of a mechanism activated by E ( 2 ) that improved mitochondrial performance . 
Our results suggest a role of E ( 2 ) in the regulation of apoptosis with a clear action at the mitochondrial level in C2C12 skeletal myoblast cells . Computational models for predicting interactions with membrane transporters . The leading Alzheimer's disease ( AD ) therapeutics to date involves inhibitors of acetylcholinesterase ( AChE ) , which should , in principle , elevate cholinergic signaling and limit inflammation . 
In spite of the effectiveness in 20%-30% of AD patients , more attention has been paid to find new anti-AChE agents from medicinal plants . 
Galanthamine , contained in the bulbs and flowers of Galanthus and related genera like Narcissus , represents a good example . 
The aim of this study is to review the role of possible AChE inhibitors ( AChEI ) present in plants traditionally used in European medicine for improving memory . 
Starting from Galanthamine , properties of Melissa species , Salvia officinalis , Arnica chamissonis and Ruta graveolens are discussed to point to the role of these plants as potential sources for the development of therapeutic agents for AD . We examined the effects of anthocyanidins ( cyanidin , delphinidin , malvidin , peonidin , petunidin , pelargonidin ) on the aryl hydrocarbon receptor ( AhR ) -CYP1A1 signaling pathway in human hepatocytes , hepatic HepG2 and intestinal LS174T cancer cells . 
AhR-dependent reporter gene expression in transfected HepG2 cells was increased by pelargonidin in a concentration-dependent manner at 24h . 
Similarly , pelargonidin induced the expression of CYP1A1 mRNA up to 5-fold in HepG2 and LS174T cells relative to the induction by 5 nM 2 , 3 , 7 , 8-tetrachlorodibenzodioxin ( TCDD ) , the most potent activator of AhR . 
CYP1A1 and CYP1A2 mRNAs were also increased by pelargonidin in three primary human hepatocytes cultures ( approximately 5% of TCDD potency ) and the increase in CYP1A1 protein in HepG2 and LS174T cells was comparable to the increase in catalytic activity of CYP1A1 enzyme . 
Ligand binding analysis demonstrated that pelargonidin was a weak ligand of AhR . 
Enzyme kinetic analyses using human liver microsomes revealed inhibition of CYP1A1 activity by delphinidin ( IC50 78 μM ) and pelargonidin ( IC50 33 μM ) . 
Overall , although most anthocyanidins had no effects on AhR-CYP1A1 signaling , pelargonidin can bind to and activate the AhR and AhR-dependent gene expression , and pelargonidin and delphinidin inhibit the CYP1A1 catalytic activity . BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES : Activated tyrosine kinases are implicated in the pathogenesis of chronic and acute leukemia , and represent attractive targets for therapy . 
Sorafenib ( BAY43-9006 , Nexavar ) is a small molecule B-RAF inhibitor that is used for the treatment of renal cell carcinoma , and has been shown to have activity against receptor tyrosine kinases from the platelet-derived growth factor receptor ( PDGFR ) and vascular endothelial growth factor receptor ( VEGFR ) families . 
We investigated the efficacy of sorafenib at inhibiting mutants of the receptor tyrosine kinases PDGFRbeta , KIT , and FLT3 , which are implicated in the pathogenesis of myeloid malignancies . 
DESIGN AND METHODS : We tested the effect of sorafenib on the proliferation of hematopoietic cells transformed by ETV6-PDGFRbeta , FLT3 with an internal tandem duplication or D835Y point mutation , and the KIT ( D816V ) mutant . 
The direct effect of sorafenib on the activity of these kinases and their downstream signaling was tested using phospho-specific antibodies . 
RESULTS : We show that sorafenib is a potent inhibitor of ETV6-PDGFRbeta and FLT3 mutants , including some of the mutants that confer resistance to PKC412 and other FLT3 inhibitors . 
Sorafenib induced a cell cycle block and apoptosis in the acute myeloid leukemia cell lines MV4-11 and MOLM-13 , both expressing FLT3 with an internal tandem duplication , whereas no effect was observed on four other acute myeloid leukemia cell lines . 
The imatinib-resistant KIT ( D816V ) mutant , associated with systemic mastocytosis , was found to be resistant to sorafenib . 
INTERPRETATION AND CONCLUSIONS : These results warrant further clinical studies of sorafenib for the treatment of myeloid malignancies expressing activated forms of PDGFRbeta and FLT3 . Suramin is a hexasulfonated naphthylurea commonly used as antitrypanosomial drug and more recently for the treatment of malignant tumors . 
Here we show that suramin binds to human alpha-thrombin inhibiting both the hydrolysis of the synthetic substrate S-2238 ( IC50 = 40 microM ) , and the thrombin-induced fibrinogen clotting ( IC50 = 20 microM ) . 
The latter is completely reversed by albumin ( 30 mg mL ( -1 ) ) suggesting that , at therapeutic concentrations , suramin is unable to affect alpha-thrombin activity in the plasma . 
Kinetic analysis showed that suramin acts as a non-competitive inhibitor decreasing Vmax without changing the Km for S-2238 hydrolysis . 
Calorimetric studies revealed two distinct binding sites for suramin in alpha-thrombin . 
In addition , circular dichroism studies showed that suramin causes significant changes in alpha-thrombin tertiary structure , without affecting the secondary structure content . 
Interaction with alpha-thrombin resulted in an increased fluorescence emission of the drug . 
Complex formation was strongly affected by high ionic strength suggesting the involvement of electrostatic interactions . 
Altogether our data suggest that part of the biological activities of suramin might be related to alpha-thrombin inhibition at extra-vascular sites . Identification of novel dietary phytochemicals inhibiting the efflux transporter breast cancer resistance protein ( BCRP / ABCG2 ) . Testis-specific expression of the nuclear form of phospholipid hydroperoxide glutathione peroxidase ( PHGPx ) . Cholestatic effect of epigallocatechin gallate in rats is mediated via decreased expression of Mrp2 . Garlic has a variety of biologic activities , including anti-inflammatory properties . 
Although garlic has several biologic activities , some people dislike eating fresh raw garlic because of its strong taste and smell . 
Therefore , garlic formulations involving heating procedures have been developed . 
In this study , we investigated whether short-term heating affects the anti-inflammatory properties of garlic . 
Fresh and heated raw garlic extracts ( FRGE and HRGE ) were prepared with incubation at 25°C and 95°C , respectively , for 2h . 
Treatment with FRGE and HRGE significantly reduced the LPS-induced increase in the pro-inflammatory cytokine concentration ( TNF-α , IL-1β , and IL-6 ) and NO through HO-1 upregulation in RAW 264 . 7 macrophages . 
The anti-inflammatory effect was greater in FRGE than in HRGE . 
The allicin concentration was higher in FRGE than in HRGE . 
Allicin treatment showed reduced production of pro-inflammatory cytokines and NO and increased HO-1 activity . 
The results show that the decrease in LPS-induced NO and pro-inflammatory cytokines in RAW 264 . 7 macrophages through HO-1 induction was greater for FRGE compared with HRGE . 
Additionally , the results indicate that allicin is responsible for the anti-inflammatory effect of FRGE . 
Our results suggest a potential therapeutic use of allicin in the treatment of chronic inflammatory disease . The Janus family kinases ( JAKs ) , JAK1 , JAK2 , JAK3 , and TYK2 , are involved in cell growth , survival , development , and differentiation of a variety of cells , particularly immune cells and hematopoietic cells . 
They form a subgroup of the non-receptor protein tyrosine kinases . 
Activating mutations within each of the JAKs is associated with malignant transformations; the most common are mutations of JAK2 in polycythemia vera ( PV ) and other myeloproliferative neoplasms ( MPN ) . 
Identification of the V617F mutation of the JAK2 gene ( JAK2 V617F ) led to an important breakthrough in the understanding of MPN disease pathogenesis . 
The JAK2 V617F mutation is present in the majority of PV patients , and about 50% of patients with essential thrombocythemia ( ET ) and primary myelofibrosis ( PMF ) are affected . 
This mutation leads to hyperactivation of JAK2 , cytokine-independent signaling , and subsequent activation of downstream signaling networks . 
JAK2 ATP-competitive inhibitors that indirectly inhibit the JAK-STAT pathway are new candidates for the treatment of MPN . 
JAK2 inhibitors in development for the treatment of MPN have demonstrated clinical activity with minimal toxicity . 
These agents consistently alleviate constitutional symptoms and reduce spleen size in PMF and other MPN . 
However , some of these inhibitors have additional unique effects . 
Ruxolitinib causes a significant reduction in the level of pro-inflammatory cytokines . 
Another inhibitor , CYT387 , improves anemia . 
Many other JAK2 inhibitors such as TG101348 or SAR302503 , SB1518 , CEP701 and LY2784544 are now under investigation for MPN development . 
In contrast tasocitinib , a predominantly JAK3 inhibitor , is being evaluated in a number of inflammatory and immunological diseases , including rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , ulcerative colitis , dry eye disease and in kidney transplant patients . 
In conclusion the use of JAK inhibitors in MPN and some of the immune-mediated disorders is a promising new strategy for therapy . 
However , definitive data from ongoing and future preclinical and clinical trials will aid in better defining the status of these drugs in the treatment of these diseases . BACKGROUND : After considering the effects of 5-HT receptor agonists with different binding profiles on the symptoms of obsessive-compulsive disorder ( OCD ) , Zohar and Kindler hypothesized that the 5-HT ( 1D ) receptor was implicated in this disorder's pathophysiology . 
METHODS : We explored the 5-HT ( 1D ) hypothesis in a 5-day , random , double-blind , placebo-controlled trial of oral sumatriptan 100 mg / day in medication-free adults with OCD . 
We hypothesized that sumatriptan , a 5-HT ( 1D ) agonist , would diminish 5-HT release , thereby worsening OCD symptoms . 
We further hypothesized that by beginning to desensitize 5-HT ( 1D ) receptors , sumatriptan pretreatment would promote a faster response or an increased likelihood of response to subsequent treatment with a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor . 
RESULTS : The five sumatriptan subjects' OCD symptom worsening , as measured by the Yale-Brown scale ( upward arrow 17 . 6% ( S . 
D . 
14 . 6 ) ) , was significant when compared to the slight symptom decrease in the five placebo subjects ( downward arrow 5 . 2% ( S . 
D . 
4 . 9 ) , P<0 . 015 ) . 
The sumatriptan group did not exhibit a faster response or greater likelihood of response to a 90-day , open label trial of paroxetine . 
CONCLUSIONS : Longer term studies of the effects of 5-HT ( 1D ) agonists on OCD symptoms are indicated . 
Zolmitriptan , a potent 5-HT ( 1D ) receptor agonist with better penetration of the blood-brain barrier , may be a preferred challenge agent . RATIONALE : Phasic dopamine ( DA ) signaling underlies reward learning . 
Cholinergic and glutamatergic inputs into the ventral tegmental area ( VTA ) are crucial for modulating burst firing activity and subsequent phasic DA release in the nucleus accumbens ( NAc ) , but the specific VTA nicotinic receptor subtypes that regulate phasic DA release have not been identified . 
OBJECTIVE : The goal was to determine the role of VTA N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors ( NMDARs ) and specific subtypes of nicotinic acetylcholine receptors ( nAChRs ) in regulating phasic DA release in the NAc core . 
METHODS : Fast-scan cyclic voltammetry in anesthetized rats was combined with intra-VTA micro-infusion to evaluate the ability of glutamatergic and cholinergic drugs to modulate stimulated phasic DA release in the NAc core . 
RESULTS : VTA NMDAR blockade with AP-5 decreased , while VTA NMDAR activation with NMDA increased NAc peak phasic DA release . 
Intra-VTA administration of the nonspecific nAChR antagonist mecamylamine produced a persistent decrease in phasic DA release . 
Infusion of the α6-selective antagonist α-conotoxin MII ( α-ctx MII ) produced a robust , but transient decrease in phasic DA , whereas infusion of selective doses of either the α4β2-selective antagonist , dihydro-beta-erythroidine , or the α7 antagonist , methyllycaconitine , had no effect . 
Co-infusion of AP-5 and α-ctx MII produced a similar phasic DA decrease as either drug alone , with no additive effect . 
CONCLUSIONS : The results suggest that VTA α6β2 nAChRs , but not α4β2 or α7 nAChRs , regulate phasic DA release in the NAc core and that VTA α6β2 nAChRs and NMDA receptors act at a common site or target to regulate NAc phasic DA signaling . Nomifensine is an antidepressant agent that was removed from use because of a high incidence of hemolytic anemia . 
It contains an N-methyl-8-aminotetrahydroisoquinoline ring which has the potential to be oxidized to quaternary dihydroisoquinolinium and isoquinolinium ions , albeit such a transformation had not been previously observed . 
In this report , we demonstrate the conversion of nomifensine to a dihydroisoquinolinium ion metabolite by several human enzymes . 
Human liver microsomes supplemented with NADPH generated the dihydroisoquinolinium ion metabolite along with other hydroxylated metabolites , whereas when supplemented with t-butyl peroxide , only the dihydroisoquinolinium ion metabolite was observed . 
Monoamine oxidase A , but not monoamine oxidase B , catalyzed this reaction , as well as human hemoglobin supplemented with H2O2 . 
Human myeloperoxidase catalyzed this reaction in the presence of H2O2 , and activation of the reaction was observed when incubations were conducted in the presence of acetaminophen at concentrations relevant to those measured in humans . 
The reaction was also observed in human whole blood . 
The equilibrium between the dihydroisoquinolinium ion and carbinolamine was shown to have a pK of about 11 . 7 . 
The dihydroisoquinolinium ion was shown to react with cyanide and borohydride , but not glutathione . 
These findings suggest that the electrophilic nomifensine dihydroisoquinolinium metabolite , which can be generated by several enzymes , could be behind toxic responses to nomifensine such as hemolytic anemia and hepatotoxicity . Background : The toxicity related to thiopurine drug therapy for inflammatory bowel disease ( IBD ) varies widely among patients . 
Almost 15-30% of patients with IBD develop side effects during treatment , often bone marrow suppression . 
Several factors have been implicated in determining this toxicity , mainly individual genetic variation related to formation of active thiopurine metabolites . 
The aim was to identify genes involved in thiopurine-related myelosuppression . 
Materials & methods : A two-stage investigation of 19 , 217 coding SNPs ( cSNPs ) was performed in a Spanish ( Inflammatory Bowel Disease Group of Galicia [ EIGA ] ) cohort of 173 IBD patients , 15 with bone marrow suppression . 
The top 20 cSNPs identified in the first stage with p < 10 ( -3 ) for allelic test association and SNPs that define the common TPMT alleles were replicated in a different Spanish ( ENEIDA ) cohort ( 87 patients , 29 with bone marrow suppression ) . 
Results : Several cSNPs showed a significant p-value in the allelic joint analysis ( p-Cochran-Mantel-Haenszel test ≤2 . 55 × 10 ( -3 ) ) despite no cSNP passing correction for multiple testing in the first cohort . 
Of note is rs3729961 in the gene IL6ST , a transducer signal chain shared by many cytokines including IL6 ( p-value combined = 2 . 36 × 10 ( -4 ) , odds ratio [ 95% CI ] : 3 . 41 [ 1 . 71-6 . 78 ] ) . 
In addition , we detected association with rs3749598 in the FSTL5 gene that appears to interact with metalloproteases at the extracellular matrix level ( p-value combined = 4 . 89 × 10 ( -4 ) ) , odds ratio ( 95% CI ) : 3 . 67 ( 1 . 68-8 . 01 ) . 
Conclusion : We have identified IL6ST and FSLT5 as new bone marrow suppression susceptibility candidate genes after thiopurine treatment in IBD patients . 
This is the first report of variants associated with thiopurine-related myelosuppression that was identified by a genome-wide association study . 
Its validation awaits functional analyses and replication in additional studies . 
Original submitted 14 September 2012; Revision submitted 13 February 2013 . OBJECTIVE : Mutations in the cardiac sodium channel gene , SCN5A , cause congenital long QT syndrome ( LQT3 ) , Brugada syndrome , idiopathic ventricular fibrillation , and conduction disease by distinct cellular and clinical electrophysiological phenotypes . 
METHODS : Postmortem molecular analysis of SCN5A was conducted on an infant who presented shortly after birth with self-terminating torsades de pointes . 
The infant was treated with lidocaine , propranolol , and mexiletine and was stable for 16 months manifesting only a prolonged QT interval . 
The infant collapsed suddenly following presumed viral gastroenteritis , was found in 2 : 1 AV block , and was subsequently declared brain dead . 
Genomic DNA was subjected to SCN5A mutational analyses and DNA sequencing revealing a novel , spontaneous germline missense mutation , M1766L . 
The M1766L mutation was engineered into the hH1a clone by site-directed mutagenesis , transfected into embryonic kidney cells ( HEK-293 ) , and studied by voltage clamp . 
RESULTS : The M1766L mutation caused a significant decrease in the sodium channel expression . 
Co-expression with beta1 subunit , incubation at low temperature , and most effectively incubation with mexiletine partially 'rescued' the defective expression . 
In addition to this pronounced loss of function , M1766L also showed a 10-fold increase in the persistent late sodium current . 
CONCLUSIONS : These findings suggest that M1766L-SCN5A channel dysfunction may contribute to the basis of lethal arrhythmias , displays an overlapping electrophysiological phenotype , and represents the first sodium channelopathy rescued by drug . Identification of the fused bicyclic 4-amino-2-phenylpyrimidine derivatives as novel and potent PDE4 inhibitors . Cerivastatin , an inhibitor of HMG-CoA reductase , inhibits the signaling pathways involved in the invasiveness and metastatic properties of highly invasive breast cancer cell lines : an in vitro study . Glutathione peroxidases ( GPXs ) are a group of enzymes that regulate the levels of reactive oxygen species in cells and tissues , and protect them against oxidative damage . 
Contrary to most of their counterparts in animal cells , the higher plant GPX homologues identified so far possess cysteine instead of selenocysteine in their active site . 
Interestingly , the plant GPXs are not dependent on glutathione but rather on thioredoxin as their in vitro electron donor . 
We have determined the crystal structures of the reduced and oxidized form of Populus trichocarpaxdeltoides GPX5 ( PtGPX5 ) , using a selenomethionine derivative . 
PtGPX5 exhibits an overall structure similar to that of the known animal GPXs . 
PtGPX5 crystallized in the assumed physiological dimeric form , displaying a pseudo ten-stranded beta sheet core . 
Comparison of both redox structures indicates that a drastic conformational change is necessary to bring the two distant cysteine residues together to form an intramolecular disulfide bond . 
In addition , a computer model of a complex of PtGPX5 and its in vitro recycling partner thioredoxin h1 is proposed on the basis of the crystal packing of the oxidized form enzyme . 
A possible role of PtGPX5 as a heavy-metal sink is also discussed . The antinociceptive , anti-inflammatory , antipyretic effects along with gastric safety profile of parecoxib , a novel , potent selective cyclooxygenase-2 inhibiting prodrug , and those of ketorolac , a nonselective cyclooxygenase inhibitor , were evaluated in various animal models . 
Parecoxib ( up to 20 mg / kg , i . 
v . 
) had no effect in two acute pain models , namely , the acetic acid-induced writhing ( visceral pain ) and the formalin test ( tonic pain ) . 
However , ketorolac ( up to 10 mg / kg , i . 
v . 
) showed marked antinociceptive effects in these models . 
In the models of carrageenan-provoked inflammatory hyperalgesia and inflammation , and in lipopolysaccharide-induced pyrexia , parecoxib significantly reversed all the behavioral changes and it was found to be more potent than ketorolac . 
Further , ketorolac ( 10 mg / kg , i . 
v . 
) produced visible gastric lesions with prominent petechiae and hemorrhagic streaks . 
However , parecoxib was without any effect on gastric mucosa . 
The present results showed that the cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor , parecoxib , when administered parenterally , has potent antihyperalgesic , anti-inflammatory , antipyretic effects and has a better safety profile than with ketorolac , with sparing of cyclooxygenase-1 in the stomach in these animal models . Punicalin is a kind of ellagitannin , existing in pomegranate husk , and has shown remarkable biological activities . 
A rapid and large-scale separation method of punicalin from pomegranate husk was established , using medium pressure liquid chromatography ( MPLC ) . 
The optimal mobile phase consisted of 5% methanol and 0 . 1% ( v / v ) TFA in water , and the optimal loading amount and flow rate were 1 . 0 g and 80 ml / min , respectively . 
Under this condition , 339 mg of 95 . 9% punicalin could be obtained in 40 min . 
59 . 7 mg of 78 . 0% gallic acid could be separated simultaneously . 
This method was practical for industrial utilisation of pomegranate husk . 
Afterwards , the antioxidant and protein-precipitating capacities of the purified punicalin , together with punicalagin , were evaluated . 
Results showed that punicalin had strong antioxidant activity , and it exhibited a low affinity for protein . 
This suggested that the antioxidant of punicalin would not be greatly masked by tannin-protein precipitation in application , and hence confirmed punicalin to be a promising antioxidant . Ghrelin inhibits sodium metabisulfite induced oxidative stress and apoptosis in rat gastric mucosa . Modafinil occupies dopamine and norepinephrine transporters in vivo and modulates the transporters and trace amine activity in vitro . Felbamate block of recombinant N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors : selectivity for the NR2B subunit . Role of the phytoestrogenic , pro-apoptotic and anti-oxidative properties of silymarin in inhibiting experimental benign prostatic hyperplasia in rats . Significance of peptide transporter 1 in the intestinal permeability of valacyclovir in wild-type and PepT1 knockout mice . Botulinum toxin A ( BTX-A ) is approved for treatment of chronic migraine and has been investigated in various other painful conditions . 
Recent evidence demonstrated retrograde axonal transport and suggested the involvement of CNS in antinociceptive effect of BTX-A . 
However , the mechanism of BTX-A central antinociceptive action is unknown . 
In this study we investigated the potential role of opioid receptors in BTX-A's antinociceptive activity . 
In formalin-induced inflammatory pain we assessed the effect of opioid antagonists on antinociceptive activity of BTX-A . 
Naltrexone was injected subcutaneously ( 0 . 02-2 mg / kg ) or intrathecally ( 0 . 07 μg / 10 μl-350 μg / 10 μl ) , while selective μ-antagonist naloxonazine was administered intraperitoneally ( 5 mg / kg ) prior to nociceptive testing . 
The influence of naltrexone ( 2 mg / kg s . 
c . 
) on BTX-A antinociceptive activity was examined additionally in an experimental neuropathy induced by partial sciatic nerve transection . 
To investigate the effects of naltrexone and BTX-A on neuronal activation in spinal cord , c-Fos expression was immunohistochemically examined in a model of formalin-induced pain . 
Antinociceptive effects of BTX-A in formalin and sciatic nerve transection-induced pain were prevented by non-selective opioid antagonist naltrexone . 
Similarly , BTX-A-induced pain reduction was abolished by low dose of intrathecal naltrexone and by selective μ-antagonist naloxonazine . 
BTX-A-induced decrease in dorsal horn c-Fos expression was prevented by naltrexone . 
Prevention of BTX-A effects on pain and c-Fos expression by opioid antagonists suggest that the central antinociceptive action of BTX-A might be associated with the activity of endogenous opioid system ( involving μ-opioid receptor ) . 
These results provide first insights into the mechanism of BTX-A's central antinociceptive activity . The present study shows significant correlations between the EC50 for PPARγ activation in a reporter gene cell line and resistin downregulation in mouse adipocytes , and between the IC50 for resistin downregulation and the already published minimum effective dose for antihyperglycemic activity in a mouse model . 
These correlations indicate that PPARγ mediated downregulation of resistin might promote insulin sensitivity and that downregulation of resistin in mouse adipocytes provides an adequate and possibly more direct bioassay for screening of newly developed antihyperglycemic compounds . 
Because of the higher throughput of the PPARγ the resistin downregulation assays seems most suitable to be used as a second tier in a tiered screening strategy . Topoisomerase IIalpha is a target for many chemotherapeutic agents in clinical use . 
To define mechanisms of resistance and regions crucial for the function of topoisomerase IIalpha , drug-resistant cell lines have been isolated following exposure to topoisomerase II poisons . 
Two resistant sublines , T47D-VP and MCF-7-VP , were isolated from human carcinoma cell lines following exposure to 300 or 500 ng / ml etoposide ( VP-16 ) . 
Cytotoxicity studies confirmed resistance to etoposide and other topoisomerase II poisons . 
KCl-sodium dodecyl sulfate ( K-SDS ) precipitation assays using intact cells showed reduced DNA-topoisomerase II complex formation following VP-16 or amsacrine ( m-AMSA ) . 
RNAse protection analysis identified a deletion of 200 base pairs in the topoisomerase IIalpha cDNA of T47D-VP and rising dbl quote , left ( low ) AA insertion" in the topoisomerase IIalpha cDNA of MCF-7-VP . 
Reduced topoisomerase IIalpha mRNA and protein levels were observed in both cell lines . 
It was somewhat surprising to find that nuclear extracts from T47D-VP and MCF-7-VP cells had comparable topoisomerase II activity to that of parental cells . 
Analysis of the extent of phosphorylation demonstrated that topoisomerase IIalpha from the resistant cells was relatively hypophosphorylated compared to that of parental cells . 
In these cell lines , hypophosphorylation secondary to loss of a portion of the C-terminal domain of topoisomerase IIalpha mediated the restored activity , despite a fall in topoisomerase IIalpha mRNA and protein , and this resulted in cross resistance to topoisomerase II poisons . Modified expression of coagulation factor VIII by addition of a glycosylation site at the N terminus of the protein . Of all cancers , prostate cancer is the most sensitive to hormones : it is thus very important to take advantage of this unique property and to always use optimal androgen blockade when hormone therapy is the appropriate treatment . 
A fundamental observation is that the serum testosterone concentration only reflects the amount of testosterone of testicular origin which is released in the blood from which it reaches all tissues . 
Recent data show , however , that an approximately equal amount of testosterone is made from dehydroepiandrosterone ( DHEA ) directly in the peripheral tissues , including the prostate , and does not appear in the blood . 
Consequently , after castration , the 95-97% fall in serum testosterone does not reflect the 40-50% testosterone ( testo ) and dihydrotestosterone ( DHT ) made locally in the prostate from DHEA of adrenal origin . 
In fact , while elimination of testicular androgens by castration alone has never been shown to prolong life in metastatic prostate cancer , combination of castration ( surgical or medical with a gonadotropin-releasing hormone ( GnRH ) agonist ) with a pure anti-androgen has been the first treatment shown to prolong life . 
Most importantly , when applied at the localized stage , the same combined androgen blockade ( CAB ) can provide long-term control or cure of the disease in more than 90% of cases . 
Obviously , since prostate cancer usually grows and metastasizes without signs or symptoms , screening with prostate-specific antigen ( PSA ) is absolutely needed to diagnose prostate cancer at an 'early' stage before metastasis occurs and the cancer becomes non-curable . 
While the role of androgens was believed to have become non-significant in cancer progressing under any form of androgen blockade , recent data have shown increased expression of the androgen receptor ( AR ) in treatment-resistant disease with a benefit of further androgen blockade . 
Since the available anti-androgens have low affinity for AR and cannot block androgen action completely , especially in the presence of increased AR levels , it becomes important to discover more potent and purely antagonistic blockers of AR . 
The data obtained with compounds under development are promising . 
While waiting for this ( these ) new anti-androgen ( s ) , combined treatment with castration and a pure anti-androgen ( bicalutamide , flutamide or nilutamide ) is the only available and the best scientifically based means of treating prostate cancer by hormone therapy at any stage of the disease with the optimal chance of success and even cure in localized disease . G protein-coupled receptor ( GPCR ) structures are of interest as a means to understand biological signal transduction and as tools for therapeutic discovery . 
The growing number of GPCR crystal structures demonstrates that the extracellular loops ( EL ) connecting the membrane-spanning helices show tremendous structural variability relative to the more structurally-conserved seven transmembrane α-helical domains . 
The EL of the LPA ( 1 ) receptor have not yet been conclusively resolved , and bear limited sequence identity to known structures . 
This study involved development of a peptide to characterize the intrinsic structure of the LPA ( 1 ) GPCR second EL . 
The loop was embedded between two helices that assemble into a coiled-coil , which served as a receptor-mimetic folding constraint ( LPA ( 1 ) -CC-EL2 peptide ) . 
The ensemble of structures from multi-dimensional NMR experiments demonstrated that a robust coiled-coil formed without noticeable deformation due to the EL2 sequence . 
In contrast , the EL2 sequence showed well-defined structure only near its C-terminal residues . 
The NMR ensemble was combined with a computational model of the LPA ( 1 ) receptor that had previously been validated . 
The resulting hybrid models were evaluated using docking . 
Nine different hybrid models interacted with LPA 18 : 1 as expected , based on prior mutagenesis studies , and one was additionally consistent with antagonist affinity trends . Complexes of mono- , bi- ( RB ) , and tridentate ( RT ) receptors with a range of anions ( Cl ( - ) , Br ( - ) , I ( - ) , NO3 ( - ) , H2PO4 ( - ) , HSO4 ( - ) , and tosylate ( TsO ( - ) ) ) have been studied in the gas phase by both experimental and theoretical methods . 
Temperature dependent blackbody infrared radiative dissociation ( BIRD ) experiments were performed on complexes of C8F17I with Br ( - ) and I ( - ) , RB with I ( - ) , NO3 ( - ) , HSO4 ( - ) , H2PO4 ( - ) , and TsO ( - ) , and RT with I ( - ) , HSO4 ( - ) and TsO ( - ) and the observed Arrhenius parameters are reported here . 
Master equation modeling of the BIRD kinetics data was carried out to determine threshold dissociation energies . 
Geometry optimizations and thermochemistry calculations were performed using the B3LYP / 6-31 + G ( d , p ) level of theory . 
Additional single point energies were calculated using MP2 / 6-311 + + G ( 2d , p ) . 
Results were examined in terms of the binding order of various anions as well as the added binding strength from additional halogen bonding ( XB ) interactions . 
The relative binding energies of ions were generally consistent with the ordering previously reported from solution phase experiments; however , the relatively strong binding of H2PO4 ( - ) to the bidentate receptor contrasted the solution phase observation of oxoanions having weaker interactions when compared to halides . 
An increase in the energy required to remove the same anion from the tridentate receptor when compared to the bidentate and monodentate receptors is explained as being due to the increase in halogen bonding interactions . 
The possibility of mixed halogen and hydrogen bonded complexes were considered . The topology of the second extracellular loop ( ECL2 ) and its interaction with ligands is unique in each G protein-coupled receptor . 
When the orthosteric ligand pocket located in the transmembrane ( TM ) domain is occupied , ligand-specific conformational changes occur in the ECL2 . 
In more than 90% of G protein-coupled receptors , ECL2 is tethered to the third TM helix via a disulfide bond . 
Therefore , understanding the extent to which the TM domain and ECL2 conformations are coupled is useful . 
To investigate this , we examined conformational changes in ECL2 of the angiotensin II type 1 receptor ( AT1R ) by introducing mutations in distant sites that alter the activation state equilibrium of the AT1R . 
Differential accessibility of reporter cysteines introduced at four conformation-sensitive sites in ECL2 of these mutants was measured . 
Binding of the agonist angiotensin II ( AngII ) and inverse agonist losartan in wild-type AT1R changed the accessibility of reporter cysteines , and the pattern was consistent with ligand-specific "lid" conformations of ECL2 . 
Without agonist stimulation , the ECL2 in the gain of function mutant N111G assumed a lid conformation similar to AngII-bound wild-type AT1R . 
In the presence of inverse agonists , the conformation of ECL2 in the N111G mutant was similar to the inactive state of wild-type AT1R . 
In contrast , AngII did not induce a lid conformation in ECL2 in the loss of function D281A mutant , which is consistent with the reduced AngII binding affinity in this mutant . 
However , a lid conformation was induced by [ Sar ( 1 ) , Gln ( 2 ) , Ile ( 8 ) ] AngII , a specific analog that binds to the D281A mutant with better affinity than AngII . 
These results provide evidence for the emerging paradigm of domain coupling facilitated by long range interactions at distant sites on the same receptor . Mammals detect temperature with specialized neurons in the peripheral nervous system . 
Four TRPV-class channels have been implicated in sensing heat , and one TRPM-class channel in sensing cold . 
The combined range of temperatures that activate these channels covers a majority of the relevant physiological spectrum sensed by most mammals , with a significant gap in the noxious cold range . 
Here , we describe the characterization of ANKTM1 , a cold-activated channel with a lower activation temperature compared to the cold and menthol receptor , TRPM8 . 
ANKTM1 is a distant family member of TRP channels with very little amino acid similarity to TRPM8 . 
It is found in a subset of nociceptive sensory neurons where it is coexpressed with TRPV1 / VR1 ( the capsaicin / heat receptor ) but not TRPM8 . 
Consistent with the expression of ANKTM1 , we identify noxious cold-sensitive sensory neurons that also respond to capsaicin but not to menthol . Sunitinib , sorafenib and mTOR inhibitors in renal cancer . Methimazole ( MMI ) and propylthiouracil ( PTU ) are common antithyroid drugs for treating hyperthyroidism because the 2 drugs inhibit thyroid peroxidase ( TPO ) -catalyzed thyroid hormone formation . 
We studied whether the 2 drugs actually inhibit cellular TPO activity in cultured porcine follicles . 
Porcine follicles were cultured in the presence of 1 mU / mL thyrotropin ( TSH ) for 7 days . 
Then follicles were exposed to MMI or PTU in the presence of 0 . 1 microM Kl for 2 days . 
TPO activity was measured in the 100 , 000 x g-pellet of the thyroid sonicate by the guaiacol oxidation method . 
Exposure to MMI ( 1 microM and 10 microM ) or PTU ( 10 microM and 100 microM ) for 2 days caused a significant increase in cellular TPO activity; 100 microM MMI inhibited cellular TPO activity . 
The presence of cyclic adenosine monophosphate ( cAMP ) -generating system ( forskolin ) in TSH-free medium increased MMI-mediated TPO activity . 
Cyclohexamide inhibited MMI-mediated TPO activation , indicating that new protein synthesis is required for increased TPO activity . 
Reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction ( RT-PCR ) showed an increase in TPO mRNA by PTU or MMI . 
In conclusion , MMI and PTU at therapeutic concentrations can increase TPO mRNA and cellular TPO activity , although the 2 drugs inhibit the TPO-H2O2-mediated catalytic reaction . Differences in the ability of opioid drugs to promote regulated endocytosis of μ-opioid receptors are related to their tendency to produce drug tolerance and dependence . 
Here we show that drug-specific differences in receptor internalization are determined by a conserved , 10-residue sequence in the receptor's carboxyl-terminal cytoplasmic tail . 
Diverse opioids induce receptor phosphorylation at serine ( S ) 375 , present in the middle of this sequence , but opioids differ markedly in their ability to drive higher-order phosphorylation on flanking residues [ threonine ( T ) 370 , T376 , and T379 ] . 
Multi-phosphorylation is required for the endocytosis-promoting activity of this sequence and occurs both sequentially and hierarchically , with S375 representing the initiating site . 
Higher-order phosphorylation involving T370 , T376 , and T379 specifically requires GRK2 / 3 isoforms , and the same sequence controls opioid receptor internalization in neurons . 
These results reveal a biochemical mechanism differentiating the endocytic activity of opioid drugs . Heterocyclic and aromatic amine carcinogens are thought to lead to tumor initiation via the formation of DNA adducts , and bioactivation to arylhydroxylamine metabolites is necessary for reactivity with DNA . 
Carcinogenic arylhydroxylamine metabolites are cleared by a microsomal , NADH-dependent , oxygen-insensitive reduction pathway in humans , which may be a source of interindividual variability in response to aromatic amine carcinogens . 
The purpose of this study was to characterize the identity of this reduction pathway in human liver . 
On the basis of our findings with structurally similar arylhydroxylamine metabolites of therapeutic drugs , we hypothesized that the reductive detoxification of arylhydroxylamine carcinogens was catalyzed by NADH cytochrome b5 reductase ( b5R ) and cytochrome b5 ( cyt b5 ) . 
We found that reduction of the carcinogenic hydroxylamines of the aromatic amine 4-aminobiphenyl ( 4-ABP; found in cigarette smoke ) and the heterocyclic amine 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo [ 4 , 5-b ] pyridine ( PhIP; found in grilled meats ) was indeed catalyzed by a purified system containing only human b5R and cyt b5 . 
Specific activities were 56-346-fold higher in the purified system as compared to human liver microsomes ( HLM ) , with similar Michaelis-Menten constants ( K ( m ) values ) in both systems . 
The stoichiometry for b5R and cyt b5 that yielded the highest activity in the purified system was also similar to that found in native HLM ( approximately 1 : 8 to 1 : 10 ) . 
Polyclonal antisera to either b5R or cyt b5 significantly inhibited N-hydroxy-4-aminobiphenyl ( NHOH-4-ABP ) reduction by 95 and 89% , respectively , and immunoreactive cyt b5 protein content in individual HLM was significantly correlated with individual reduction of both NHOH-4-ABP and N-hydroxy-PhIP ( NHOH-PhIP ) . 
Finally , titration of HLM into the purified b5R / cyt b5 system did not enhance the efficiency of reduction activity . 
We conclude that b5R and cyt b5 are together solely capable of the reduction of arylhydroxylamine carcinogens , and we further hypothesize that this pathway may be a source of individual variability with respect to cancer susceptibility following 4-ABP or PhIP exposure . The objective of the study is to investigate whether dopamine D2 receptor occupancy by risperidone and plasma levels over time can account for therapeutic efficacy and the latency period to response . 
Thirty-eight examinations with ( 123 ) I-IBZM single photon emission computed tomography were performed on 22 patients with schizophrenia , at diagnosis , 48 h after starting risperidone treatment and at a stable dose . 
Risperidone plasma levels were determined and psychopathologic evaluations ( Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale , Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale ) were carried out . 
No differences in the striatal / occipital ( S / O ) ratio or plasma levels were found between examinations at the 48-h time point and when a stable dose level had been established , so these parameters could not account for the latency period required for clinical response . 
D2 receptor occupancy at 48 h correlated positively with clinical improvement after 2 weeks of treatment . 
Therefore , if these results are confirmed , D2 receptor occupancy at the beginning of treatment with risperidone may be a predictor of subsequent clinical response . BACKGROUND : In previous studies of cynomolgus monkey lung allograft recipients , we demonstrated significant immunosuppressive efficacy but reduced tolerability after combined treatment with high doses of microemulsion cyclosporine ( CsA ) and SDZ RAD ( 40-O- ( 2-hydroxyethyl ) -rapamycin ) . 
The current study was designed to compare efficacy and tolerability of a combination of low-dose CsA and high-dose SDZ RAD ( CTL group ) to triple therapy using the chimeric anti-interleukin-2 ( IL-2 ) receptor ( CD25 ) monoclonal antibody ( mAb ) basiliximab ( anti-IL-2 receptor mAb ) for induction therapy ( basiliximab : 5 mg intravenously on days 0 and 4 ) plus low-dose CsA and low-dose SDZ RAD for maintenance immunosuppression ( CD25 group ) . 
CsA and anti-IL-2 receptor mAb are drugs that reduce cytokine synthesis and block IL-2-mediated lymphocyte stimulation , respectively . 
SDZ RAD blocks lymphocyte stimulation by other cytokines ( e . 
g . 
, IL-15 ) that are not inhibited by anti-IL-2 receptor mAb . 
METHODS : Twelve unilateral lung transplants were performed . 
Recipients were observed for 49 days by daily weight assessment , hemograms , blood chemistries , radiographs , and lung biopsies . 
Monkeys were euthanized before day 49 in the event of excessive weight loss ( >25% ) or organ failure . 
Target CsA trough levels were 100-200 ng / ml . 
Target SDZ RAD trough levels in the CTL group ( no mAb ) were 20-40 ng / ml , and 10-20 ng / ml in the CD25 group . 
RESULTS : None of the monkeys in the CD25 group needed to be euthanized early due to signs of drug toxicity . 
In contrast , four monkeys in the CTL group were sacrificed on days 28-35 as a result of excessive weight loss ( n = 3 ) and renal functional impairment ( n = 1 ) . 
Three recipients in the CD25 group were euthanized on days 36 , 38 , and 46 as a result of persistent high fever associated with severe rejection . 
The median animal survival in the CTL group was 32 vs . 
46 days in the CD25 group ( P<0 . 04 ) . 
The only two long-term survivors in the CTL group showed moderate rejection at day 49 . 
The median rejection scores at day 14 ( A0 ) and day 28 ( A2 ) were identical in the two groups , despite the fact that the mean SDZ RAD trough level was significantly lower in the CD25 group ( CTL : 38 + / -3 ng / ml , CD25 : 18 + / -2 ng / ml , P<0 . 0001 ) . 
After basiliximab levels fell below the minimum therapeutic level ( 1 mg / ml ) on day 28 , the median rejection score at day 49 increased to A4 in the CD25 group . 
CONCLUSION : This is the first study to combine an anti-IL-2 receptor mAb with a drug from the rapamycin class plus CsA . 
Our study shows that induction therapy with basiliximab enabled SDZ RAD blood levels to be significantly reduced , which led to improved tolerability without the penalty of increased rejection . The neuropathologic mechanisms after exposure to lethal doses of nerve agent are complex and involve multiple biochemical pathways . 
Effective treatment requires drugs that can simultaneously protect by reversible binding to the acetylcholinesterase ( AChE ) and blocking cascades of seizure related brain damage , inflammation , neuronal degeneration as well as promoting induction of neuroregeneration . 
[ - ] -Huperzine A ( [ - ] -Hup A ) , is a naturally occurring potent reversible AChE inhibitor that penetrates the blood-brain barrier . 
It also has several neuroprotective effects including modification of beta-amyloid peptide , reduction of oxidative stress , anti-inflammatory , anti-apoptotic and induction and regulation of nerve growth factor . 
Toxicities at higher doses restrict the neuroporotective ability of [ - ] -Hup A for treatment . 
The synthetic stereoisomer , [ + ] -Hup A , is less toxic due to poor AChE inhibition and is suitable for both pre- / post-exposure treatments of nerve agent toxicity . 
[ + ] -Hup A block the N-methyl-d-aspartate ( NMDA ) -induced seizure in rats , reduce excitatory amino acid induced neurotoxicity and also prevent soman induced toxicity with minimum performance decrement . 
Unique combinations of two stereo-isomers of Hup A may provide an excellent pre / post-treatment drug for the nerve agent induced seizure / status epilepticus . 
We investigated a combination of [ + ] -Hup A with a small dose of [ - ] -Hup A ( [ + ] and [ - ] -Hup A ) against soman toxicity . 
Our data showed that pretreatment with a combination [ + ] and [ - ] -Hup A significantly increased the survival rate and reduced behavioral abnormalities after exposure to 1 . 2×LD50 soman compared to [ + ] -Hup A in guinea pigs . 
In addition , [ + ] and [ - ] -Hup A pretreatment inhibited the development of high power of EEG better than [ + ] -Hup A pretreatment alone . 
These data suggest that a combination of [ + ] and [ - ] -Hup A offers better protection than [ + ] -Hup A and serves as a potent medical countermeasure against lethal dose nerve agent toxicity in guinea pigs . Estrogen receptor-alpha gene transfer into bovine aortic endothelial cells induces eNOS gene expression and inhibits cell migration . Inhibitory effect of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors on the vesicular monoamine transporter 2 . Crystal structures of protein phosphatase-1 bound to motuporin and dihydromicrocystin-LA : elucidation of the mechanism of enzyme inhibition by cyanobacterial toxins . Some novel 1 , 3 , 4-trisubstituted pyrazoles were synthesized and screened for their anti-inflammatory and analgesic activities as well as their ulcerogenic liability . 
They showed anti-inflammatory and analgesic activities with better GIT tolerance than the standard drug phenylbutazone . 
In addition , IC50 values for 5e and 8e were recorded . 
Compound 5e was found to be the most active one as anti-inflammatory and analgesic agent . 
On the other hand , COX-1 / COX-2 isozyme selectivity was also done which showed equal inhibition to both isoforms . This review reports on the pharmacodynamics of the new antipsychotic risperidone . 
The primary action of risperidone is serotonin 5-HT2 receptor blockade as shown by displacement of radioligand binding ( Ki : 0 . 16 nM ) , activity on isolated tissues ( EC50 : 0 . 5 nM ) , and antagonism of peripherally ( ED50 : 0 . 0011 mg / kg ) and centrally ( ED50 : 0 . 014 mg / kg ) acting 5-HT2 receptor agonists in rats . 
Risperidone is at least as potent as the specific 5-HT2 receptor antagonist ritanserin in these tests . 
Risperidone is also a potent dopamine D2 receptor antagonist as indicated by displacement of radioligand binding ( Ki : 1 . 4 nM ) , activity in isolated striatal slices ( IC50 : 0 . 89 nM ) , and antagonism of peripherally ( ED50 : 0 . 0057 mg / kg in dogs ) and centrally acting D2 receptor agonists ( ED50 : 0 . 056-0 . 15 mg / kg in rats ) . 
Risperidone shows all effects common to D2 antagonists , including enhancement of prolactin release . 
However , some central effects such as catalepsy and blockade of motor activity occur at high doses only . 
Risperidone is 4-10 times less potent than haloperidol as a central D2 antagonist in rats and it differs from haloperidol by the following characteristics : predominant 5-HT2 antagonism; LSD antagonism; effects on sleep; smooth dose-response curves for D2 antagonism; synergism of combined 5-HT2 / D2 antagonism; pronounced effects on amphetamine-induced oxygen consumption; increased social interaction; and pronounced effects on dopamine ( DA ) turnover . 
Risperidone displays similar activity at pre- and postsynaptic D2 receptors and at D2 receptors from various rat brain regions . 
The binding affinity for D4 and D3 receptors is 5 and 9 times weaker , respectively , than for D2 receptors; interaction with D1 receptors occurs only at very high concentrations . 
The pharmacological profile of risperidone includes interaction with histamine H1 and alpha-adrenergic receptors but the compound is devoid of significant interaction with cholinergic and a variety of other types of receptors . 
Risperidone has excellent oral activity , a rapid onset , and a 24-h duration of action . 
Its major metabolite , 9-hydroxyrisperidone , closely mimics risperidone in pharmacodynamics . 
Risperidone can be characterized as a potent D2 antagonist with predominant 5HT2 antagonistic activity and optimal pharmacokinetic properties . Dimerization of HIV-1 protease subunits is essential for its proteolytic activity , which plays a critical role in HIV-1 replication . 
Hence , the inhibition of protease dimerization represents a unique target for potential intervention of HIV-1 . 
We developed an intermolecular fluorescence resonance energy transfer-based HIV-1-expression assay employing cyan and yellow fluorescent protein-tagged protease monomers . 
Using this assay , we identified non-peptidyl small molecule inhibitors of protease dimerization . 
These inhibitors , including darunavir and two experimental protease inhibitors , blocked protease dimerization at concentrations of as low as 0 . 01 microm and blocked HIV-1 replication with IC ( 50 ) values of 0 . 0002-0 . 48 microm . 
These agents also inhibited the proteolytic activity of mature protease . 
Other approved anti-HIV-1 agents examined except tipranavir , a CCR5 inhibitor , and soluble CD4 failed to block the dimerization event . 
Once protease monomers dimerize to become mature protease , mature protease is not dissociated by this dimerization inhibition mechanism , suggesting that these agents block dimerization at the nascent stage of protease maturation . 
The proteolytic activity of mature protease that managed to undergo dimerization despite the presence of these agents is likely to be inhibited by the same agents acting as conventional protease inhibitors . 
Such a dual inhibition mechanism should lead to highly potent inhibition of HIV-1 . Crystal structures of a poplar thioredoxin peroxidase that exhibits the structure of glutathione peroxidases : insights into redox-driven conformational changes . ATP-binding cassette transporter A1 is involved in hepatic alpha-tocopherol secretion . Gastric mucin secretion in response to beta-adrenergic G protein-coupled receptor activation is mediated by SRC kinase-dependent epidermal growth factor receptor transactivation . Alzheimer's disease ( AD ) is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder that is characterized by progressive loss of memory and cognitive impairment . 
Aggregation of amyloid-β ( Aβ ) peptides is the crucial factor in the onset of AD . 
The toxic Aβ peptides Aβ40 and Aβ42 are produced from the Aβ precursor protein ( APP ) , a transmembrane protein which is folded and modified in endoplasmic reticulum ( ER ) . 
ER is the main organelle for the synthesis and processing of nearly all proteins as well as the main cellular source of Ca2 + . 
Under stress conditions , three main ER pathways including inositol-requiring enzyme 1 , protein kinase RNA-like ER kinase , and activating transcription factor 6 become activated causing the accumulation of unfolded or misfolded proteins within ER lumen . 
These pathways manage the stress by regulating the expression of chaperones and enzymes involved in protein folding . 
Several studies have reported the dysfunction of these stress-sensing pathways in pathological conditions , including neurodegenerative diseases . 
Recent studies have proposed that neuronal death in AD arises from dysfunction of the ER . 
Here , we will review recent research findings on the interaction between ER and mitochondria , and its effect on apoptotic pathways . 
We further provide insights into studies which suggest the role of ER in animal and / or cellular models of AD . 
Therapeutic strategies that modulate ER could represent a promising approach for prevention or treatment of AD . By 2030 , nearly half of Americans will have nonalcoholic fatty liver disease . 
In part , this epidemic is fueled by the increasing consumption of caloric sweeteners coupled with an innate capacity to convert sugar into fat via hepatic de novo lipogenesis . 
In addition to serving as substrates , monosaccharides also increase the expression of key enzymes involved in de novo lipogenesis via the carbohydrate response element-binding protein ( ChREBP ) . 
To determine whether ChREBP is a potential therapeutic target , we decreased hepatic expression of ChREBP with a specific antisense oligonucleotide ( ASO ) in male Sprague-Dawley rats fed either a high-fructose or high-fat diet . 
ChREBP ASO treatment decreased plasma triglyceride concentrations compared with control ASO treatment in both diet groups . 
The reduction was more pronounced in the fructose-fed group and attributed to decreased hepatic expression of ACC2 , FAS , SCD1 , and MTTP and a decrease in the rate of hepatic triglyceride secretion . 
This was associated with an increase in insulin-stimulated peripheral glucose uptake , as assessed by the hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp . 
In contrast , ChREBP ASO did not alter hepatic lipid content or hepatic insulin sensitivity . 
Interestingly , fructose-fed rats treated with ChREBP ASO had increased plasma uric acid , alanine transaminase , and aspartate aminotransferase concentrations . 
This was associated with decreased expression of fructose aldolase and fructokinase , reminiscent of inherited disorders of fructose metabolism . 
In summary , these studies suggest that targeting ChREBP may prevent fructose-induced hypertriglyceridemia but without the improvements in hepatic steatosis and hepatic insulin responsiveness . We have developed a 3-dimensional human hemi-cornea which comprises an immortalized epithelial cell line and keratocytes embedded in a collagen stroma . 
In the present study , we have used MTT reduction of the whole tissue to clarify whether the production of this complex 3-D-model is transferable into other laboratories and whether these tissues can be constructed reproducibly . 
Our results demonstrate the reproducible production of the hemi-cornea model according to standard operation procedures using 15 independent batches of reconstructed hemi-cornea models in two independent laboratories each . 
Furthermore , the hemi-cornea tissues have been treated with 20 chemicals of different eye-irritating potential under blind conditions to assess the performance and limitations of our test system comparing three different prediction models . 
The most suitable prediction model revealed an overall in vitro-in vivo concordance of 80% and 70% in the participating laboratories , respectively , and an inter-laboratory concordance of 80% . 
Sensitivity of the test was 77% and specificity was between 57% and 86% to discriminate classified from non-classified chemicals . 
We conclude that additional physiologically relevant endpoints in both epithelium and stroma have to be developed for the reliable prediction of all GHS classes of eye irritation in one stand alone test system . Patients were entered into a randomized trial of prophylaxis for renal allograft rejection by the administration of an anti-human IL-2 receptor antibody , anti-Tac , during the first ten days posttransplant . 
Interleukin-2 receptor ( IL-2 R ) expression was measured using two anti-IL-2 R monoclonal antibodies ( moAbs ) , anti-Tac and 1HT4-4H3 . 
These two antibodies recognize closely spaced epitopes on the 55 kD chain of the IL-2 R . 
IL-2 R expression was examined on peripheral blood small lymphocytes in three groups of patients who received : ( A ) cyclosporine CsA and prednisone for baseline immunosuppression ( n = 9 ) ; ( B ) anti-Tac with CsA and prednisone as baseline immunosuppression ( n = 12 ) ; and ( C ) anti-Tac with azathioprine and prednisone as baseline immunosuppression ( n = 5 ) . 
We found that large numbers of T cells express IL-2 receptors despite the presence of anti-Tac ( average of IL-2 R-positive cells at day of peak IL-2 R expression 56 . 0 + / - 20 . 8% in group A , 65 . 2 + / - 26 . 6% in group B , 21 . 0 + / - 7 . 4% in group C ) . 
IL-2 R expression did not correlate with clinical activity , and the presence or accessibility of epitopes on the same 55 kD chain varied dramatically from patient to patient . Hepatic lipid accumulation and oxidative stress contribute to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease ( NAFLD ) . 
Thus , we hypothesized that the hypolipidemic and antioxidant activity of quercetin would attenuate events leading to NAFLD . 
Addition of 2 . 0mM oleic acid ( OA ) into the culture media induced fatty liver condition in HepG2 cells by 24h . 
It was marked by significant accumulation of lipid droplets as determined by Oil-Red-O ( ORO ) based colorimetric assay , increased triacylglycerol ( TAG ) and increased lipid peroxidation . 
The inflammatory cytokines TNF-α and IL-8 levels were significantly increased with decreased antioxidant molecules . 
OA induced insulin resistance which was evident by inhibition of glucose uptake and cell proliferation . 
Quercetin ( 10 μM ) increased cell proliferation by 3 . 05 folds with decreased TAG content ( 45% ) and was effective in increasing insulin mediated glucose uptake by 2 . 65 folds . 
The intracellular glutathione content was increased by 2 . 0 folds without substantial increase in GSSG content . 
Quercetin ( 10 μM ) decreased TNF-α and IL-8 by 59 . 74% and 41 . 11% respectively and inhibited generation of lipid peroxides by 50 . 5% . 
In addition , RT-PCR results confirmed quercetin ( 10 μM ) inhibited TNF-alpha gene expression . 
Further , superoxide dismutase , catalase and glutathione peroxidase activities were increased by 1 . 68 , 2 . 19 and 1 . 71 folds respectively . 
Albumin and urea content was increased while the alanine aminotransferase ( ALAT ) activity was significantly decreased by quercetin . 
Hence , quercetin effectively reversed NAFLD symptoms by decreased triacyl glycerol accumulation , insulin resistance , inflammatory cytokine secretion and increased cellular antioxidants in OA induced hepatic steatosis in HepG2 cells . Bisphenol A ( BPA ) and diethylstilbestrol ( DES ) are endocrine-disrupting chemicals that interact with the human pregnane X receptor ( PXR ) . 
CYP3A4 enzyme is essential in the hydroxylation of steroid hormones and is regulated by PXR . 
In the present study , human and rat hepatoma cell lines were exposed to BPA and DES . 
Both BPA and DES ( 10-50μM ) caused a significant activation of the CYP3A4 promoter via the PXR in the DPX2 human hepatoma cell line . 
No activation of rat PXR was seen . 
BPA and DES treated DPX2 cells demonstrated increased expression of CYP3A4 mRNA , and increased enzyme activity . 
In summary , BPA , in concentrations relevant to current safety levels of human exposure , activates the human PXR and demonstrates an increase in CYP3A4 mRNA expression and enzyme activity . 
BPA actions in this model system occur to a greater extent than DES . 
This study raises concerns regarding our current toxicity testing paradigms and species utilization . Thyroid hormone receptors / THR genes in human cancer . The matrix metalloproteinases ( MMPs ) are likely to contribute to tumor cell invasion , metastasis and angiogenesis . 
Several MMP inhibitors have been developed , recently and their anti-tumor efficacy is being evaluated in clinical trials . 
FYK-1388 is a novel broad MMP inhibitor which blocks the activity of MMP-1 , -2 , -3 , -7 , -9 , -13 and -14 ( MT-MMP-1 ) . 
It is especially effective against MMP-2 and -9 more so than other MMP inhibitors such as Marimastat , Ro 32-3555 and D-2163 . 
Here , we investigated the anti-tumor efficacy of FYK-1388 using the human fibrosarcoma cell line HT-1080 . 
These cells produced MMP-2 and -9 , which FYK-1388 inhibited at a dose of 10 ( -8 ) M . 
FYK-1388 at 0 . 2 mg / mouse / day significantly suppressed tumor growth when given by s . 
c . 
injection for 22 days , experimental lung metastasis after 5 days s . 
c . 
injection and also suppressed tumor-induced angiogenesis in the dorsal air sac assay after 7 days s . 
c . 
injection . 
In the MTT assay , FYK-1388 had no effect on the in vitro growth of HT-1080 cells . 
These results suggest that FYK-1388 possesses anti-tumor efficacy as a result of inhibiting angiogenesis through the suppression of MMP-2 and -9 activity . Three-finger toxins ( TFTs ) are the main venom components of snakes from Elapidae family . 
Amino acid sequences of more than five hundreds TFTs are determined; these toxins form one of the largest protein families present in snake venoms . 
The first TFT α-bungarotoxin was isolated almost half a century ago and so far it remains a valuable tool in the study of nicotinic acetylcholine receptors . 
TFTs possess diverse biological activities; for example , α-neurotoxins bind specifically with high affinity to nicotinic acetylcholine receptors , while cytotoxins induce non-specific lysis in great variety of cells . 
These toxins are widely used as instruments in different branches of life sciences . 
In this review the main landmarks in TFT study are considered . 
These are the discovery and isolation of TFTs , determination of their structure and mode of action as well as evolution and relationship within the family . Cyclin-dependent kinase 9 / cyclin T , the protein kinase heterodimer that constitutes positive transcription elongation factor b , is a well-validated target for treatment of several diseases , including cancer and cardiac hypertrophy . 
In order to aid inhibitor design and rationalize the basis for CDK9 selectivity , we have studied the CDK-binding properties of six different members of a 4- ( thiazol-5-yl ) -2- ( phenylamino ) pyrimidine-5-carbonitrile series that bind to both CDK9 / cyclin T and CDK2 / cyclin A . 
We find that for a given CDK , the melting temperature of a CDK / cyclin / inhibitor complex correlates well with inhibitor potency , suggesting that differential scanning fluorimetry ( DSF ) is a useful orthogonal measure of inhibitory activity for this series . 
We have used DSF to demonstrate that the binding of these compounds is independent of the presence or absence of the C-terminal tail region of CDK9 , unlike the binding of the CDK9-selective inhibitor 5 , 6-dichlorobenzimidazone-1-β-d-ribofuranoside ( DRB ) . 
Finally , on the basis of 11 cocrystal structures bound to CDK9 / cyclin T or CDK2 / cyclin A , we conclude that selective inhibition of CDK9 / cyclin T by members of the 4- ( thiazol-5-yl ) -2- ( phenylamino ) pyrimidine-5-carbonitrile series results from the relative malleability of the CDK9 active site rather than from the formation of specific polar contacts . Due to stimulated overall metabolism , a state of nutritional inadequacy often ensues , during thyrotoxicosis . 
We aimed to investigate circulating levels of some major components of the system that regulates energy stores , glucose , and fat metabolism , during thyrotoxicosis compared to euthyroidism . 
Fasting serum ghrelin , leptin , adiponectin , insulin , glucagon , glucose , as well as body fat composition were analyzed during thyrotoxicosis in 40 hyperthyroid patients ( 50 . 5 ± 15 . 2 years old , 22 females , 31 with Graves disease , and 9 with toxic nodular goiter ) . 
The same measurements were repeated an average 3 months later , when all patients achieved euthyroidism . 
Compared to euthyroidism , in thyrotoxicosis , patients had lower ghrelin and fat mass; had comparable insulin , HOMA-IR , glucagon , and leptin levels; higher levels of circulating adiponectin . 
Fasting serum glucose tended to be higher during thyrotoxicosis . 
The unique correlation of HOMA-IR was with the-glucagon to ghrelin ratio- ( r = 0 . 801 , p < 0 . 001 ) in hyperthyrodism , and with glucagon itself in euthyroidism ( r = -0 . 844 , p < 0 . 001 ) . 
Circulating levels of ghrelin are decreased; leptin , insulin , glucagon are unchanged; adiponectin are increased during hyperthyroidism . 
The fasting HOMA-IR tends to be higher , despite the decreased adiposity in hyperthyroidism . 
The-glucagon to ghrelin ratio-strongly correlates with fasting HOMA-IR in hyperthyroidism . An α-carbonic anhydrase ( CA , EC 4 . 2 . 1 . 1 ) has been identified , cloned , and characterized from the unicellular protozoan Trypanosoma cruzi , the causative agent of Chagas disease . 
The enzyme ( TcCA ) has a very high catalytic activity for the CO ( 2 ) hydration reaction , being similar kinetically to the human ( h ) isoform hCA II , although it is devoid of the His64 proton shuttle . 
A large number of aromatic / heterocyclic sulfonamides and some 5-mercapto-1 , 3 , 4-thiadiazoles were investigated as TcCA inhibitors . 
The aromatic sulfonamides were weak inhibitors ( K ( I ) values of 192 nM to 84 μM ) , whereas some heterocyclic compounds inhibited the enzyme with K ( I ) values in the range 61 . 6-93 . 6 nM . 
The thiols were the most potent in vitro inhibitors ( K ( I ) values of 21 . 1-79 . 0 nM ) , and some of them also inhibited the epimastigotes growth of two T . 
cruzi strains in vivo . Previous experimental and theoretical studies have established that electrokinetic and aggregation properties of soft MS2 phages are not only governed by the physico-chemical features of their proteinaceous outer surface but are also significantly impacted by those of their inner RNA component ( Dika et al . 
Appl . 
Environ . 
Microbiol . 
, 2011 , 14 , 4939-4948 ) . 
These conclusions contradict the recent findings of Nguyen et al . 
( Soft Matter , 2011 , 7 , 10449-10456 ) who reported identical electrokinetic and aggregation characteristics for MS2 and corresponding virus like particles ( VLPs ) that lack the internal RNA component . 
We demonstrate here that this contradiction originates from the different purification methods adopted prior to measurements . 
More generally , we show that stability and electrohydrodynamics of viruses differ according to purification by ( i ) dialysis , ( ii ) isopycnic centrifugation in the cesium chloride gradient , and ( iii ) precipitation using polyethylene glycol ( PEG ) . 
Methods ( i ) and ( iii ) lead to aggregation of MS2 phages at pH ≤ 4 and pH ≤ 6 in 1-100 mM NaNO3 solutions , respectively , while under such conditions aggregation is not observed for MS2 and VLP suspensions prepared according to ( ii ) . 
In addition , VLPs prepared following methods ( i ) and ( iii ) aggregate only at the isoelectric point ( pH ~ 3-4 ) in 1 mM NaNO3 solution . 
Electrophoretic mobility data of stable MS2 and VLP particles were further examined using a recent formalism for electrokinetics of soft multilayered colloids . 
The analysis qualitatively shows how the purification protocol may affect either the outer particle surface properties and / or the inner particle content . 
Finally , the non-DLVO aggregation behavior of MS2 and VLPs purified via the above protocols is discussed in terms of the possible change in corresponding interparticular interactions . Palmitate and lipopolysaccharide trigger synergistic ceramide production in primary macrophages . Influence of ovarian and non-ovarian estrogens on weight gain in response to disruption of sweet taste--calorie relations in female rats . A novel drug candidate is checked on its potency on animal models before it can advance to human phase of the research . 
Usually negative results on animal phase disqualify it . 
Targeting specific enzymes by small chemicals raises the question about the appropriateness of this approach . 
As an example , the urokinase ( uPA ) is recognized as an important enzyme responsible for cancer metastasis and angiogenesis . 
It is therefore important to ask the question if a small chemical will inhibit uPA of different species with the same or different potency . 
Using DNA sequence and known structure of uPA we have modeled 3D structures of uPAs for several different species . 
By theoretical calculations we have determined most probable structure of amiloride / uPAs complexes . 
Catalytic triad ( B57 , B102 , B195 ) and specificity pocket ( B187-B197 , B212-B229 ) are highly conserved in all cases , and are the regions responsible for proteolytic activity and recognition of the substrate . 
Significant differences were observed in a different region ( loop B93-B101 ) , that we identified as binding site of amiloride to the tissue plasminogen activator ( tPA ) . 
Although tPA shares the same function of activating plasminogen and it is structurally similar to uPA . 
Amiloride is a specific inhibitor of uPA but does not inhibit tPA . 
Our study shows that predicted position of amiloride depends on species and in some cases was located , as expected , in the specificity pocket , but in the other cases close to the loop B93-B101 . 
This location could weaken affinity of binding or prevent inhibition of uPA . 
Therefore , drug screening and elimination process based solely on animal study , without careful structural analysis , could lead to the elimination of potential drugs for humans . Candesartan cilexetil--a review of effects on cardiovascular complications in hypertension and chronic heart failure . [ Short QT syndrome ] . β-eudesmol , a natural sesquiterpenol present in a variety of Chinese herbs , is known to inhibit the proliferation of human tumor cells . 
However , the molecular mechanisms of the effect of β-eudesmol on human tumor cells are unknown . 
In the present study , we report the cytotoxic effect of β-eudesmol on the human leukemia HL60 cells and its molecular mechanisms . 
The cytotoxic effect of β-eudesmol on HL60 cells was associated with apoptosis , which was characterized by the presence of DNA fragmentation . 
β-eudesmol-induced apoptosis was accompanied by cleavage of caspase-3 , caspase-9 , and poly ( ADP-ribose ) polymerase; downregulation of Bcl-2 expression; release of cytochrome c from mitochondria; and decrease in mitochondrial membrane potential ( MMP ) . 
Activation of c-Jun N-terminal kinases ( JNK ) mitogen-activated protein kinases was observed in β-eudesmol-treated HL60 cells , and the inhibitor of JNK blocked the β-eudesmol-induced apoptosis , downregulation of Bcl-2 , and the loss of MMP . 
These data suggest that β-eudesmol induces apoptosis in HL60 cells via the mitochondrial apoptotic pathway , which is controlled through JNK signaling . 
Copyright © 2012 John Wiley & Sons , Ltd . Group I metabotropic glutamate receptors ( mGluR1 and 5 ) are G protein coupled receptors that regulate neuronal activity in a number of ways . 
Some of the most well studied functions of group I mGluRs , such as initiation of multiple forms of mGluR-dependent long-term depression , require receptor localization near the post-synaptic density ( PSD ) . 
This localization is in turn dependent on the Homer family of scaffolding proteins which bind to a small motif on the distal C-termini of mGluR1 and 5 , localize the receptors near the PSD , strengthen coupling to post-synaptic effectors and simultaneously uncouple the mGluRs from extra-synaptic effectors such as voltage dependent ion channels . 
Here the selectivity of this uncoupling process was examined by testing the ability of Homer-2b to uncouple mGluR1 from multiple voltage dependent calcium channels including Ca ( V2 . 2 ) ( N-type ) , Ca ( V3 . 2 ) ( T-type ) , and Ca ( V2 . 1 ) ( P / Q-type ) expressed in rat sympathetic neurons from the superior cervical ganglion ( SCG ) . 
Of these , only the mGluR1-Ca ( V2 . 1 ) modulatory pathway was insensitive to Homer-2b expression . 
Uncoupling from this channel was achieved by co-expression of an mGluR1 C-terminal protein designed to disrupt a previously described direct interaction between these two proteins , suggesting that this interaction allows incorporation of Ca ( V2 . 1 ) into the mGluR1 / Homer signaling complex , thereby preserving modulation in the presence of scaffolding Homer proteins . 
This article is part of a Special Issue entitled 'Metabotropic Glutamate Receptors' . This study proposes a FRAP assay adapted to FIA system with a merging zones configuration . 
The FIA system conditions were optimised with the response surface methodology using the central composite rotatable design . 
The optimisation parameters studied were : the carrier flow rate , the lengths of the sample and reagent loops , and reactor length . 
The conditions selected in accordance with the results were : carrier flow rate of 1 . 00 ml / min , length of the loops 18 . 2 cm and length of the reaction coil 210 . 1 cm . 
The detection and quantification limits were , respectively , 28 . 6 and 86 . 8 μmol / l Fe ( 2 + ) , and the precision was 1 . 27% . 
The proposed method had an analytical frequency of 30 samples / h and about 95% less volume of FRAP reagent was consumed . 
The FRAP assay adapted to the FIA system under the optimised conditions was utilised to determine the antioxidant activity of tea samples . Absence of correlation between oxysterol accumulation in lipid raft microdomains , calcium increase , and apoptosis induction on 158N murine oligodendrocytes . Increased cyclooxygenase-2 expression in human pancreatic carcinomas and cell lines : growth inhibition by nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs . Temporal profile of brain and pituitary GnRHs , GnRH-R and gonadotropin mRNA expression and content during early development in European sea bass ( Dicentrarchus labrax L . 
) . Mitochondrial dysfunction , with an estimated incidence of 1 in 10 000 live births , is among the most common genetically determined conditions . 
Missense mutations in the human NDUFV1 gene , which encodes the 51 kDa active site subunit of the NADH-ubiquinone oxidoreductase or complex I , can lead to severe neurological disorders . 
Owing to the rare and often sporadic nature of mitochondrial disorders , the mechanisms of pathogenesis of most mutations remain poorly understood . 
We have generated transgenic strains of Caenorhabditis elegans that express disease-causing mutations in the nuo-1 gene , the C . 
elegans homolog of the NDUFV1 gene . 
The transgenic strains demonstrate hallmark features of complex I dysfunction such as lactic acidosis and decreased NADH-dependent mitochondrial respiration . 
They are also hypersensitive to exogenous oxidative stress , suggesting that cellular defense mechanisms against reactive oxygen species are already taxed by an endogenous stress . 
The lactic acidosis induced by the NDUFV1 mutations could be partially corrected with the vitamins riboflavin and thiamine or with sodium dichloroacetate , an activator of the pyruvate dehydrogenase complex , resulting in significant increases in animal fitness . 
Surprisingly , cytochrome c oxidase activity and protein levels were reduced , establishing a connection between complexes I and IV . 
Our results indicate that complex I mutations exert their pathogenic effects in multiple ways : by impeding the metabolism of NADH , by increasing the production of reactive oxygen species , and by interfering with the function or assembly of other mitochondrial respiratory chain components . Sorafenib induces growth inhibition and apoptosis of human chondrosarcoma cells by blocking the RAF / ERK / MEK pathway . In neurodegenerative diseases , an increased number of neuronal nitric oxide synthase ( nNOS ) -positive neurons was reported , but nothing is known on which are the neurons induced to express nNOS . 
Argininosuccinate synthetase ( ASS ) , argininosuccinate lyase ( ASL ) and nNOS act in the L-arginine-NO-L-citrulline cycle permitting a correct NO production . 
In the brain , nNOS-positive neurons co-expressing ASS were known , while those co-expressing ASL were not demonstrated . 
We investigated by immunohistochemistry the presence of these types of neurons in the rat striatum to verify whether there was a correlation between their changes due to neurotoxic insults and animal survival . 
Transient ischemia , a neurodegenerative insult model , was induced in rat brain by 2 h of middle cerebral artery occlusion . 
The striatum , the core of ischemia , was examined at 24 , 72 and 144 h after reperfusion and compared with that of rats in normal condition . 
ASS , ASL and nNOS-positive neurons , some of the latter also expressing ASS and ASL , were present both in normal and ischemic conditions . 
At 24 h after reperfusion , the number of the nNOS-positive neurons and the percentage of those co-expressing ASS and ASL were significantly increased in the animals with a longer survival and at 144 h after ischemia there was an almost complete restore of the number and / or percentage of these neurons . 
We hypothesize that the neurons induced to express nNOS were the ASS- and ASL-positive ones and that the neurons co-expressing nNOS , ASS and ASL , since having the enzymes necessary to maintain a correct NO production , might protect from neurotoxic insults . Cimetidine therapy used for the treatment of gastric bleeding due to tolazoline therapy in a newborn infant was temporally associated with episodes of severe hypoxemia . 
It appears likely that the histamine H2 receptor blocked by cimetidine obviated the pulmonary vasodilator effect of tolazoline therapy . Chemical warfare nerve agents such as soman exert their toxic effects through an irreversible inhibition of acetylcholinesterase ( AChE ) and subsequently glutamatergic function , leading to uncontrolled seizures . 
The natural alkaloid ( - ) -huperzine A is a potent inhibitor of AChE and has been demonstrated to exert neuroprotection at an appropriate dose . 
It is hypothesized that analogs of both ( + ) - and ( - ) -huperzine A with an improved ability to interact with NMDA receptors together with reduced AChE inhibition will exhibit more effective neuroprotection against nerve agents . 
In this manuscript , the tested huperzine A analogs 2 and 3 were demonstrated to improve survival of guinea pigs exposed to soman at either 1 . 2 or 2×LD ( 50 ) . UNLABELLED : Previous experiments conducted in this laboratory showed that administration of high-dose D-fenfluramine ( D-FEN ) and p-chloroamphetamine ( PCA ) decreased 5-HT transporter ( SERT ) binding and tissue 5-HT by 30-60% in caudate and whole brain tissue 2 days and 2 weeks after drug administration . 
However , protein expression as determined by Western blot analysis did not change in either tissue or time point , except for a 30% decrease in the caudate 2 days after PCA administration . 
In the present study , we studied the effect of MDMA and 5 , 7-dihydroxytryptamine ( 5 , 7-DHT ) on tissue 5-HT levels and the protein expression level of SERT and glial fibrillary acidic protein ( GFAP ) , a validated neurotoxicity marker . 
HYPOTHESIS : MDMA administration decreases SERT expression . 
METHODS : Two weeks after MDMA administration ( 7 . 5 mg / kg i . 
p . 
, q 2 h x 3 doses ) or 2 weeks after i . 
c . 
v . 
administration of 5 , 7 , -DHT ( 150 microg / rat ) , male Sprague-Dawley rats were sacrificed and the caudate , cortex , and hippocampal tissue collected . 
Western blots for SERT and GFAP were generated using published methods . 
Tissue 5-HT levels were determined by HPLC coupled to electrochemical detection . 
RESULTS : MDMA treatment decreased tissue 5-HT in cortex , hippocampus , and caudate by about 50% . 
However , MDMA treatment had no significant effect on expression level of SERT and GFAP in any brain region . 
In contrast , 5 , 7-DHT reduced tissue 5-HT by more than 90% , decreased SERT protein expression by 20-35% , and increased GFAP by 30-39% . 
CONCLUSION : These data suggest the MDMA treatment regimen used here does not cause degeneration of 5-HT nerve terminals . 
Viewed collectively with our previous results and other published data , these data indicate that MDMA-induced persistent 5-HT depletion may occur in the absence of axotomy . Net hepatic glucose uptake ( NHGU ) is an important contributor to postprandial glycemic control . 
We hypothesized that NHGU is reduced during normal pregnancy and in a pregnant diet-induced model of impaired glucose intolerance / gestational diabetes mellitus ( IGT / GDM ) . 
Dogs ( n = 7 per group ) that were nonpregnant ( N ) , normal pregnant ( P ) , or pregnant with IGT / GDM ( pregnant dogs fed a high-fat and -fructose diet [ P-HFF ] ) underwent a hyperinsulinemic-hyperglycemic clamp with intraportal glucose infusion . 
Clamp period insulin , glucagon , and glucose concentrations and hepatic glucose loads did not differ among groups . 
The N dogs reached near-maximal NHGU rates within 30 min; mean ± SEM NHGU was 105 ± 9 µmol·100 g liver⁻¹·min⁻¹ . 
The P and P-HFF dogs reached maximal NHGU in 90-120 min; their NHGU was blunted ( 68 ± 9 and 16 ± 17 µmol·100 g liver⁻¹·min⁻¹ , respectively ) . 
Hepatic glycogen synthesis was reduced 20% in P versus N and 40% in P-HFF versus P dogs . 
This was associated with a reduction ( >70% ) in glycogen synthase activity in P-HFF versus P and increased glycogen phosphorylase ( GP ) activity in both P ( 1 . 7-fold greater than N ) and P-HFF ( 1 . 8-fold greater than P ) dogs . 
Thus , NHGU under conditions mimicking the postprandial state is delayed and suppressed in normal pregnancy , with concomitant reduction in glycogen storage . 
NHGU is further blunted in IGT / GDM . 
This likely contributes to postprandial hyperglycemia during pregnancy , with potential adverse outcomes for the fetus and mother . PIM proteins belong to a family of ser / thr kinases composed of 3 members , PIM1 , PIM2 and PIM3 , with greatly overlapping functions . 
PIM kinases are mainly responsible for cell cycle regulation , antiapoptotic activity and the homing and migration of receptor tyrosine kinases mediated via the JAK / STAT pathway . 
PIM kinases have been found to be upregulated in many hematological malignancies and solid tumors . 
Although these kinases have been described as weak oncogenes , they are heavily targeted for anticancer drug discovery . 
The present review summarizes the discoveries made to date regarding PIM kinases as driving oncogenes in the process of tumorigenesis and their validation as drug targets . Kinetic evidence that allosteric activation of antithrombin by heparin is mediated by two sequential conformational changes . Aggregation of the amyloid-β peptide ( Aβ ) into fibrillar structures is a hallmark of Alzheimer's disease . 
Thus , preventing self-assembly of the Aβ peptide is an attractive therapeutic strategy . 
Here , we used experimental techniques and atomistic simulations to investigate the influence of carnosine , a dipeptide naturally occurring in the brain , on Aβ aggregation . 
Scanning force microscopy , circular dichroism and thioflavin T fluorescence experiments showed that carnosine does not modify the conformational features of Aβ42 but nonetheless inhibits amyloid growth . 
Molecular dynamics ( MD ) simulations indicated that carnosine interacts transiently with monomeric Aβ42 by salt bridges with charged side chains , and van der Waals contacts with residues in and around the central hydrophobic cluster ( ( 17 ) LVFFA ( 21 ) ) . 
NMR experiments on the nonaggregative fragment Aβ12-28 did not evidence specific intermolecular interactions between the peptide and carnosine , in agreement with MD simulations . 
However , a close inspection of the spectra revealed that carnosine interferes with the local propensity of the peptide to form backbone hydrogen bonds close to the central hydrophobic cluster ( residues E22 , S26 and N27 ) . 
Finally , MD simulations of aggregation-prone Aβ heptapeptide segments show that carnosine reduces the propensity to form intermolecular backbone hydrogen bonds in the region 18-24 . 
Taken together , the experimental and simulation results ( cumulative MD sampling of 0 . 2 ms ) suggest that , despite the inability of carnosine to form stable contacts with Aβ , it might block the pathway toward toxic aggregates by perturbing the hydrogen bond network near residues with key roles in fibrillogenesis . Abstract The present study evaluated the effects of curcumin on epithelial cell apoptosis , the immunoreactivity of the phospho-c-Jun N-terminal kinase ( JNK ) and phospho-p38 mitogen-activated protein kinases ( MAPKs ) in inflamed colon mucosa , and oxidative stress in a rat model of ulcerative colitis induced by acetic acid . 
Rats were randomly divided into three groups : control , acetic acid , and acetic acid + curcumin . 
Curcumin ( 100 mg / kg per day , intragastrically ) was administered 10 days before the induction of colitis and was continued for two additional days . 
Acetic acid-induced colitis caused a significant increase in the macroscopic and microscopic tissue ranking scores as well as an elevation in colonic myeloperoxidase ( MPO ) activity , malondialdehyde ( MDA ) levels , and the number of apoptotic epithelial cells in colon tissue compared to controls . 
In the rat colon , immunoreactivity of phospho-p38 MAPK was increased , whereas the phospho-JNK activity was decreased following the induction of colitis . 
Curcumin treatment was associated with amelioration of macroscopic and microscopic colitis sores , decreased MPO activity , and decreased MDA levels in acetic acid-induced colitis . 
Furthermore , oral curcumin supplementation clearly prevented programmed cell death and restored immunreactivity of MAPKs in the colons of colitic rats . 
The results of this study suggest that oral curcumin treatment decreases colon injury and is associated with decreased inflammatory reactions , lipid peroxidation , apoptotic cell death , and modulating p38- and JNK-MAPK pathways . Increase of palmitic acid concentration impairs endothelial progenitor cell and bone marrow-derived progenitor cell bioavailability : role of the STAT5 / PPARγ transcriptional complex . Jaceosidin , isolated from dietary mugwort ( Artemisia princeps ) , induces G2 / M cell cycle arrest by inactivating cdc25C-cdc2 via ATM-Chk1 / 2 activation . Polycomb repressive complex 1 ( PRC1 ) catalyzes lysine 119 monoubiquitylation on H2A ( H2AK119ub1 ) and regulates pluripotency in embryonic stem cells ( ESCs ) . 
However , the mechanisms controlling the binding of PRC1 to genomic sites and its catalytic activity are poorly understood . 
Here , we show that Fbxl10 interacts with Ring1B and Nspc1 , forming a noncanonical PRC1 that is required for H2AK119ub1 in mouse ESCs . 
Genome-wide analyses reveal that Fbxl10 preferentially binds to CpG islands and colocalizes with Ring1B on Polycomb target genes . 
Notably , Fbxl10 depletion causes a decrease in Ring1B binding to target genes and a major loss of H2AK119ub1 . 
Furthermore , genetic analyses demonstrate that Fbxl10 DNA binding capability and integration into PRC1 are required for H2AK119 ubiquitylation . 
ESCs lacking Fbxl10 , like previously characterized Polycomb mutants , cannot differentiate properly . 
These results demonstrate that Fbxl10 has a key role in regulating Ring1B recruitment to its target genes and H2AK119 ubiquitylation in ESCs . Arginine transport is important for a number of biological processes in vertebrates , and its transport may be rate-limiting for the production of nitric oxide . 
The majority of L-Arg transport is mediated by System y + , although several other carriers have been kinetically defined . 
System y + cationic amino acid transport is mediated by proteins encoded by a family of genes , Cat1 , Cat2 , and Cat3 . 
High affinity L-arginine transport was investigated in embryonic fibroblast cells derived from Cat1 knockout mice that lack functional Cat1 . 
Both wild type and knockout cells transport arginine with comparable Km and Vmax . 
However , the apparent affinity for lysine transport was 2 . 4 times lower in Cat1 ( - / - ) cells when compared with wild type cells , a property characteristic of Cat3-mediated transport . 
Northern analysis-documented Cat2 mRNA increased 2-fold , whereas Cat3 mRNA levels increased 11-fold in Cat1 ( - / - ) relative to Cat1 ( + / + ) cells . 
The low affinity Cat2a mRNA was not detectably expressed in these cells . 
Even though Cat3 expression is normally limited to adult brain , there was a large increase in the amount of Cat3 protein present at the plasma membrane of Cat1 ( - / - ) embryonic fibroblast cells . 
These results suggest that Cat3 compensates for the loss of functional Cat1 in cells derived from Cat1 knockout mice and mediates the majority of high affinity arginine transport . P2X receptors are trimeric adenosine-5'-triphosphate ( ATP ) -gated cation channels involved in fast signal transduction in many cell types . 
In this study , we used homology modeling of the rat P2X2 receptor with the zebrafish P2X4 X-ray template to determine that the side chains of the Glu167 and Arg290 residues are in close spatial vicinity within the ATP-binding pocket when the rat P2X2 channel is closed . 
Through charge reversal mutation analysis and mutant cycle analysis , we obtained evidence that Glu167 and Arg290 form an electrostatic interaction . 
In addition , disulfide trapping indicated the close proximity of Glu167 and Arg290 when the channel is in the closed state , but not in the ATP-bound open state . 
Consistent with a gating-induced movement that disrupts the Glu167 / Arg290 salt bridge , a comparison of the closed and open rat P2X2 receptor models revealed a significant rearrangement of the protein backbone and the side chains of the Glu167 and Arg290 residues during the closed-to-open transition . 
The associated release of the Glu167 / Arg290 salt bridge during channel opening allows a strong ionic interaction between Arg290 and a γ-phosphate oxygen of ATP . 
We conclude from these results that the state-dependent salt bridge switching from Arg290 / Glu167 to Arg290 / ATP fulfills a dual role : to destabilize the closed state of the receptor and to promote the ionic coordination of ATP in the ATP-binding pocket . Oxidative stress associated with increased presence of neutrophils is an important feature of inflammatory airways diseases like asthma or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease . 
We studied the in vitro effect of piclamilast ( RP73401 ) , a selective phosphodiesterase ( PDE ) -4 inhibitor , compared to theophylline and prednisolone , on respiratory burst of sputum cells from mild asthmatics and COPD patients . 
Sputum cells were harvested from mild asthmatics and stable COPD patients and treated with piclamilast , theophylline or prednisolone . 
Respiratory burst was assessed by luminol-dependent chemoluminescence after stimulation with 10 microM n-formyl-met-leu-phe ( FMLP ) . 
Piclamilast inhibited FMLP-induced respiratory burst of sputum cells in a concentration-dependent manner ( asthma : EC50 approximately 100 nM , max . 
inhibition : 97 . 5 + / -5% at 100 microM; COPD : EC50 approximately 1 microM , max . 
inhibition : 70 . 6 + / -4 . 5% at 100 microM ) , whereas maximal inhibition observed with theophylline ( asthma : max . 
inhib . 
27 + / -15%; COPD : 6 + / -2% , both p < 0 . 05 vs . 
piclamilast ) and prednisolone ( asthma : 16 + / -6%; COPD : 7 . 8 + / -6 . 2% , both p < 0 . 05 vs . 
piclamilast ) was weaker . 
Inhibition by piclamilast was largely reversed through pretreatment of cells with the adenylcyclase inhibitor SQ22536 . 
We concluded that piclamilast , a selective PDE-4 inhibitor , attenuates the respiratory burst of sputum cells from mild asthmatics and COPD patients in vitro . 
These data underline the potential of PDE-4 inhibition as a novel therapeutic approach to inflammatory airway diseases like asthma or COPD . RATIONALE : Impulsivity is a key feature of disorders that include attention-deficit / hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) . 
The cliff avoidance reaction ( CAR ) assesses maladaptive impulsive rodent behavior . 
Dopamine transporter knockout ( DAT-KO ) mice display features of ADHD and are candidates in which to test other impulsive phenotypes . 
OBJECTIVES : Impulsivity of DAT-KO mice was assessed in the CAR paradigm . 
For comparison , attentional deficits were also assessed in prepulse inhibition ( PPI ) in which DAT-KO mice have been shown to exhibit impaired sensorimotor gating . 
RESULTS : DAT-KO mice exhibited a profound CAR impairment compared to wild-type ( WT ) mice . 
As expected , DAT-KO mice showed PPI deficits compared to WT mice . 
Furthermore , the DAT-KO mice with the most impaired CAR exhibited the most severe PPI deficits . 
Treatment with methylphenidate or nisoxetine ameliorated CAR impairments in DAT-KO mice . 
CONCLUSION : These results suggest that DAT-KO mice exhibit impulsive CAR behavior that correlates with their PPI deficits . 
Blockade of monoamine transporters , especially the norepinephrine transporter ( NET ) in the prefrontal cortex ( PFC ) , may contribute to pharmacological improvement of impulsivity in these mice . Preliminary investigation of a number of plant extracts for allelopathic activity using seed germination inhibition bioassay showed a promising activity of the water extract of the aerial parts of Mikania scandens . 
Activity-guided fractionation of the M . 
scandens extract led to the isolation of the highly allelopathic active compound mikanolide , with minimum inhibitory concentration of 0 . 083 µM mL ( -1 ) . 
As M . 
scandens is a highly abundant invasive plant in Sri Lanka and other South Asian countries , this plant could be developed as an environment friendly natural herbicide , either in crude form as shredded plant material or as pure mikanolide , which is the major constituent ( ∼0 . 02% ) in the plant . BMS-763534 is a potent ( CRF ( 1 ) IC ( 50 ) = 0 . 4 nM ) and selective ( >1000-fold selectivity vs . 
all other sites tested ) CRF ( 1 ) receptor antagonist ( pA2 = 9 . 47 vs . 
CRF ( 1 ) -mediated cAMP production in Y79 cells ) . 
BMS-763534 accelerated the dissociation of ( 125 ) I-o-CRF from rat frontal cortex membrane CRF ( 1 ) receptors consistent with a negative allosteric modulation of CRF binding . 
BMS-763534 produced dose-dependent increases in CRF ( 1 ) receptor occupancy and anxiolytic efficacy; lowest effective anxiolytic dose = 0 . 56 mg / kg , PO , which was associated with 71 ± 5% CRF ( 1 ) receptor occupancy of frontoparietal CRF ( 1 ) receptors . 
Sedative / ataxic effects of BMS-763534 were only observed at high dose multiples ( 54-179× ) relative to the lowest dose required for anxiolytic efficacy . 
At doses of 5- to 18-fold higher than the lowest efficacious dose in the anxiety assay , BMS-763534 shared subjective effects with the benzodiazepine chlordiazepoxide . 
Interestingly BMS-790318 , the O-demethylated metabolite of BMS-763534 , showed weak affinity for the TBOB site of the GABA ( A ) receptor ( 67% inhibition at 10 μM ) and augmented GABA evoked currents ( EC ( 50 ) = 1 . 6 μM ) . 
Thus , the unanticipated signal in the drug discrimination assay may have resulted from an interaction of the metabolite BMS-790318 with the TBOB site on the GABA ( A ) channel where it appears to behave as an allosteric potentiator of GABA evoked currents . The importance of the trifluoromethyl group in the polypharmacological profile of nilotinib was investigated . 
Molecular editing of nilotinib led to the design , synthesis and biological evaluation of analogues where the trifluoromethyl group was replaced by a proton , fluorine and a methyl group . 
While these analogues were less active than nilotinib toward Abl , their activity toward Kit was comparable , with the monofluorinated analogue being the most active . 
Docking of nilotinib and of analogues 2a-c to the binding pocket of Abl and of Kit showed that the lack of shape complementarity in Kit is compensated by the stabilizing effect from its juxtamembrane region . Michaelis-Menten kinetic analysis of drugs of abuse to estimate their affinity to human P-glycoprotein . Adenosine kinase is a well-known enzyme which catalyzes the phosphorylation of adenosine to AMP : Its metabolic and kinetic properties are well studied . 
Here , we report new properties of rat liver enzyme , demonstrating a new reaction : ADP can be a phosphate donor instead ATP , according to the reaction : adenosine + ADP --> 2AMP ) demonstrating the efficiency of AdK to phosphorylate adenosine , also starting from ADP . 
Cells could exploited this property in situations in which ATP levels are strongly decreased and ADP decreases slowly . Triple pharmacological blockade of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system in nondiabetic CKD : an open-label crossover randomized controlled trial . Activation of the anti-cancer agent upamostat by the mARC enzyme system . An in vitro assay using the rat Leydig cell line R2C was evaluated for its ability to quantitatively predict inhibition of testosterone synthesis . 
Results obtained for endocrine active phthalates ( MEHP , MBP ) , and inactive phthalates ( MMP and MEP ) were highly consistent with in vivo results based on tissue and media concentrations . 
Statistically significant inhibition of testosterone synthesis ( p<0 . 05 , 1-way ANOVA ) was observed at 1μM MBP and 3μM MEHP , while MEP and MMP did not affect inhibition of testosterone synthesis until much higher concentrations ( ≫100μM ) . 
Concentrations causing 50% inhibition of testosterone synthesis for MBP and MEHP ( 3 and 6μM respectively ) , were similar to in vivo values ( 3 and 7μM ) . 
The R2C assay was used to determine the relative potency of 14 structurally diverse monoesters and oxidative metabolites of MEHP . 
Monoesters with alkyl chains 4-5 carbons in length had the highest potency for testosterone inhibition , while 0-2 carbon alkyl chains were least potent . 
Phase I metabolism did not completely inactivate MEHP , underscoring the need for metabolism data when interpreting in vitro pharmacodynamic data . 
This steroid inhibition assay provides a predictive in vitro alternative to expensive and timeconsuming developmental rat studies for phthalate-induced antiandrogenicity . Aging of skin is characterized by skin wrinkling , laxity , and pigmentation induced by several environmental stress factors . 
Histological changes during the photoaging of skin include hyperproliferation of keratinocytes and melanocytes causing skin wrinkles and pigmentation . 
Nuclear factor kappa B ( NF-κB ) is one of the representative transcription factors active in conjunction with inflammation . 
NF-κB is activated by stimulation such as ultraviolet rays and inflammatory cytokines and induces the expression of various genes such as those of basic fibroblast growth factor ( bFGF ) and matrix metalloprotease-1 ( MMP-1 ) . 
We screened several plant extracts for their possible inhibitory effect on the transcriptional activity of NF-κB . 
One of them , an extract from Cynara scolymus L . 
, showed a greatest effect on the suppression of NF-κB transactivation . 
As a result , we found that cynaropicrin , which is a sesquiterpene lactone , inhibited the NF-κB-mediated transactivation of bFGF and MMP-1 . 
Furthermore , it was confirmed that in an in vivo mouse model cynaropicrin prevented skin photoaging processes leading to the hyperproliferation of keratinocytes and melanocytes . 
These findings taken together indicate that cynaropicrin is an effective antiphotoaging agent that acts by inhibiting NF-κB-mediated transactivation . Trim24 ( Tif1α ) and Trim33 ( Tif1γ ) interact to form a co-repressor complex that suppresses murine hepatocellular carcinoma . 
Here we show that Trim24 and Trim33 cooperatively repress retinoic acid receptor-dependent activity of VL30-class endogenous retroviruses ( ERVs ) in liver . 
In Trim24-knockout hepatocytes , VL30 derepression leads to accumulation of reverse-transcribed VL30 cDNA in the cytoplasm that correlates with activation of the viral-defense interferon responses mimicking the preneoplastic inflammatory state seen in human liver following exogenous viral infection . 
Furthermore , upon derepression , VL30 long terminal repeats ( LTRs ) act as promoter and enhancer elements deregulating expression of neighboring genes and generating enhancer RNAs that are required for LTR enhancer activity in hepatocytes in vivo . 
These data reinforce the role of the TRIM family of proteins in retroviral restriction and antiviral defense and provide an example of an ERV-derived oncogenic regulatory network . Highly oriented pyrolytic graphite characterized by a low misorientation of crystallites is fluorinated using a gaseous mixture of BrF ( 3 ) with Br ( 2 ) at room temperature . 
The golden-colored product , easily delaminating into micrometer-size transparent flakes , is an intercalation compound where Br ( 2 ) molecules are hosted between fluorinated graphene layers of approximate C ( 2 ) F composition . 
To unravel the chemical bonding in semifluorinated graphite , we apply angle-resolved near-edge X-ray absorption fine structure ( NEXAFS ) spectroscopy and quantum-chemical modeling . 
The strong angular dependence of the CK and FK edge NEXAFS spectra on the incident radiation indicates that room-temperature-produced graphite fluoride is a highly anisotropic material , where half of the carbon atoms are covalently bonded with fluorine , while the rest of the carbon atoms preserve π electrons . 
Comparison of the experimental CK edge spectrum with theoretical spectra plotted for C ( 2 ) F models reveals that fluorine atoms are more likely to form chains . 
This conclusion agrees with the atomic force microscopy observation of a chain-like pattern on the surface of graphite fluoride layers . OBJECTIVE : To determine the in vitro effects of tetracyclines and nonsteroidal antiiflammatory drugs on interleukin 1alpha ( IL-1alpha ) induced NO production and biosynthesis of inducible NO synthase ( iNOS ) by articular chondrocytes . 
METHODS : Bovine chondrocytes were cultured in alginate beads . 
Cells were treated with IL-lalpha in the presence or absence of drugs at various concentrations . 
Expression of mRNA for iNOS was analyzed by reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction-ELISA . 
Protein synthesis of iNOS was determined by immunoprecipitation . 
NO production was taken as a measure for the activity of the enzyme . 
RESULTS : Minocycline dose dependently reduced IL-1 stimulated NO production by inhibition of the mRNA expression ( IC50 = 69 . 9 microM ) and protein synthesis ( IC50 = 37 . 11 microM ) of iNOS . 
Diclofenac-Na at a concentration of 10 microM only weakly reduced nitrite accumulation and mRNA expression of iNOS . 
No effects were observed for tetracycline , doxycycline , and meloxicam . 
CONCLUSION : Inhibition of iNOS in articular chondrocytes may be a new mechanism by which minocycline could exert its beneficial effects in the treatment of joint diseases . Annexin 1 regulation in human epidermal cells . Differential expression of five N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor subunit mRNAs in vasopressin and oxytocin neuroendocrine cells . Pharmacokinetic aspects of l-deprenyl ( selegiline ) and its metabolites . TGF-β1 Conjugated to Gold Nanoparticles Results in Protein Conformational Changes and Attenuates the Biological Function . Controlled synthesis of amino acid-based pH-responsive chiral polymers and self-assembly of their block copolymers . The effect of a 21-day treatment with the dual 5-HT and NE reuptake blocker venlafaxine ( delivered s . 
c . 
by osmotic minipumps ) was assessed on the time required for a 50% recovery ( RT ( 50 ) ) of the firing activity of dorsal hippocampus CA ( 3 ) pyramidal neurons from the suppression induced by microiontophoretic applications of 5-HT and NE . 
The RT ( 50 ) values for 5-HT were increased by both 10 and 40 mg / kg / day regimens of venlafaxine , whereas those for NE were increased only by the 40 mg / kg / day regimen , indicative of a greater potency of venlafaxine in blocking 5-HT reuptake . 
The sensitivity of the postsynaptic 5-HT ( 1A ) and alpha ( 2 ) -adrenergic receptors was altered by neither regimen of venlafaxine . 
Using a paradigm by which the 5-HT ( 1A ) antagonist WAY 100635 can induce a disinhibition of firing activity of CA ( 3 ) pyramidal neurons , it was demonstrated that the high , but not the low , dose of venlafaxine led to an enhanced tonic activation of postsynaptic 5-HT ( 1A ) receptors in the dorsal hippocampus . 
The duration of the suppressant effect of the firing activity of CA ( 3 ) hippocampus pyramidal neurons produced by the electrical stimulation of the ascending 5-HT pathway was significantly reduced when the frequency of the stimulation was enhanced from 1 Hz to 5 Hz in control rats and in rats treated with 10 mg / kg / day , but not with 40 mg / kg / day of venlafaxine . 
Hence , venlafaxine induced a desensitization of the terminal 5-HT ( 1B ) autoreceptor only at the high dose . 
A 2-day treatment with 10 mg / kg / day of venlafaxine induced a suppression of the firing activity of 5-HT neurons of the dorsal raphe . 
The firing activity of these neurons was back to control level in rats that had been treated for 21 days with the same dose of venlafaxine . 
The suppressant effect of the i . 
v . 
administration of the 5-HT autoreceptor agonist LSD on the firing activity of dorsal raphe 5-HT neurons was reduced in rats that had been treated for 21 days with 10 mg / kg / day of venlafaxine . 
A 2-day treatment with 40 mg / kg / day of venlafaxine , unlike the 10 mg / kg / day regimen , induced a marked suppression of the firing activity of locus coeruleus NE neurons . 
However , in contrast to 5-HT neurons , NE neurons did not recover their firing activity after a 21-day treatment . 
Taken together , the results from this study indicate that the low dose of venlafaxine blocked selectively the reuptake of 5-HT , whereas the high dose blocked the reuptake of both 5-HT and NE . 
Moreover , an enhancement of serotonergic neurotransmission by venlafaxine was only achieved under conditions whereby the desensitization of the terminal 5-HT ( 1B ) autoreceptor is appended to that of the somatodendritic 5-HT ( 1A ) receptor . 1 . 
The individual long-term effects of the antidepressant drugs zimeldine , viloxazine , imipramine , amitriptyline , nortriptyline , maprotiline , or nomifensine , on brain mitochondrial monoamine oxidase ( MAO ) activity , were studied in mice that were given daily intraperitoneal injections ( 30 mg / kg ) of these reagents for 4 weeks . 
2 . 
Both the A-form ( MAO-A ) and B-form ( MAO-B ) of MAO were inhibited after long-term administration of all the drugs except nortriptyline ( MAO-A was not affected ) and maprotiline ( neither MAO-A nor MAO-B were affected ) . 
3 . 
Kinetic analysis showed a significant decrease in Vmax values , and an increase in K ( m ) values for MAO-B during treatment . 
4 . 
All seven drugs are competitive inhibitors of MAO-A , noncompetitive inhibitors of MAO-B , and were more potent in vitro for MAO-B . 
5 . 
MAO-A was inhibited by the following drugs ( in ascending order of potency ) : nortriptyline , amitriptyline , imipramine , maprotiline , zimeldine , nomifensine , and viloxazine . 
6 . 
MAO-B was inhibited by the following drugs ( in ascending order of potency ) : nortriptyline , imipramine , maprotiline , amitriptyline , zimeldine , nomifensine , and viloxazine . The lymphocyte function-associated antigen ( LFA-1 ) belongs to the family of beta2-integrins and plays an important role in T-cell activation and leukocyte migration to sites of inflammation . 
We report here that lovastatin , a drug clinically used for lowering cholesterol levels , inhibits the interaction of human LFA-1 with its counter-receptor intercellular adhesion molecule-1 . 
Using nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy and X-ray crystallography we show that the inhibitor binds to a highly conserved domain of the LFA-1 alpha-chain called the I-domain . 
The first three-dimensional structure of an integrin inhibitor bound to its receptor reveals atomic details for a hitherto unknown mode of LFA-1 inhibition . 
It also sheds light into possible mechanisms of LFA-1 mediated signalling and will support the design of novel anti-adhesive and immunosuppressive drugs . Serine hydroxymethyltransferase ( SHMT ) provides activated one-carbon units required for the biosynthesis of nucleotides , protein , and methyl group by converting serine and tetrahydrofolate to glycine and N ( 5 ) , N ( 10 ) -methylenetetrahydrofolate . 
It is postulated that SHMT activity is associated with the development of methotrexate resistance and the in vivo activity of SHMT is regulated by the binding of N ( 5 ) -CHO-THF , the rescue agent in high-dose methotrexate chemotherapy . 
The aim of this study is to advance our understanding of the folate-mediated one-carbon metabolism in zebrafish by characterizing zebrafish mitochondrial SHMT . 
The cDNA encoding zebrafish mitochondrial SHMT was cloned , overexpressed in Escherichia coli , and purified with a three-step purification protocol . 
Similarities in structural , physical , and kinetic properties were revealed between the recombinant zebrafish mitochondrial SHMT and its mammalian orthologs . 
Surprisingly , leucovorin significantly inhibits the aldol cleavage of serine catalyzed by zebrafish cytosolic SHMT but inhibits to a lesser extent the reaction catalyzed by the mitochondrial isozyme . 
This is , to our knowledge , the first report on zebrafish mitochondrial folate enzyme as well as the differential inhibition of leucovorin on these two SHMT isoforms . 
Western blot analysis revealed tissue-specific distribution with the highest enrichment present in liver for both cytosolic and mitochondrial SHMTs . 
Intracellular localization was confirmed by confocal microscopy for both mitochondrial and cytosolic SHMTs . 
Unexpectedly , the cytosolic isoform was observed in both nucleus and cytosol . 
Together with the previous report on zebrafish cytosolic SHMT , we suggest that zSHMTs can be used in in vitro assays for folate-related investigation and antifolate drug discovery . The aim of the study was to investigate the cytotoxic activity of camalexin and its five synthetic derivatives in cancer and non-cancer cells . 
In cancer cells the benzocamalexin ( BC ) displayed the most potent activity with an IC value of 23 . 3-30 . 1 μmol / L . 
On the other hand , minimal toxicity ( IC>100 . 0 μmol / L ) in non-cancer cells was observed . 
Based on these results , BC was selected for further studies . 
Flow cytometric analysis revealed a BC-induced arrest of the cell cycle in the G2 phase associated with downregulation of α-tubulin , α1-tubulin , β5-tubulin expression . 
These findings suggest that the inhibitory effect of BC is mediated via inhibition of microtubule formation . 
Moreover , BC downregulated the expression of microtubule-related protein indicating the effect of this compound on microtubule assembly . 
After treatment with BC increase of the sub-G DNA content fraction was noted which is considered to be a marker of apoptotic cell death . 
Apoptosis was also confirmed by DNA fragmentation assay . 
Moreover , quantitative real-time PCR showed that BC downregulated the expression of antiapoptotic genes Bcl-2 and Bcl-xL and upregulated the expression of proapoptotic Bax . 
Taken together , our study suggests that the blockade of cell cycle progression and initiation of apoptosis may play an important role in the antiproliferative activity of BC in human cancer cells . Recent evidence has challenged the default assumption that all DNA-reactive alkylating agents exhibit a linear dose-response . 
Emerging evidence suggests that the model alkylating agents methyl- and ethylmethanesulfonate and methylnitrosourea ( MNU ) and ethylnitrosourea observe a nonlinear dose-response with a no observed genotoxic effect level ( NOGEL ) . 
Follow-up mechanistic studies are essential to understand the mechanism of cellular tolerance and biological relevance of such NOGELs . 
MNU is one of the most mutagenic simple alkylators . 
Therefore , understanding the mechanism of mutation induction , following low-dose MNU treatment , sets precedence for weaker mutagenic alkylating agents . 
Here , we tested MNU at 10-fold lower concentrations than a previous study and report a NOGEL of 0 . 0075 µg / ml ( 72 . 8nM ) in human lymphoblastoid cells , quantified through the hypoxanthine ( guanine ) phosphoribosyltransferase assay ( OECD 476 ) . 
Mechanistic studies reveal that the NOGEL is dependent upon repair of O ( 6 ) -methylguanine ( O ( 6 ) MeG ) by the suicide enzyme O ( 6 ) MeG-DNA methyltransferase ( MGMT ) . 
Inactivation of MGMT sensitizes cells to MNU-induced mutagenesis and shifts the NOGEL to the left on the dose axis . Plastic changes in the amygdala and limbic cortex networks have been widely shown in chronic pain . 
We have here investigated the role of group I metabotropic glutamate receptors ( mGluRs ) in the basolateral amygdala ( BLA ) pre-infra-limbic ( PL-IL ) divisions of the medial prefrontal cortex ( mPFC ) neuron connections after carrageenan-induced inflammatory pain in the rat . 
Intra-plantar injection of carrageenan decreased either spontaneous or mechanically / electrically evoked activity of PL cortex pyramidal neurons which responded with excitation in a way prevented by CPCOOEt , a selective mGluR1 antagonist , though not by MPEP , a selective mGluR5 antagonist . 
Accordingly , intra-BLA microinjection of DHPG , a group I mGluR agonist , caused PL cortex neuron activity depression , antagonized by CPCCOEt . 
CPCOOEt , but not MPEP , reduced also carrageenan-induced mechanical allodynia . 
The PL cortex cell deactivation in inflammatory pain condition was associated with increased GABA ( conversely glutamate was decreased ) in the PL / IL cortex . 
The local application of bicuculline , a GABA ( A ) receptor selective antagonist , reduced mechanical allodynia . 
An over-expression of mGluR1 , but not mGluR5 , have been observed in the PL-IL cortex after inflammatory pain suggesting an increased mGluR1-dependent cross-talk among BLA and IL-PL cortex neurons in inflammatory pain conditions . 
This article is part of a Special Issue entitled 'Metabotropic Glutamate Receptors' . [ Proliferation inhibition effect of indomethacin on CML cells associated with down-regulation of phosphorylated STAT1 / STAT5 and inhibition of COX-2 expression ] . A comparison of phenytoin-loading techniques in the emergency department . Human dietary exposure to benzo ( a ) pyrene ( BaP ) has generated interest with regard to the association of BaP with gastrointestinal carcinogenesis . 
Since colon cancer ranks third among cancer-related mortalities , it is necessary to evaluate the effect of phytochemicals on colon cancer initiation and progression . 
In this study , we investigated the preventive effects of resveratrol ( RVT ) on BaP-induced colon carcinogenesis in Apc ( Min ) mouse model . 
For the first group of mice , 100 μg BaP / kg body weight was administered to mice in peanut oil via oral gavage over a 60-day period . 
For the second group , RVT was coadministered with BaP at a dose of 45 μg / kg . 
For the third group , RVT was administered for 1 week prior to BaP exposure for 60 days . 
Jejunum , colon and liver were collected at 60 days post BaP and RVT exposure; adenomas in jejunum and colon were counted and subjected to histopathology . 
RVT reduced the number of colon adenomas in BaP + RVT-treated mice significantly compared to that in mice that received BaP alone . 
While dysplasia of varying degrees was noted in colon of BaP-treated mice , the dysplasias were of limited occurrence in RVT-treated mice . 
To ascertain whether the tumor inhibition is a result of altered BaP-induced toxicity of tumor cells , growth , apoptosis and proliferation of adenocarcinoma cells were assessed posttreatment with RVT and BaP . 
Cotreatment with RVT increased apoptosis and decreased cell proliferation to a greater extent than with BaP alone . 
Overall , our observations reveal that RVT inhibits colon tumorigenesis when given together with BaP and holds promise as a therapeutic agent . Transcriptional control of the arginine / lysine transporter , cat-1 , by physiological stress . Induction of xenobiotic receptors , transporters , and drug metabolizing enzymes by oxycodone . Adverse respiratory reactions to aspirin and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs . Enzyme-responsive surface erosion of poly ( ethylene carbonate ) for controlled drug release . The serpin , antithrombin , requires allosteric activation by a sequence-specific pentasaccharide unit of heparin or heparan sulfate glycosaminoglycans to function as an anticoagulant regulator of blood clotting proteases . 
Surprisingly , X-ray structures have shown that the pentasaccharide produces similar induced-fit changes in the heparin binding site of native and latent antithrombin despite large differences in the heparin affinity and global conformation of these two forms . 
Here we present kinetic evidence for similar induced-fit mechanisms of pentasaccharide binding to native and latent antithrombins and kinetic simulations which together support a three-step mechanism of allosteric activation of native antithrombin involving two successive conformational changes . 
Equilibrium binding studies of pentasaccharide interactions with native and latent antithrombins and the salt dependence of these interactions suggest that each conformational change is associated with distinct spectroscopic changes and is driven by a progressively better fit of the pentasaccharide in the binding site . 
The observation that variant antithrombins that cannot undergo the second conformational change bind the pentasaccharide like latent antithrombin and are partially activated suggests that both conformational changes contribute to allosteric activation , in agreement with a recently proposed model of allosteric activation . Epinastine ( WAL 801CL ) modulates the noncholinergic contraction in guinea-pig airways in vitro by a prejunctional 5-HT1-like receptor . Guided by the acetylcholinesterase inhibiting activity , the bisindole alkaloid 3'-R / S-hydroxyvoacamine was isolated from a stem extract of Tabernaemontana divaricata , a plant used in Thailand in traditional rejuvenation remedies for improving the memory . 
The structure of the alkaloid was elucidated by extensive use of NMR spectroscopy and the complete assignment of the ( 1 ) H and ( 13 ) C NMR spectra is reported . 
The alkaloid acted as a non-competitive inhibitor against AChE with an IC50 value of 7 . 00±1 . 99μM . 
An HPLC method was developed for the quantitative analysis of the AChE inhibitor . 
It suggested that there was 12 . 4% ( w / w ) of 3'-R / S-hydroxyvoacamine in the alkaloid enriched fraction of T . 
divaricata stem . CH-01 is a hypoxia-activated prodrug that sensitizes cells to hypoxia / reoxygenation through inhibition of Chk1 and Aurora A . Acute and chronic interference with BDNF / TrkB-signaling impair LTP selectively at mossy fiber synapses in the CA3 region of mouse hippocampus . Histone deacetylase 3 is required for maintenance of bone mass during aging . The development of topically acting carbonic anhydrase inhibitors as antiglaucoma agents . Using human recombinant UDP-glucuronosyltransferase isoforms and a relative activity factor approach to model total body clearance of laropiprant ( MK-0524 ) in humans . Influence of the bifunctional chelator on the pharmacokinetic properties of 99mTc ( CO ) 3-labeled cyclic α-melanocyte stimulating hormone analog . Recent developments in neurochemical imaging in schizophrenia : an update . Characterization of renal ecto-phosphodiesterase . Ankyrin repeat and suppressors of cytokine signaling box protein asb-9 targets creatine kinase B for degradation . Triptans are commonly used anti-migraine drugs and show agonist action mainly at serotonin 5-HT ( 1B / 1D / 1F ) receptors . 
It is not known whether frequent or long-term treatment with these drugs would alter 5-HT receptor function . 
We investigated the effects of protracted ( 14-18 days ) sumatriptan and zolmitriptan treatment in rats on 5-HT ( 1 ) receptor mRNA expression and function in tissues related to migraine pathophysiology . 
RT-PCR analysis revealed that 5-HT ( 1B / 1D / 1F ) receptor mRNA was reduced in the trigeminal ganglion after treatment with either triptan ( reduction by : sumatriptan 39% and zolmitriptan 61% for 5-HT ( 1B ) ; 60%vs 41% for 5-HT ( 1D ) ; 32%vs 68% for 5-HT ( 1F ) ) . 
Sumatriptan attenuated 5-HT ( 1D ) receptor mRNA by 49% in the basilar artery , whereas zolmitriptan reduced 5-HT ( 1B ) mRNA in this tissue by 70% . 
No change in 5-HT ( 1 ) receptor mRNA expression was observed in coronary artery and dura mater . 
Chronic triptan treatment had no effect in two functional assays [ sumatriptan mediated inhibition ( 50 mg / kg , i . 
p . 
) of electrically induced plasma protein extravasation in dura mater and 5-nonyloxytryptamine-stimulated [ ( 35 ) S ] guanosine-5'-O- ( 3-thio ) triphosphate binding in substantia nigra ] . 
Furthermore , vasoconstriction to 5-HT in isolated basilar artery was not affected by chronic triptan treatment , while it was slightly reduced in coronary artery . 
We conclude that , although our treatment protocol altered mRNA receptor expression in several tissues relevant to migraine pathophysiology , it did not attenuate 5-HT ( 1 ) receptor-dependent functions in rats . In this article , we checked the effect of 2 , 3-dimercaptosuccinic acid-coated Fe ( 3 ) O ( 4 ) nanoparticles on gene expression of mouse macrophage RAW264 . 7 cells and found that the transcription of several important genes related to intracellular iron homeostasis were significantly changed . 
We thus speculated that the cellular iron homeostasis might be disturbed by this nanoparticle through releasing iron ion in cells . 
To verify this speculation , we first confirmed the transcriptional changes of several key iron homeostasis- related genes , such as Tfrc , Trf , and Lcn2 , using quantitative PCR , and found that an iron ion chelator , desferrioxamine , could alleviate the transcriptional alterations of two typical genes , Tfrc and Lcn2 . 
Then , we designed and validated a method based on centrifugation for assaying intracellular irons in ion and nanoparticle state . 
After extensive measures of intracellular iron in two forms and total iron , we found that the intracellular iron ion significantly increased with intracellular total iron and nanoparticle iron , demonstrating degradation of this nanoparticle into iron ion in cells . 
We next mimicked the intralysosomal environment in vitro and verified that the internalized iron nanoparticle could release iron ion in lysosome . 
We found that as another important compensatory response to intracellular overload of iron ion , cells significantly downregulated the expressions of genes belonging to solute carrier family which are responsible for transferring many organic solutes into cells , such as Slc5a3 and Slc44a1 , in order to prevent more organic solutes into cells and thus lower the intracellular osmosis . 
Based on these findings , we profiled a map of gene effects after cells were treated with this iron nanoparticle and concluded that the iron nanoparticles might be more detrimental to cell than iron ion due to its intracellular internalization fashion , nonspecific endocytosis . BACKGROUND & AIMS : Of the 2 genes ( MAT1A , MAT2A ) encoding methionine adenosyltransferase , the enzyme that synthesizes S-adenosylmethionine , MAT1A , is expressed in liver , whereas MAT2A is expressed in extrahepatic tissues . 
In liver , MAT2A expression associates with growth , dedifferentiation , and cancer . 
Here , we identified the beta subunit as a regulator of proliferation in human hepatoma cell lines . 
The beta subunit has been cloned and shown to lower the K ( m ) of methionine adenosyltransferase II alpha2 ( the MAT2A product ) for methionine and to render the enzyme more susceptible to S-adenosylmethionine inhibition . 
METHODS : Methionine adenosyltransferase II alpha2 and beta subunit expression was analyzed in human and rat liver and hepatoma cell lines and their interaction studied in HuH7 cells . 
beta Subunit expression was up- and down-regulated in human hepatoma cell lines and the effect on DNA synthesis determined . 
RESULTS : We found that beta subunit is expressed in rat extrahepatic tissues but not in normal liver . 
In human liver , beta subunit expression associates with cirrhosis and hepatoma . 
beta Subunit is expressed in most ( HepG2 , PLC , and Hep3B ) but not all ( HuH7 ) hepatoma cell lines . 
Transfection of beta subunit reduced S-adenosylmethionine content and stimulated DNA synthesis in HuH7 cells , whereas down-regulation of beta subunit expression diminished DNA synthesis in HepG2 . 
The interaction between methionine adenosyltransferase II alpha2 and beta subunit was demonstrated in HuH7 cells . 
CONCLUSIONS : Our findings indicate that beta subunit associates with cirrhosis and cancer providing a proliferative advantage in hepatoma cells through its interaction with methionine adenosyltransferase II alpha2 and down-regulation of S-adenosylmethionine levels . Kimchi , a fermented vegetable , improves serum lipid profiles in healthy young adults : randomized clinical trial . Besides its role as a carboxylase cofactor , biotin has a wide repertoire of effects on gene expression , development and metabolism . 
Pharmacological concentrations of biotin enhance insulin secretion and the expression of genes and signaling pathways that favor islet function in vitro . 
However , the in vivo effects of biotin supplementation on pancreatic islet function are largely unknown . 
In the present study , we investigated whether in vivo biotin supplementation in the diet has positive effects in rodent pancreatic islets . 
Male BALB / cAnN Hsd mice were fed a control or a biotin-supplemented diet over 8 weeks postweaning and tested for glucose homeostasis , insulin secretion , islet gene expression and pancreatic morphometry . 
Insulin secretion increased from the islets of biotin-supplemented mice , together with the messenger RNA ( mRNA ) expression of several transcription factors regulating insulin expression and secretion , including forkhead box A2 , pancreatic and duodenal homeobox 1 and hepatocyte nuclear factor 4α . 
The mRNA abundance of glucokinase , Cacna1d , acetyl-CoA carboxylase , and insulin also increased . 
Consistent with these effects , glucose tolerance improved , and glucose-stimulated serum insulin levels increased in biotin-supplemented mice , without changes in fasting glucose levels or insulin tolerance . 
Biotin supplementation augmented the proportion of beta cells by enlarging islet size and , unexpectedly , also increased the percentage of islets with alpha cells at the islet core . 
mRNA expression of neural cell adhesion molecule 1 , an adhesion protein participating in the maintenance of islet architecture , decreased in biotin-supplemented islets . 
These findings provide , for the first time , insight into how biotin supplementation exerts its effects on function and proportion of beta cells , suggesting a role for biotin in the prevention and treatment of diabetes . OBJECTIVES : Sleep difficulty is common in minimal hepatic encephalopathy ( HE ) and the mechanisms are not fully elucidated . 
Dysregulated histamine neurotransmission is associated with an altered circadian rhythmicity that is partially restored following central histamine H1 receptor blockade in cirrhotic animals . 
We studied the effects of the histamine H1 blocker hydroxyzine in sleep alterations in patients with cirrhosis in a double-blind , randomized controlled fashion . 
METHODS : A total of 35 patients ( age 56 yr [ 36-69 ] , Pugh's score 9 [ 7-12 ] , portosystemic shunt : N = 7 ) with minimal HE and long-standing sleep difficulties ( 8 months [ 4-48 ] ) and free from benzodiazepines were randomized to hydroxyzine 25 mg at bedtime ( N = 17 ) or placebo ( N = 18 ) for a 10-day period . 
Measurements of sleep behavior using visual analog scale and wrist actigraphy , neuropsychological tests , and protein s100beta serum levels were performed at baseline and at day 10 . 
RESULTS : Subjective improvement in sleep was observed in 40% of hydroxyzine-treated patients but in none receiving placebo ( P < 0 . 04 ) . 
Objectively , 65% of hydroxyzine-treated patients versus 25% of patients under placebo had a >or = 30% increase in sleep efficiency as measured by wrist actigraphy ( P < 0 . 04 ) . 
Neuropsychological tests ( Z scores ) and protein s100beta levels remained statistically unchanged in both groups . 
One patient developed an acute episode of encephalopathy reversible upon cessation of hydroxyzine . 
CONCLUSIONS : In contrast to placebo , hydroxyzine 25 mg at bedtime improved sleep behavior ( subjectively and using wrist actigraphy ) in patients with cirrhosis and minimal HE . 
The risk of precipitating overt HE warrants some caution when prescribing this drug . Previous studies have reported that cimetidine , an H2-receptor antagonist used to treat gastric and duodenal ulcers , can inhibit alcohol dehydrogenases ( ADHs ) and ethanol metabolism . 
Human alcohol dehydrogenases and aldehyde dehydrogenases ( ALDHs ) , the principal enzymes responsible for metabolism of ethanol , are complex enzyme families that exhibit functional polymorphisms among ethnic groups and distinct tissue distributions . 
We investigated the inhibition by cimetidine of alcohol oxidation by recombinant human ADH1A , ADH1B1 , ADH1B2 , ADH1B3 , ADH1C1 , ADH1C2 , ADH2 , and ADH4 , and aldehyde oxidation by ALDH1A1 and ALDH2 at pH 7 . 5 and a cytosolic NAD ( + ) concentration . 
Cimetidine acted as competitive or noncompetitive inhibitors for the ADH and ALDH isozymes / allozymes with near mM inhibition constants . 
The metabolic interactions between cimetidine and ethanol / acetaldehyde were assessed by computer simulation using the inhibition equations and the determined kinetic constants . 
At therapeutic drug levels ( 0 . 015 mM ) and physiologically relevant concentrations of ethanol ( 10 mM ) and acetaldehyde ( 10 μM ) in target tissues , cimetidine could weakly inhibit ( <5% ) the activities of ADH1B2 and ADH1B3 in liver , ADH2 in liver and small intestine , ADH4 in stomach , and ALDH1A1 in the three tissues , but not significantly affect ADH1A , ADH1B1 , ADH1C1 / 2 , or ALDH2 . 
At higher drug levels , which may accumulate in cells ( 0 . 2 mM ) , the activities of the weakly-inhibited enzymes may be decreased more significantly . 
The quantitative effects of cimetidine on metabolism of ethanol and other physiological substrates of ADHs need further investigation . The loss of early-phase insulin secretion is an important and early event in the natural history of type 2 diabetes . 
Because a normal pattern of insulin secretion is essential for the effective control of postprandial metabolism , a rational basis for the development of agents that target early-phase insulin release exists . 
Conventional oral hypoglycaemic agents do not target , or adequately control , postprandial glycaemia . 
The emergence of new classes of oral agent with a more specific mode of action provides , for the first time , an opportunity to restore early-phase insulin release . 
One such drug class is the meglitinide analogues ( repaglinide , nateglinide , and mitiglinide ) . 
These drugs are ideally suited for combination use with metformin . 
They could also prove effective in combination with a thiazolidinedione , a drug class that targets insulin resistance . 
Exogenous insulin is frequently required in the late management of type 2 diabetes . 
However , one hope for newer combinations of diabetic drugs is that the functional life of the beta cell can be extended , thereby delaying the need for insulin injections . Semicarbazide-sensitive amine oxidase : role in the vasculature and vasodilation after in situ inhibition . Epigenetic Regulation Is a Crucial Factor in the Repression of UGT1A1 Expression in the Human Kidney . The involvement of NF-κB in the regulation of teratogen-induced apoptosis has not been established yet . 
Therefore , we tried to assess the involvement of the p65 subunit of NF-κB in the embryonic response to the anti-cancer drug Doxorubicin ( DOX ) . 
Thus , exposure of p65 knockout ( p65 ( - / - ) ) or wild type ( WT ) mouse embryonic fibroblasts ( MEFs ) to DOX resulted in a decrease in cell survival , culture density and cell proliferation , which was found to be more prominent in p65 ( - / - ) MEFs . 
Those phenomena were accompanied by a DOX-induced increase in the proportion of apoptotic cells , which was demonstrated only in p65 ( - / - ) cells and a G2 / M arrest , which was found to be more prominent in WT cells . 
Furthermore , DOX-treated WT and p65 ( - / - ) MEFs differed in their expression of various apoptosis-associated molecules , when the former demonstrated a decrease in the percentage of p65-positive and a more prominent decrease in the percentage of p53-positive cells , while a decreased percentage of IκBα-positive and a more prominent decrease in the percentage of bcl-2-positive cells was detected among the latter . 
The fact that the response of the cells to the teratogen was clearly p65-dependent implicates this molecule to be involved in the response of the embryonic cells to DOX . Cannabisin B induces autophagic cell death by inhibiting the AKT / mTOR pathway and S phase cell cycle arrest in HepG2 cells . Several types of human tumors overexpress cyclooxygenase ( COX ) -2 but not COX-1 , and gene knockout transfection experiments demonstrate a central role of COX-2 in experimental tumorigenesis . 
COX-2 produces prostaglandins that inhibit apoptosis and stimulate angiogenesis and invasiveness . 
Selective COX-2 inhibitors reduce prostaglandin synthesis , restore apoptosis , and inhibit cancer cell proliferation . 
In animal studies they limit carcinogen-induced tumorigenesis . 
In contrast , aspirin-like nonselective NSAIDs such as sulindac and indomethacin inhibit not only the enzymatic action of the highly inducible , proinflammatory COX-2 but the constitutively expressed , cytoprotective COX-1 as well . 
Consequently , nonselective NSAIDs can cause platelet dysfunction , gastrointestinal ulceration , and kidney damage . 
For that reason , selective inhibition of COX-2 to treat neoplastic proliferation is preferable to nonselective inhibition . 
Selective COX-2 inhibitors , such as meloxicam , celecoxib ( SC-58635 ) , and rofecoxib ( MK-0966 ) , are NSAIDs that have been modified chemically to preferentially inhibit COX-2 but not COX-1 . 
For instance , meloxicam inhibits the growth of cultured colon cancer cells ( HCA-7 and Moser-S ) that express COX-2 but has no effect on HCT-116 tumor cells that do not express COX-2 . 
NS-398 induces apoptosis in COX-2 expressing LNCaP prostate cancer cells and , surprisingly , in colon cancer S / KS cells that does not express COX-2 . 
This effect may due to induction of apoptosis through uncoupling of oxidative phosphorylation and down-regulation of Bcl-2 , as has been demonstrated for some nonselective NSAIDs , for instance , flurbiprofen . 
COX-2 mRNA and COX-2 protein is constitutively expressed in the kidney , brain , spinal cord , and ductus deferens , and in the uterus during implantation . 
In addition , COX-2 is constitutively and dominantly expressed in the pancreatic islet cells . 
These findings might somewhat limit the use of presently available selective COX-2 inhibitors in cancer prevention but will probably not deter their successful application for the treatment of human cancers . Adsorption of fibrinogen was theoretically studied using the three dimensional ( 3D ) random sequential adsorption ( RSA ) model . 
Fibrinogen molecule shape was approximated by the bead model considering the presence of flexible side arms . 
Various cases were considered inter alia , the side-on adsorption mechanisms and the 3D side-on / end-on simultaneous adsorption mechanism . 
The latter mechanisms is pertinent to fibrinogen adsorption at lower pH where the entire molecule is positively charged . 
Extensive calculations enabled one to determine the jamming surface concentration ( coverage ) of molecules adsorbed under the side-on and end-on orientations as well as the total coverage . 
For the 3D model the maximum surface concentration was 7 . 29x103 μm-2 corresponding to the protein coverage of 4 . 12 mg m-2 ( without considering hydration ) . 
Additionally , the surface blocking functions for the side-on and the 3D adsorption regimes were determined and analytically approximated for the entire range of coverage by the interpolating polynomials . 
Using these blocking functions , fibrinogen adsorption kinetics for diffusion controlled transport conditions was evaluated . 
Comparison of these theoretical results with experimental data was made . 
It was demonstrated that the 3D model properly reflects the maximum coverage of fibrinogen adsorbed on latex particles determined via the electrokinetic ( electrophoretic mobility ) and AFM measurements . 
Also , streaming potential measurements of fibrinogen adsorption kinetics on mica were successfully interpreted in terms of the 3D adsorption model . 
The theoretical results derived in this work have implications for basic science providing information on mechanisms of anisotropic protein adsorption . 
Key words : adsorption of fibrinogen , fibrinogen adsorption at lower pH , irreversible adsorption of fibrinogen , jamming coverage of fibrinogen , kinetics of fibrinogen adsorption , random sequential adsorption modeling of fibrinogen adsorption . BACKGROUND AND AIMS : Thymidylate synthase ( TS ) is an important enzyme for DNA synthesis and the target for 5-fluorouracil ( 5-FU ) . 
Its expression may determine the outcome of patients with gastrointestinal cancers . 
We examined the prognostic and predictive value of TS-protein expression in patients with ductal adenocarcinoma of the pancreas . 
METHODS : TS expression from 131 patients with ductal adenocarcinoma of the pancreas was analyzed by immunohistochemistry in paraffin-embedded primary tumour specimens or biopsies . 
RESULTS : The median disease-specific survival among all patients ( n = 131 ) was 13 months . 
The invasion depth , the presence of metastases , grading and Union Internationale Contre le Cancer [ International Union Against Cancer ] ( UICC ) stage were associated with survival . 
Among resected patients ( n = 98 ) , a difference in median survival was seen in the group receiving postoperative adjuvant treatment ( 21 . 1 months ) compared with the group treated by surgery alone ( 12 . 4 months ) ( p = 0 . 025 ) . 
Low- and high-TS immunoreactivity was present in 74 ( 56% ) and 56 ( 43% ) of the cancers , respectively . 
One sample was not evaluable . 
No difference in median survival was observed among low- and high-TS-expressing tumours . 
Among patients undergoing resection and receiving postoperative intra-arterial chemotherapy ( n = 23 ) , a marked trend to a longer median survival was seen for the group with low-TS-expressing tumours compared with the corresponding high-TS group ( 25 . 0 vs 16 . 0 months ) ( p = 0 . 3834 ) . 
There was no difference in survival among all palliative treated patients with low- and high-TS-expressing tumours . 
CONCLUSION : Especially patients undergoing tumour resection with low-TS values seemed to have taken advantage from an intensified postoperative chemotherapeutic protocol . 
However due to the heterogeneous group of patients in the present report , larger trials of more homogenous patient populations will be necessary to confirm this hypothesis . Activation of Rac1 GTPase by nanoparticulate structures in human macrophages . The Thai banded tiger wasp ( Vespa affinis ) is one of the most dangerous vespid species in Southeast Asia , and stinging accidents involving this species still cause fatalities . 
In the present study , four forms of V . 
affinis phospholipase A ( 1 ) were identified through a proteomics approach . 
Two of these enzymes were purified by reverse-phase chromatography , and their biochemical properties were characterised . 
These enzymes , designated Ves a 1s , are not glycoproteins and exist as 33441 . 5 and 33474 . 4 Da proteins , which corresponded with the 34-kDa band observed via SDS-PAGE . 
The thermal stabilities of these enzymes were stronger than snake venom . 
Using an in vivo assay , no difference was found in the toxicities of the different isoforms . 
Furthermore , the toxicity of these enzymes does not appear to be correlated with their PLA ( 1 ) activity . 
The cDNAs of the full-length version of Ves a 1s revealed that the Ves a 1 gene consists of a 1005-bp ORF , which encodes 334 amino acid residues , and 67- and 227-bp 5' and 3' UTRs , respectively . 
The two isoforms are different by three nucleotide substitutions , resulting in the replacement of two amino acids . 
Through sequence alignment , these enzymes were classified as members of the pancreatic lipase family . 
The structural modelling of Ves a 1 used the rat pancreatic lipase-related protein 2 ( 1bu8A ) as a template because it has PLA ( 1 ) activity , which demonstrated that this enzyme belongs to the α / β hydrolase fold family . 
The Ves a 1 structure , which is composed of seven α-helixes and eleven β-strands , contains the β-strand / ɛSer / α-helix structural motif , which contains the Gly-X-Ser-X-Gly consensus sequence . 
The typical surface structures that play important roles in substrate selectivity ( the lid domain and the β9 loop ) were shortened in the Ves a 1 structure , which suggests that this enzyme may only exhibit phospholipase activity . 
Moreover , the observed insertion of proline into the lid domain of the Ves a 1 structure is rare . 
We therefore propose that this proline residue might be involved in the stability and activity of Ves a 1s . Osteoblasts survive the arsenic trioxide treatment by activation of ATM-mediated pathway . Performance of urinary and gene expression biomarkers in detecting the nephrotoxic effects of melamine and cyanuric acid following diverse scenarios of co-exposure . [ Pharmacological effects of a mu-opioid receptor antagonist naltrexone on alcohol dependence ] . The Janus kinases ( JAKs ) are involved in multiple signaling networks relevant to inflammatory diseases , and inhibition of one or more members of this class may modulate disease activity or progression . 
We optimized a new inhibitor scaffold , 3-amido-5-cyclopropylpyrrolopyrazines , to a potent example with reasonable kinome selectivity , including selectivity for JAK3 versus JAK1 , and good biopharmaceutical properties . 
Evaluation of this analogue in cellular and in vivo models confirmed functional selectivity for modulation of a JAK3 / JAK1-dependent IL-2 stimulated pathway over a JAK1 / JAK2 / Tyk2-dependent IL-6 stimulated pathway . Curcumin inhibits invasion and metastasis in K1 papillary thyroid cancer cells . The structure-based design , synthesis , and biological evaluation of a new pyrazole series of irreversible KAT II inhibitors are described herein . 
The modification of the inhibitor scaffold of 1 and 2 from a dihydroquinolinone core to a tetrahydropyrazolopyridinone core led to discovery of a new series of potent KAT II inhibitors with excellent physicochemical properties . 
Compound 20 is the most potent and lipophilically efficient of these new pyrazole analogs , with a k ( inact ) / K ( i ) value of 112 , 000 M ( -1 ) s ( -1 ) and lipophilic efficiency ( LipE ) of 8 . 53 . 
The X-ray crystal structure of 20 with KAT II demonstrates key features that contribute to this remarkable potency and binding efficiency . YM-359445 , an orally bioavailable vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-2 tyrosine kinase inhibitor , has highly potent antitumor activity against established tumors . Pharmacological analysis of contractile effects of eletriptan and sumatriptan on human isolated blood vessels . Human plasma-derived BuChE as a stoichiometric bioscavenger for treatment of nerve agent poisoning . The Drosophila fat body is a liver- and adipose-like tissue that stores fat and serves as a detoxifying and immune responsive organ . 
We have previously shown that a high sugar diet leads to elevated hemolymph glucose and systemic insulin resistance in developing larvae and adults . 
Here , we used stable isotope tracer feeding to demonstrate that rearing larvae on high sugar diets impaired the synthesis of esterified fatty acids from dietary glucose . 
Fat body lipid profiling revealed changes in both carbon chain length and degree of unsaturation of fatty acid substituents , particularly in stored triglycerides . 
We tested the role of the fat body in larval tolerance of caloric excess . 
Our experiments demonstrated that lipogenesis was necessary for animals to tolerate high sugar feeding as tissue-specific loss of orthologs of carbohydrate response element-binding protein or stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 resulted in lethality on high sugar diets . 
By contrast , increasing the fat content of the fat body by knockdown of king-tubby was associated with reduced hyperglycemia and improved growth and tolerance of high sugar diets . 
Our work supports a critical role for the fat body and the Drosophila carbohydrate response element-binding protein ortholog in metabolic homeostasis in Drosophila . Plasma membrane disruptions occur in mechanically active tissues such as the epidermis and can lead to cell death if the damage remains unrepaired . 
Repair occurs through fusion of vesicle patches to the damaged membrane region . 
The enzyme phospholipase D ( PLD ) is involved in membrane traffickiing; therefore , the role of PLD in membrane repair was investigated . 
Generation of membrane disruptions by lifting epidermal keratinocytes from the substratum induced PLD activation , whereas removal of cells from the substratum via trypsinization had no effect . 
Pretreatment with 1 , 25-dihydroxyvitamin D₃ , previously shown to increase PLD1 expression and activity , had no effect on , and a PLD2-selective ( but not a PLD1-selective ) inhibitor decreased , cell lifting-induced PLD activation , suggesting PLD2 as the isoform activated . 
PLD2 interacts functionally with the glycerol channel aquaporin-3 ( AQP3 ) to produce phosphatidylglycerol ( PG ) ; however , wounding resulted in decreased PG production , suggesting a potential PG deficiency in wounded cells . 
Cell lifting-induced PLD activation was transient , consistent with a possible role in membrane repair , and PLD inhibitors inhibited membrane resealing upon laser injury . 
In an in vivo full-thickness mouse skin wound model , PG accelerated wound healing . 
These results suggest that PLD and the PLD2 / AQP3 signaling module may be involved in membrane repair and wound healing . Pharmacological profile of LF 16-0687 , a new potent non-peptide bradykinin B2 receptor antagonist . Bamboo salt is a traditional food widely used in Korea . 
The in vitro anticancer effects of this salt were evaluated in HCT-116 human colon cancer cells using a 3- ( 4 , 5-dimethyl-2-thiazolyl ) -2 , 5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide ( MTT ) assay . 
A 1% salt concentration of bamboo salt baked nine times ( 9× ) inhibited the growth of HCT-116 cells by 53% , which was higher than salt baked three times ( 3× ) or once ( 1×; 44% and 41% , respectively ) and much higher than solar sea salt ( Korean sea salt ) and purified salt ( 22% and 18% , respectively ) . 
To elucidate the inhibitory mechanisms underlying the anticancer effect of the salt samples in cancer cells , expression of genes associated with apoptosis , inflammation , and metastasis was measured with reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction and Western blotting . 
Bamboo salt ( 9× ) significantly induced apoptosis in cancer cells ( P< . 05 ) by upregulating Bax , caspase-9 , and caspase-3 , and downregulating Bcl-2 . 
The expression of genes associated with inflammation ( NF-κB , iNOS , and COX-2 ) was significantly downregulated ( P< . 05 ) by 9× bamboo salt , demonstrating its anti-inflammatory properties . 
The 9× bamboo salt also exerted a greater anti-metastatic effect on cancer cells than the other salts as demonstrated by decreased mRNA expression of MMP genes and increased expression of tissue inhibitors of metalloproteinases , which was confirmed by the inhibition of tumor metastasis induced in colon 26-M3 . 1 cells in BALB / c mice . 
In contrast , purified and solar salts increased metastasis in the mice . 
Our results demonstrated that 9× bamboo salt had the most potent in vitro anticancer effect , induced apoptosis , had anti-inflammatory activities , and exerted in vivo anti-metastatic effects . 
Additionally , the anticancer , anti-inflammatory , and anti-metastatic effects of the 1× and 3× bamboo salts were stronger than those of the purified and solar salts . Somatic angiotensin I-converting enzyme ( s-ACE ) plays a central role in blood pressure regulation and has been the target of most antihypertensive drugs . 
A displacement isothermal titration calorimetry method has been used to accurately determine the binding constant of three strong s-ACE inhibitors . 
Under the experimental conditions studied in this work , the relative potency of the inhibitors was determined to be enalaprilat>lisinopril>captopril . 
We analyze the thermodynamic behaviour of the binding process using the new structural information provided by the ACE structures , as well as the conformational changes that occur upon binding . [ N- ( piperidin-1-yl ) -5- ( 4-chlorophenyl ) -4-methyl-1H-pyrazole-3-carboxyamide ] ( SR 141716A ) , a selective cannabinoid CB1 receptor antagonist , injected into the paraventricular nucleus of the hypothalamus ( PVN ) of male rats , induces penile erection . 
This effect is mediated by the release of glutamic acid , which in turn activates central oxytocinergic neurons mediating penile erection . 
Double immunofluorescence studies with selective antibodies against CB1 receptors , glutamic acid transporters ( vesicular glutamate transporters 1 and 2 ( VGlut1 and VGlut2 ) , glutamic acid decarboxylase-67 ( GAD67 ) and oxytocin itself , have shown that CB1 receptors in the PVN are located mainly in GABAergic terminals and fibers surrounding oxytocinergic cell bodies . 
As GABAergic synapses in the PVN impinge directly on oxytocinergic neurons or on excitatory glutamatergic synapses , which also impinge on oxytocinergic neurons , these results suggest that the blockade of CB1 receptors decreases GABA release in the PVN , increasing in turn glutamatergic neurotransmission to activate oxytocinergic neurons mediating penile erection . 
Autoradiography studies with [ ( 3 ) H ] ( - ) -CP 55 , 940 show that chronic treatment with SR 141716A for 15 days twice daily ( 1 mg / kg i . 
p . 
) significantly increases the density of CB1 receptors in the PVN . 
This increase occurs concomitantly with an almost twofold increase in the pro-erectile effect of SR 141716A injected into the PVN as compared with control rats . 
The present findings confirm that PVN CB1 receptors , localized mainly in GABAergic synapses that control in an inhibitory fashion excitatory synapses , exert an inhibitory control on penile erection , demonstrating for the first time that chronic blockade of CB1 receptors by SR 141716A increases the density of these receptors in the PVN . 
This increase is related to an enhanced pro-erectile effect of SR 141716A , which is still present 3 days after the end of the chronic treatment . E-64d ( a calpain and autophagy inhibitor ) has previously been shown safe for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease in humans . 
In the present study , the potential protective mechanism of E-64d on hippocampal aberrant mossy fiber sprouting was examined in a developmental rat model of penicillin-induced recurrent epilepticus . 
A seizure was induced by penicillin every other day in Sprague-Dawley rats from postnatal day 21 ( P21 ) . 
The rats were randomly assigned into the control group ( CONT1 ) , the control plus E-64d ( CONT2 ) , the seizure group ( EXP1 ) and the seizure plus E-64d ( EXP2 ) . 
On P51 , mossy fiber sprouting and related gene expression in hippocampus were assessed by Timm staining and real-time RT-PCR methods , respectively . 
To validate the RT-PCR results , western blot analysis was performed on selected genes . 
E-64d obviously suppressed the aberrant mossy fiber sprouting in the supragranular region of dentate gyrus and CA3 subfield of hippocampus . 
Among the total twelve genes , six genes were strongly up- ( MT-3 , ACAT1 , clusterin and ApoE ) or down- ( ZnT-1 and PRG-3 ) regulated by developmental seizures ( EXP1 ) compared with that in the CONT1 . 
Up-regulation of ApoE and Clusterin was blocked by pretreatment with E-64d both in mRNA and protein levels . 
Further , E-64d-pretreated seizure rats ( EXP2 ) showed a significant downregulation of mRNA expression of PRG-1 , PRG-3 and PRG-5 , cathepsin B and ApoE , as well as up-regulated nSMase and ANX7 in hippocampus when compared with EXP1 rats . 
The results of the present study suggest that E-64d , an elective inhibitor of calpain and autophagy , is potentially useful in the treatment of developmental seizure-induced brain damage both by regulating abnormal zinc signal transduction and through the modulation of altered lipid metabolism via ApoE / clusterin pathway in hippocampus . Antioxidants and mucolytics in COPD management : when ( if ever ) and in Abstract Bombesin and its derivatives exhibit a high affinity for gastrin-releasing peptide receptor ( GRPr ) , which is over-expressed in a variety of human cancers ( prostate , pancreatic , lung , etc . 
) . 
The aim of this study was to investigate the in vitro potential of the hydrazinonicotinamide ( HYNIC ) -Q-Litorin . 
( 99m ) Tc labeling was performed by using different co-ligands : tricine and ethylenediamine diacetic acid ( EDDA ) . 
The radiochemical stability of radiolabeled peptide conjugates was checked at room temperature and in cysteine solution up to 24 h . 
The in vitro cell uptake of ( 99m ) Tc-EDDA-HYNIC-Q-Litorin and ( 99m ) Tc-tricine-HYNIC-Q-Litorin were evaluated on pancreatic tumor and control cell lines . 
Optimum specific activity and incubation time were determined for all the cell lines . 
The results showed that the cell uptake of the radiolabeled peptide conjugates in tumor cell lines were higher than in the control cell line . 
The findings of this study indicated the need for further development of in vivo study as a radiopharmaceutical for pancreatic tumor imaging . Complexity in influenza virus targeted drug design : interaction with human sialidases . Role of muscarinic receptor activation in regulating immune cell activity in nasal mucosa . Caffeine as a psychomotor stimulant : mechanism of action . The frontotemporal lobar degeneration risk factor , TMEM106B , regulates lysosomal morphology and function . Failure of ritodrine to prevent preterm labor in the sheep . Epratuzumab , a CD22-targeting recombinant humanized antibody with a different mode of action from rituximab . Selective dopamine D4 receptor antagonists reverse apomorphine-induced blockade of prepulse inhibition . Theoretical and Kinetic Study of the Reaction of Ethyl Methyl Ketone with HO2 for T = 600 - 1 , 600 K . 
Part II : Addition Reaction Channels . 6-Chloro-3-alkylamino-4H-thieno [ 3 , 2-e ] -1 , 2 , 4-thiadiazine 1 , 1-dioxide derivatives were synthesized and characterized as activators of adenosine 5'-triphosphate ( ATP ) sensitive potassium ( K ( ATP ) ) channels in the beta-cells by measuring effects on membrane potential and insulin release in vitro . 
The effects on vascular tissue in vitro were measured on rat aorta and small mesenteric vessels . 
Selected compounds were characterized as competitive inhibitors of [ ( 3 ) H ] glibenclamide binding to membranes of HEK293 cells expressing human SUR1 / Kir6 . 2 and as potent inhibitors of insulin release in isolated rat islets . 
6-Chloro-3- ( 1-methylcyclobutyl ) amino-4H-thieno [ 3 , 2-e ] -1 , 2 , 4-thiadiazine 1 , 1-dioxide ( 54 ) was found to bind and activate the SUR1 / Kir6 . 2 K ( ATP ) channels in the low nanomolar range and to be at least 1000 times more potent than the reference compound diazoxide with respect to inhibition of insulin release from rat islets . 
Several compounds , e . 
g . 
, 3-propylamino- ( 30 ) , 3-isopropylamino- ( 34 ) , 3- ( S ) -sec-butylamino- ( 37 ) , and 3- ( 1-methylcyclopropyl ) amino-4H-thieno [ 3 , 2-e ] -1 , 2 , 4-thiadiazine 1 , 1-dioxide ( 53 ) , which were found to be potent and beta-cell selective activators of K ( ATP ) channels in vitro , were found to inhibit insulin secretion in rats with minimal effects on blood pressure and to exhibit good oral pharmacokinetic properties . Our objective was to elucidate a temporal profile of expression of antioxidant enzymes ( AOEs ) and glutathione redox status in rat liver under the influence of thyroid hormone ( T3 ) . 
The key AOEs , superoxide dismutase ( SOD ) , catalase , glutathione peroxidase ( GPx-1 ) and glutathione reductase ( GR ) were characterized at transcriptional , translational and biochemical levels after 24 h , 72 h and 120 h of treatment . 
In general , catalase and GPx-1 showed opposite responses in both transcription and translation . 
T3 treatment caused tightly coordinated downregulation of catalase . 
However , transcriptional changes of other AOEs over the different durations of treatment were not always reflected in their respective protein and / or activity levels . 
Discordance among transcripts , proteins and biological activities of AOEs suggested differential regulation by T3 at multiple levels . 
Reduced and oxidized glutathione were depleted in hyperthyroid rats . 
Though T3 exerted a positive stimulatory effect on glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase , it was not sufficient to compensate for massive glutathione depletion and impaired activities of GPx-1 , GR and GST , disturbing the cellular redox status in the process . 
Apparently , while transcriptional induction of AOEs might be adaptive responses in conditions of oxidative stress , yet post-transcriptional regulation appeared to be the predominant mechanism of regulation of AOE expression . Aromatase inhibitors in the treatment of breast cancer . A water-soluble low molecular weight polysaccharide ( SCPP11 ) was extracted and purified using DEAE-cellulose and Sephadex G-100 column from Schisandra chinensis ( Turcz . 
) Baill . 
Its in vivo and in vitro antitumor and immunomodulatory activity were investigated . 
The results showed that SCPP11 with a molecular weight of 3 . 4×10 ( 3 ) Da exhibited indirect cyctotoxic activity against tumor cells in vitro , but could significantly inhibit the growth of Heps cells in vivo at dose of 50mg / kg , and its inhibition rate is higher than that in the positive group . 
Moreover , SCPP11 could ameliorate the hematological and biochemical parameters to almost normal and no significant changes in organ weight , and could increase the body weight . 
In addition , SCPP11 ( at 50mg / kg ) could also increased in thymus indexes as well as IL-2 and TNF-α levels in serum in vivo and significantly enhance the phagocytosis activity and the productions of NO of RAW264 . 7 in vitro . 
The results indicated that antitumor properties of SCPP11 might be achieved by improving immune response . 
It could be explored as a potential adjuvant against cancer used in the health food and pharmaceutical therapy . Although angiogenesis and osteogenesis are critically linked , the importance of angiogenesis for stress fracture healing is unknown . 
In this study , mechanical loading was used to create a non-displaced stress fracture in the adult rat forelimb . 
Fumagillin , an anti-angiogenic agent , was used as the water soluble analogue TNP-470 ( 25mg / kg ) as well as incorporated into lipid-encapsulated α ( v ) β ( 3 ) integrin targeted nanoparticles ( 0 . 25mg / kg ) . 
In the first experiment , TNP-470 was administered daily for 5 days following mechanical loading , and changes in gene expression , vascularity , and woven bone formation were quantified . 
Although no changes in vascularity were detected 3 days after loading , treatment-related downregulation of angiogenic ( Pecam1 ) and osteogenic ( Bsp , Osx ) genes was observed at this early time point . 
On day 7 , microCT imaging of loaded limbs revealed diminished woven bone formation in treated limbs compared to vehicle treated limbs . 
In the second experiment , α ( v ) β ( 3 ) integrin targeted fumagillin nanoparticles were administered as before , albeit with a 100-fold lower dose , and changes in vascularity and woven bone formation were determined . 
There were no treatment-related changes in vessel count or volume 3 days after loading , although fewer angiogenic ( CD105 positive ) blood vessels were present in treated limbs compared to vehicle treated limbs . 
This result manifested on day 7 as a reduction in total vascularity , as measured by histology ( vessel count ) and microCT ( vessel volume ) . 
Similar to the first experiment , treated limbs had diminished woven bone formation on day 7 compared to vehicle treated limbs . 
These results indicate that angiogenesis is required for stress fracture healing , and may have implications for inducing rapid repair of stress fractures . PURPOSE : Chemotherapy regimens based on anthracycline ( doxorubicin ) are well established in lymphoma therapy . 
The purpose of this study was to examine the effects of L-carnitine with a view to reducing cytotoxic side-effects . 
METHODS : 20 patients were scheduled to receive 3 g L-carnitine before each chemotherapy cycle , followed by 1 g L-carnitine / day during the following 21 days , while 20 patients received a placebo ( randomized controlled trial ) . 
The plasma lipid profile and relative mRNA levels of key enzymes of oxidative metabolism ( carnitine acyltransferases ) were measured at three points of time . 
In addition to the clinical parameters we used the mRNA of white blood cells to evaluate the toxic effects on cardiomyocytes . 
RESULTS : In the present study no cardiotoxicity of anthracycline therapy was detected . 
Carnitine treated patients showed a rise in plasma carnitine which led to an increase of relative mRNA levels from CPT1A ( liver isoform of carnitine palmitoyltransferase ) and OCTN2 ( carnitine transporter ) . 
Following chemotherapy , an activation of carnitine acyltransferases was associated with a stimulation of OCTN2 in both groups . 
CONCLUSION : Biochemical and molecular analyses indicated a stimulation of oxidative metabolism in white blood cells through carnitine uptake . Acute and long-term effects of acebutolol on systemic and renal hemodynamics , body fluid volumes , catecholamines , active renin , aldosterone , and lymphocyte beta-adrenoceptor density . 1 . 
The effects of repeated administration of the tricyclic antidepressant drug , desipramine ( DMI ) , on behaviour ( locomotor activity and rearing ) and the number and affinity of brain beta-adrenoceptor and 5-HT2A receptor binding sites were examined in olfactory bulbectomized ( OB ) and sham-operated control rats . 
2 . 
Locomotor activity and rearing were increased in OB rats compared to sham-operated controls . 
The effect of various doses of DMI ( administered orally twice daily for 21 days ) on these behavioural measures was examined . 
A dose of 7 . 5 mg kg-1 provided optimal reversal of hyperlocomotion and increased rearing in OB rats , without changing these measures in sham-operated controls . 
3 . 
The time course of DMI ( 7 . 5 mg kg-1 ) on behavioural and neurochemical measures was examined . 
locomotion and rearing in OB rats were not significantly altered after 7 days , were significantly attenuated after 14 days and were normalized after 21 days . 
4 . 
After 7 days of DMI administration the number of beta-adrenoceptors was lower in frontal and occipital cortex and hippocampus . 
This reduction was largely restricted to the beta 1-adrenoceptor subtype . 
Administration of DMI for 14 or 21 days did not further reduce the number of beta-adrenoceptors . 
The DMI induced reduction in beta-adrenoceptors did not differ in OB and sham-operated control rats . 
5 . 
DMI administration for up to 21 days produced a progressive reduction in the number of 5-HT2A receptors in frontal cortex , without significant alterations in occipital cortex . 
6 . 
The time course of the reduction in the number of 5-HT2A receptors was similar to that of the DMI-induced behavioural changes whereas that for the reduction in beta-adrenoceptors was clearly different . 
7 . 
The present results suggest that the action of DMI in this animal model is unlikely to be directly related to a reduction in beta-adrenoceptors but may be related to a reduction in frontal cortical 5-HT2A receptors . Activity-dependent cleavage of brain glutamic acid decarboxylase 65 by calpain . This review examines the possible receptor basis of the atypical action of those atypical antipsychotic drugs that elicit low levels of Parkinsonism . 
Such an examination requires consistent and accurate dissociation constants for the antipsychotic drugs at the relevant dopamine and serotonin receptors . 
It has long been known , however , that the dissociation constant of a given antipsychotic drug at the dopamine D2 receptor varies between laboratories . 
Although such variation depends on several factors , it has recently been recognized that the radioligand used to measure the competition between the antipsychotic drug and the radioligand is an important variable . 
The present review summarizes information on this radioligand dependence . 
In general , a radioligand of low solubility in the membrane ( i . 
e . 
, low tissue : buffer partition ) results in a low value for the antipsychotic dissociation constant when the drug competes with the radioligand . 
Hence , by first obtaining the antipsychotic dissociation constants using different radioligands of different solubility in the membrane , one can then extrapolate the data to low or "zero" ligand solubility . 
The extrapolated value represents the radioligand-independent dissociation constant of the antipsychotic . 
These values are here given for dopamine D2 and D4 receptors , as well as for serotonin 5-HT2A receptors . 
These values , moreover , agree with the dissociation constant directly obtained with the radioactive antipsychotic itself . 
For example , clozapine revealed a radioligand-independent value of 1 . 6 nM at the dopamine D4 receptor , agreeing with the value directly measured with [ 3H ] -clozapine at D4 . 
However , because clozapine competes with endogenous dopamine , the in vivo concentration of clozapine ( to occupy dopamine D4 receptors ) can be derived to be about 13 nM , agreeing with the value of 12 to 20 nM in the plasma water or spinal fluid observed in treated patients . 
The atypical neuroleptics remoxipride , clozapine , perlapine , seroquel , and melperone had low affinity for the dopamine D2 receptor ( radioligand-independent dissociation constants of 30 to 90 nM ) . 
Such low affinity makes these latter five drugs readily displaceable by high levels of endogenous dopamine in the caudate or putamen . 
Most typical neuroleptics have radioligand-independent values of 0 . 3 to 5 nM at dopamine D2 receptors , making them more resistant to displacement by endogenous dopamine . 
Finally , a relation was found between the neuroleptic doses for rat catalepsy and the D2 : D4 ratio of the radioligand-independent K values for these two receptors . 
Thus , the atypical neuroleptics appear to fall into two groups , those that have a low affinity for dopamine D2 receptors and those that are selective for dopamine D4 receptors . Toosendanin ( TSN ) , a triterpenoid isolated from Melia toosendan Sieb . 
et Zucc . 
, has been found to suppress proliferation and induce apoptosis in a variety of human cancer cells . 
However , the mechanism how TSN induces apoptosis remains poorly understood . 
In this study , we examined the effects of TSN on the growth , cell cycle arrest , induction of apoptosis and the involved signaling pathway in human promyelocytic leukemia HL-60 cells . 
Proliferation of HL-60 cells was inhibited in a dose-dependent manner with the IC ( 50 ( 48 h ) ) of 28 ng / mL . 
The growth inhibition was due primarily to the S phase arrest and cell apoptosis . 
Cell apoptosis induced by TSN was confirmed by Annexin V-FITC / propidium iodide staining . 
The increase of the pro-apoptotic protein Bax , cleaved PARP and caspase-3 , and the decrease of anti-apoptotic protein Bcl-2 were observed . 
Western blot analysis indicated that TSN inhibits the CDC42 / MEKK1 / JNK pathway . 
Taken together , our study suggested , for the first time , that the pro-apoptotic effects of TSN on HL-60 cells were mediated through JNK signaling pathway . INTRODUCTION : Canagliflozin is an orally administered sodium glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitor proposed for the treatment of type 2 diabetes . 
Canagliflozin improves glycemic control in an insulin-independent fashion through inhibition of glucose reuptake in the kidney . 
AREAS COVERED : This article reviews the available data on the pharmacodynamics , the pharmacokinetics and metabolism , and the efficacy and safety of canagliflozin . 
Relevant articles were identified via PubMed using the search term canagliflozin with no date restriction . 
The authors also discuss the abstracts from canagliflozin studies presented at large diabetes conferences . 
EXPERT OPINION : Canagliflozin offers a relatively modest reduction in HbA1c , FPG , and PPG . 
It has a low incidence of hypoglycemia and a reduction in body weight . 
Dose adjustment may be recommended in the elderly , those on loop diuretics , and those with an estimated glomerular filtration rate ( eGFR ) < 60 ml / min / 1 . 73 m ( 2 ) if there are concerns or symptoms of volume-related side effects . 
Issues remain with observed increases in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol ( LDL-C ) and the odds of heart attack and stroke . 
Canagliflozin offers a novel mechanism of action , a modest glycemic control , and a favorable side-effect profile . 
It was approved by the US Food and Drug Administration in April 2013 and is undergoing evaluation by the European Medicines Agency . Drug development for multiple sclerosis ( MS ) , as with any other neurological disease , faces numerous challenges , with many drugs failing at various stages of development . 
The disease-modifying therapies ( DMTs ) first introduced for MS are only moderately effective , but given the lack of competition , they have been widely accepted in clinical practice . 
Although safety and efficacy continue to be the two main metrics by which drugs will be judged , the newer agents in the market also face challenges of a more comparative nature-are they more efficacious than the currently available drugs on the market? Are they safer or better tolerated? Do they offer any practical advantages over current treatments? Fingolimod represented a milestone following its approval as an oral drug for MS in 2010 , offering patients a far more convenient administration route . 
However , association with cardiovascular complications has led to a more cautious approach in its initial prescribing , now requiring cardiac monitoring for the first 6 h as well as subsequent monitoring of blood pressure and for macular oedema . 
Natalizumab , amongst licensed drugs , represents the current benchmark for efficacy . 
The risk of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy during natalizumab treatment is now more quantifiable . 
Other monoclonal antibodies are in various phases of development . 
Marketing authorisation for alemtuzumab has been filed , and whilst trial data suggest that its efficacy outperforms both licensed drugs and others in development , there is a significant risk of secondary autoimmunity . 
Its once-yearly administration , however , seems particularly advantageous . 
Rituximab is unlikely to be developed further as its license will expire , but ocrelizumab , another monoclonal antibody directly targeting B cells , is currently in phase 2 development and looks promising . 
Daclizumab is also moderately efficacious but may struggle to establish itself given its monthly subcutaneous dosing . 
There are new oral drugs in development , and it is likely that BG-12 will be licensed this year . 
This has been licensed for psoriasis so there are good safety data in humans that may also hold true in MS; however , its three times daily dosage will probably impact on patient compliance . 
Laquinimod has lower efficacy than BG-12 but appears safe and could find a place as a first-line agent . 
Teriflunomide has just been licensed by the US FDA and may challenge the current injectable first-line therapies as it has a similar efficacy but the advantage of being taken orally . 
However , risk of teratogenicity may caution against its use in some women of child-bearing potential . 
This review will examine drugs that have been recently approved as well as those that are in late phase 2 or 3 development as treatment for relapsing MS , highlighting their mechanism of action as well as the clinical trial and safety data before discussing their potential for success in an increasingly florid and complex DMT armamentarium . Modulation of the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor by haloperidol : NR2B-specific interactions . Aldehyde dehydrogenase 1 ( ALDH1A1 ) catalyzes the oxidation of toxic aldehydes to carboxylic acids . 
Physiologic levels of Mg ( 2 + ) ions decrease ALDH1 activity in part by increasing NADH binding affinity to the enzyme . 
By using time-resolved fluorescence spectroscopy , we have resolved the fluorescent lifetimes ( τ ) of free NADH in solution ( τ = 0 . 4 ns ) and two enzyme-bound NADH states ( τ = 2 . 0 ns and τ = 7 . 7 ns ) . 
We used this technique to investigate the effects of Mg ( 2 + ) ions on the ALDH1A1-NADH binding characteristics and enzyme catalysis . 
From the resolved free and bound NADH fluorescence signatures , the KD values for both NADH conformations in ALDH1A1 ranged from about 24 μM to 1 μM for Mg ( 2 + ) ion concentrations of 0-6000 μM , respectively . 
The rate constants for dissociation of the enzyme-NADH complex ranged from 0 . 03 s ( -1 ) ( 6000 μM Mg ( 2 + ) ) to 0 . 30s ( -1 ) ( 0 μM Mg ( 2 + ) ) as determined by addition of excess NAD ( + ) to prevent re-association of NADH and resolving the real-time NADH fluorescence signal . 
During the initial reaction of enzyme with NAD ( + ) and butyraldehyde , there was an immediate rise in the NADH fluorescence , due to the formation of bound NADH complexes , with a constant steady-state rate of production of free NADH . 
As the Mg ( 2 + ) ion concentration was increased , there was a consistent decrease of the enzyme catalytic turnover from 0 . 31 s ( -1 ) ( 0 μM Mg ( 2 + ) ) to 0 . 050 s ( -1 ) ( 6000 μM Mg ( 2 + ) ) and a distinct shift in steady-state conformational population from one that favors the ALDH1-NADH complex with the shorter fluorescence lifetime ( 33% excess ) in the absence of magnesium ion to one that favors the ALDH1-NADH complex with the longer fluorescence lifetime ( 13% excess ) at 6000 μM Mg ( 2 + ) . 
This shift in conformational population at higher Mg ( 2 + ) ion concentrations and to lower enzyme activity may be due to longer residence time of the NADH in the ALDH1 pocket . 
The results from monitoring enzyme catalysis in the absence of magnesium suggests that the ALDH1-NADH complex with the shorter fluorescence lifetime is the form initially produced , and the complex with the longer fluorescence lifetime is produced through isomerization . The effect of fish oil recovered from fish visceral waste ( FVW-FO ) on serum and liver lipids , activity of HMG-CoA reductase in liver microsomes and EPA + DHA incorporation in liver , heart and brain were evaluated . 
Rats were fed different concentrations of FVW-FO providing 1 . 25% , 2 . 50% , 5 . 0% EPA + DHA recovered by either fermentation or enzymatic hydrolysis for 8weeks . 
Feeding FVW-FO reduce triacylglycerols ( 5 . 96-20 . 3% ) , total cholesterol ( 7 . 9-21 . 5% ) and LDL ( 7 . 39-21 . 7% ) cholesterol levels in serum compared to group fed on a control diet ( groundnut oil ) . 
The activity of HMG-CoA reductase was reduced ( p<0 . 05 ) in the FVW-FO fed groups compared to the control . 
EPA + DHA level in serum , liver , brain and heart increased with increments in dietary EPA + DHA . 
Results show the hypolipidemic property of FVW-FO and reduced HMG-CoA reductase activity which is proportional to the incorporation of EPA + DHA . 
Recovery of FVW-FO will address the increasing demand for fish oil and reduce pollution problems . Stable and high-rate overcharge protection for rechargeable lithium batteries . We examined the relationship between PAH-DNA adduct levels in the placental tissue , measured by a highly sensitive ( 32 ) P-postlabeling assay , and the risk of fetal neural tube defects ( NTDs ) . 
We further explored the interaction between PAH-DNA adducts and placental PAHs with respect to NTD risk . 
Placental tissues from 80 NTD-affected pregnancies and 50 uncomplicated normal pregnancies were included in this case-control study . 
Levels of PAH-DNA adducts were lower in the NTD group ( 8 . 12 per 10 ( 8 ) nucleotides ) compared to controls ( 9 . 92 per 10 ( 8 ) nucleotides ) . 
PAH-DNA adduct concentrations below the median was associated with a 3-fold increased NTD risk . 
Women with a low PAH-DNA adduct level in concert with a high placental PAH level resulted in a 10-fold elevated risk of having an NTD-complicated pregnancy . 
A low level of placental PAH-DNA adducts was associated with an increased risk of NTDs; this risk increased dramatically when a low adduct level was coupled with a high placental PAH concentration . Inbred mouse strains display significant differences in their levels of brain alpha7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor ( alpha7 nAChR ) expression , as measured by binding of the alpha7-selective antagonist alpha-bungarotoxin . 
Variations in alpha-bungarotoxin binding have been shown to correlate with an animal's sensitivity to nicotine-induced seizures and sensory gating . 
In two inbred mouse strains , C3H / 2Ibg ( C3H ) and DBA / 2Ibg ( DBA / 2 ) , the inter-strain binding differences are linked to a restriction length polymorphism in the alpha7 nAChR gene , Chrna7 . 
Despite this finding , the molecular mechanism ( s ) through which genetic variability in Chrna7 may contribute to alpha7 nAChR expression differences remains unknown . 
However , studies of the human alpha7 nAChR gene ( CHRNA7 ) previously have demonstrated that CHRNA7 promoter polymorphisms are associated with differences in promoter activity as well as differences in sensory processing . 
In the present study , a 947-base pair region of the Chrna7 promoter was cloned from both the C3H and DBA / 2 inbred mouse strains in an attempt to identify polymorphisms that may underlie alpha7 nAChR differential expression . 
Sequence analysis of these fragments identified 14 single nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNPs ) . 
A combination of two of these SNPs affects promoter activity in an in vitro luciferase reporter assay . 
These results suggest a mechanism through which the Chrna7 promoter genotype may influence interstrain variations in alpha7 nAChR expression . The ethylene bis-dithiocarbamate fungicide Mancozeb activates voltage-gated KCNQ2 potassium channel . Exploring the mechanism of agonist efficacy : a relationship between efficacy and agonist dissociation rate at the muscarinic M3 receptor . Pathways are computed for transport of H2O and CO in myoglobin ( Mb ) , using the single sweep and zero-temperature string methods in a fully atomistic , explicitly solvated model system . 
Our predictions of sites and barriers in the pathways for CO transport agree with previous studies . 
For H2O , we predict a binding site in the distal pocket ( DP ) , in agreement with crystallographic observations , and another one close to Leu 29 which explains the importance of this residue in controlling the pocket's hydrophobicity , as well as disordered minima in the largely apolar xenon cavities . 
In particular , H2O can occupy and transition among the xenon cavities , Xe4 , Xe2 , and Xe3 . 
Our results support the hypothesis that the thermodynamically most favorable entry / exit portal for H2O is the so-called histidine gate ( HG ) , the same as for CO . 
This result , along with the observation of water occupation of both DP and apolar Xe cavities , suggest that water and small gas molecules like CO compete for access to the protein interior , and therefore models of gas molecule transport within proteins should also explicitly consider water transport . Atomoxetine increases extracellular levels of norepinephrine and dopamine in prefrontal cortex of rat : a potential mechanism for efficacy in attention deficit / hyperactivity disorder . Organic anion transporting polypeptides ( rodents , Oatps; human , OATPs ) are primarily involved in the transmembrane transportation of a wide range of endogenous and exogenous compounds . 
Multiple mouse Oatp1 isoforms are closely located on chromosome 6 , where each isoform shows distinct tissue distribution; Oatp1b2 , Oatp1a6 , and Oatp1c1 are expressed exclusively in the liver , kidney , and cerebrum , respectively; Oatp1a1 in the liver and kidney; and Oatp1a4 in the liver and cerebrum . 
We have identified tissue-dependent differentially methylated region ( T-DMR ) around the transcriptional start site ( TSS ) of Oatp1b2 , which correlates with its liver-specific expression . 
Bisulfite sequencing also demonstrated the presence of T-DMRs around the TSS in other Oatp1 genes : CpG dinucleotides at + 149 relative to the TSS for Oatp1c1; -48 , + 101 , and + 356 for Oatp1a4; -572 and -550 for Oatp1a1; and -122 and + 216 for Oatp1a6 were differentially methylated among the liver , kidney , and cerebrum . 
These methylation profiles were largely consistent with the tissue distribution of Oatp1 mRNAs . 
Chromatin immunoprecipitation assay revealed that the mRNA expression of Oatp1 genes was accompanied by acetylated histone H3 . 
Human OATP1B1 and OATP1B3 are located on chromosome 12p12 in the OATP1 cluster; both show predominant expression in the liver . 
These genes also contained T-DMRs that were hypomethylated in the liver , compared with kidney cortex : -511 , -411 , and + 92 relative to the TSS for OATP1B1 and -331 , + 70 , and + 73 for OATP1B3 . 
These results suggest that the difference in epigenetic profiles comprising DNA methylation and histone acetylation determines the distinct tissue distribution of Oatp / OATP mRNAs . The aim of the present study was to evaluate the cardiac effects of the beta 3-adrenoceptor agonist BRL35135 , and determine whether beta 3-receptors are involved in mediating chronotropic or inotropic responses in man . 
Eight normal males received single oral doses of BRL35135 8 mg ( BRL ) or the selective beta 2-adrenoceptor agonist salbutamol 8 mg ( SAL ) , after pretreatment with either placebo ( PL ) , bisoprolol 5 mg ( B5 ) as a selective beta 1-adrenoceptor antagonist , or nadolol 20 mg ( N20 ) to block beta 1- and beta 2- but not beta 3-receptors . 
Both BRL and SAL produced a significant increase in postural finger tremor in keeping with beta 2-adrenoceptor stimulation , and this response was totally abolished by pretreatment with N20 . 
Significant increases in systolic blood pressure and Doppler stroke distance occurred with BRL and SAL which were unaffected by pretreatment with B5 and completely blocked by N20 , in keeping with beta 2-mediated effects . 
BRL and SAL produced significant chronotropic and minute distance responses which were unaffected by beta 1-adrenoceptor blockade . 
However , whereas N20 blocked these responses to SAL , a small but significant response occurred with BRL in comparison with placebo despite complete blockade of co-existing beta 2-mediated effects . 
Compared with PL , the mean responses to N20 / BRL , and the 95% confidence interval for the differences between the means were 7 . 4 beats min-1 [ 3 . 2 to 11 . 6 ] ( P = 0 . 002 ) for heart rate , and 208 . 8 cm [ 38 . 3 to 379 . 3 ] ( P = 0 . 02 ) for minute distance responses . 
( ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS ) Effect of the ABCB1 modulators elacridar and tariquidar on the distribution of paclitaxel in nude mice . ANKTM1 , a TRP-like channel expressed in nociceptive neurons , is activated by cold temperatures . Amylin receptors : molecular composition and pharmacology . OBJECTIVE : The aim of this study was to assess the efficacy and tolerability of nebulized arformoterol tartrate ( a selective , long-acting beta ( 2 ) -adrenergic agonist that is the [ R , R ] isomer of formoterol ) and salmeterol xinafoate versus placebo in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( COPD ) . 
METHODS : This 12-week , multicenter , randomized , double-blind , double-dummy , placebo- and active-controlled trial was conducted at 60 centers across the United States . 
Male and female patients aged >or = 35 years with physician-diagnosed COPD received arformoterol ( 15 microg BID , 25 microg BID , or 50 microg QD via nebulizer ) , salmeterol ( 42 microg BID via metered dose inhaler ) , or placebo . 
Pulmonary function was assessed by spirometry; dyspnea , by the Transitional Dyspnea Index ( TDI ) ; and health status , by the St . 
George's Respiratory Questionnaire ( SGRQ ) . 
Adverse events ( AEs ) were assessed by site personnel at all clinic visits ( screening , first dose at week 0 , and at weeks 3 , 6 , 9 , 12 , and follow-up ) . 
COPD exacerbations were defined as worsening respiratory status requiring a change in medication or an unscheduled provider visit . 
RESULTS : A total of 717 patients received study medication . 
The demographic composition of all treatment arms was similar . 
The mean age was 62 . 9 years , 58% were men , and mean baseline forced expiratory volume in 1 second ( FEV ( 1 ) ) was 1 . 2 L ( 41% predicted ) . 
Mean improvement in trough FEV ( 1 ) over 12 weeks was significantly greater with all 3 arformoterol doses ( 15 microg BID , + 16 . 9%; 25 microg BID , + 18 . 9%; 50 microg QD , + 14 . 9% ) and for salmeterol ( + 17 . 4% ) relative to placebo ( + 6 . 0%; P < 0 . 001 ) . 
There were significantly greater improvements in the mean percentage change in FEV ( 1 ) AUC ( 0-12h ) from the predose value over 12 weeks ( 15 microg BID , 12 . 7% , 25 microg BID , 13 . 9% , 50 microg QD , 18 . 9%; salmeterol , 9 . 8% ) versus placebo ( 2 . 7%; P <or = 0 . 001 ) ; all doses of arformoterol were statistically different from salmeterol for this end point ( P <or = 0 . 024 ) . 
At week 12 , TDI focal scores were significantly greater with all arformoterol doses compared with placebo ( mean [ 95% CI ] : 15 microg BID , 0 . 97 [ 0 . 25-1 . 69 ] ; 25 microg BID , 1 . 08 [ 0 . 3-1 . 86 ] ; 50 microg QD , 1 . 04 [ 0 . 32-1 . 771 ) , suggesting treatment-associated improvement in dyspnea , however , the difference between salmeterol and placebo was not statistically significant ( 0 . 36 [ -0 . 40 to 1 . 12 ] ) . 
Improvements in health status , as measured using SGRQ total scores , were -2 . 6 to -3 . 6 U in the arformoterol groups , -4 . 4 U for salmeterol , and -1 . 2 U for placebo; 95% CI of differences versus placebo suggested significant improvement for the arformoterol 25 microg BID and salmeterol groups . 
There was a similar frequency of AEs and COPD exacerbations across all groups , including placebo . 
CONCLUSIONS : In this trial , patients with moderate to severe COPD administered nebulized arformoterol over 12 weeks were observed to have significant and sustained improvements in airway function and dyspnea compared with placebo . 
The results also suggest that all doses of arformoterol , including the lowest dose ( 15 microg BID ) , were effective . 
Overall , nebulized arformoterol was well tolerated . The human mineralocorticoid receptor ( MR ) is a member of the steroid-thyroid hormone receptor superfamily , which includes receptors for retinoic acid , vitamin D , and other steroids , such as the glucocorticoids ( which bind the glucocorticoid receptor , GR ) . 
MR and GR , the corticosteroid receptors , share significant homology and are activated by steroid binding , resulting in a conformational change , nuclear translocation , and DNA binding . 
Despite these similarities with GR , the MR remains less well characterized . 
However , protein components known to be present in the unliganded GR are also likely to be components of the heteromeric MR complex . 
In the current study , we investigated whether or not hsp70 , hsp90 , and the immunophilin FKBP-52 are present in the nonsteroid-bound MR complex , because these proteins are known to be present in the unliganded GR complex . 
The unliganded MR complex was assembled in vitro using reticulocyte lysate and in vivo using the baculovirus overexpression system and Spodoptera frugiperda ( Sf9 ) cells . 
Western blot analysis revealed the presence of hsp70 , hsp90 , and FKBP-52 in the unliganded complexes , but hsp90 and FKBP-52 were not detected following exposure to aldosterone . 
Electrophoretic mobility shift analysis demonstrated that DNA binding of MR occurred only after treatment with aldosterone . 
These studies indicate that proteins associated with the unliganded GR are also present in the unliganded MR complex , and that hsp90 and FKBP-52 dissociate prior to DNA binding in a manner similar to that described for GR . 
Finally , the stoichiometric analysis of the proteins present within the heteromeric MR complex suggests a divergence between this receptor and the GR . Perhexiline , 2- ( 2 , 2-dicyclohexylethyl ) piperidine , was originally developed as an anti-anginal drug in the 1970s . 
Despite its success , its use diminished due to the occurrence of poorly understood side effects including neurotoxicity and hepatotoxicity in a small proportion of patients . 
Recently , perhexiline's mechanism of action and the molecular basis of its toxicity have been elucidated . 
Perhexiline reduces fatty acid metabolism through the inhibition of carnitine palmitoyltransferase , the enzyme responsible for mitochondrial uptake of long-chain fatty acids . 
The corresponding shift to greater carbohydrate utilization increases myocardial efficiency ( work done per unit oxygen consumption ) and this oxygen-sparing effect explains its antianginal efficacy . 
Perhexiline's side effects are attributable to high plasma concentrations occurring with standard doses in patients with impaired metabolism due to CYP2D6 mutations . 
Accordingly , dose modification in these poorly metabolizing patients identified through therapeutic plasma monitoring can eliminate any significant side effects . 
Herein we detail perhexiline's pharmacology with particular emphasis on its mechanism of action and its side effects . 
We discuss how therapeutic plasma monitoring has led to perhexiline's safe reintroduction into clinical practice and how recent clinical data attesting to its safety and remarkable efficacy led to a renaissance in its use in both refractory angina and chronic heart failure . 
Finally , we discuss the application of pharmacogenetics in combination with therapeutic plasma monitoring to potentially broaden perhexiline's use in heart failure , aortic stenosis , and other cardiac conditions . The epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) is commonly overexpressed in many human tumors and provides a new target for anticancer drug development . 
ZD1839 ( "Iressa" ) , a quinazoline tyrosine kinase inhibitor selective for the EGFR , has shown good activity in preclinical studies and in the early phase of clinical trials . 
However , because it remains unclear which tumor types are the best targets for treatment with this agent , the molecular characteristics that correlate with tumor sensitivity to ZD1839 have been studied . 
In a panel of human breast cancer and other epithelial tumor cell lines , HER2-overexpressing tumors were particularly sensitive to ZD1839 . 
Growth inhibition of these tumor cell lines was associated with the dephosphorylation of EGFR , HER2 , and HER3 , accompanied by the loss of association of HER3 with phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase , and down-regulation of Akt activity . 
These studies suggest that HER2-overexpressing tumors are particularly susceptible to the inhibition of HER family tyrosine kinase signaling and suggest novel strategies to treat these particularly aggressive tumors . A novel tyrosine kinase switch is a mechanism of imatinib resistance in gastrointestinal stromal tumors . Perhexiline . The histone variant H2AX is a principal component of chromatin involved in the detection , signaling , and repair of DNA double-strand breaks ( DSBs ) . 
H2AX is thought to operate primarily through its C-terminal S139 phosphorylation , which mediates the recruitment of DNA damage response ( DDR ) factors to chromatin at DSB sites . 
Here , we describe a comprehensive screen of 67 residues in H2AX to determine their contributions to H2AX functions . 
Our analysis revealed that H2AX is both sumoylated and ubiquitylated . 
Individual residues defective for sumoylation , ubiquitylation , and S139 phosphorylation in untreated and damaged cells were identified . 
Specifically , we identified an acidic triad region in both H2A and H2AX that is required in cis for their ubiquitylation . 
We also report the characterization of a human H2AX knockout cell line , which exhibits DDR defects , including p53 activation , following DNA damage . 
Collectively , this work constitutes the first genetic complementation system for a histone in human cells . 
Finally , our data reveal new roles for several residues in H2AX and define distinct functions for H2AX in human cells . OBJECTIVEMacrovascular disease may contribute to increased risk of accelerated cognitive decline in patients with type 2 diabetes . 
We aimed to determine associations of measures of macrovascular disease with cognitive change in a cognitively healthy older population with type 2 diabetes . 
RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODSEight-hundred thirty-one men and women ( aged 60-75 years ) attended two waves of the prospective Edinburgh Type 2 Diabetes Study ( ET2DS ) . 
At baseline , clinical and subclinical macrovascular disease was measured , including cardiovascular event history , carotid intima-media thickness ( cIMT ) , ankle brachial index ( ABI ) , and serum N-terminal probrain natriuretic peptide ( NT-proBNP ) . 
Seven neuropsychological tests were administered at baseline and after 4 years; scores were combined to a standardized general ability factor ( g ) . 
Adjustment of follow-up g for baseline g assessed 4-year cognitive change . 
Adjustment for vocabulary ( estimated premorbid ability ) was used to estimate lifetime cognitive change . 
RESULTSMeasures of cognitive decline were significantly associated with stroke , NT-proBNP , ABI , and cIMT , but not with nonstroke vascular events . 
The association of stroke with increased estimated lifetime cognitive decline ( standardized β , -0 . 12 ) and of subclinical markers with actual 4-year decline ( standardized β , -0 . 12 , 0 . 12 , and -0 . 15 for NT-proBNP , ABI , and cIMT , respectively ) reached the Bonferroni-adjusted level of statistical significance ( P < 0 . 006 ) . 
Results altered only slightly on adjustment for vascular risk factors . 
CONCLUSIONSStroke and subclinical markers of cardiac stress and generalized atherosclerosis are associated with cognitive decline in older patients with type 2 diabetes . 
Further investigation into the potential use of subclinical vascular disease markers in predicting cognitive decline is warranted . Gambogic acid inhibits angiogenesis through inhibiting PHD2-VHL-HIF-1α pathway . As the substantia nigra degenerates in Parkinson's disease ( PD ) , the nigrostriatal pathway is disrupted , reducing striatal dopamine and producing PD symptoms . 
Although dopamine does not readily cross the blood-brain barrier , its precursor , levodopa , does . 
Levodopa is absorbed in the small bowel and is rapidly catabolized by aromatic-L-amino-acid decarboxylase ( AADC ) and catechol-O-methyltransferase ( COMT ) . 
Because gastric AADC and COMT degrade levodopa , the drug is given with inhibitors of AADC ( carbidopa or benserazide ) , and inhibitors of COMT will also enter clinical use . 
Although the exact site of decarboxylation of exogenous levodopa to dopamine in the brain is unknown , most striatal AADC is located in nigrostriatal dopaminergic nerve terminals . 
Newly synthesized dopamine is stored in the terminals and then released , stimulating postsynaptic dopamine receptors and mediating the antiparkinsonian action of levodopa . 
Dopamine agonists act directly on postsynaptic dopamine receptors , thus obviating the need for metabolic conversion , storage , and release . 
How the actions of dopaminergic drugs produce side effects and how these side effects should be managed are discussed . Polysulfated heparinoids selectively inactivate heparin-binding angiogenesis factors . Bamboo salt has in vitro anticancer activity in HCT-116 cells and exerts anti-metastatic effects in vivo . Structure and antioxidant activity of β-lactoglobulin-glycoconjugates obtained by high-intensity-ultrasound-induced Maillard reaction in aqueous model systems under neutral conditions . Fast , reversible , and general photomechanical motion in single crystals of various azo compounds using visible light . Glioma cell sensitivity to topotecan : the role of p53 and topotecan-induced DNA damage . In vitro and in vivo expression of human erythrocyte pyruvate kinase in erythroid cells : a gene therapy approach . Loss of Calcium / Calmodulin-Dependent Protein Kinase II Activity in Cortical Astrocytes Decreases Glutamate Uptake and Induces Neurotoxic Release of ATP . Human coagulation factor XI ( FXI ) is a plasma serine protease composed of 2 identical 80-kd polypeptides connected by a disulfide bond . 
This dimeric structure is unique among blood coagulation enzymes . 
The hypothesis was tested that dimeric conformation is required for normal FXI function by generating a monomeric version of FXI ( FXI / PKA4 ) and comparing it to wild-type FXI in assays requiring factor IX activation by activated FXI ( FXIa ) . 
FXI / PKA4 was made by replacing the FXI A4 domain with the A4 domain from prekallikrein ( PK ) . 
A dimeric version of FXI / PKA4 ( FXI / PKA4-Gly326 ) was prepared as a control . 
Activated FXI / PKA4 and FXI / PKA4-Gly326 activate factor IX with kinetic parameters similar to those of FXIa . 
In kaolin-triggered plasma clotting assays containing purified phospholipid , FXI / PKA4 and FXI / PKA4-Gly326 have coagulant activity similar to FXI . 
The surface of activated platelets is likely to be a physiologic site for reactions involving FXI / FXIa . 
In competition binding assays FXI / PKA4 , FXI / PKA4-Gly326 , and FXI have similar affinities for activated platelets ( K ( i ) = 12-16 nM ) . 
In clotting assays in which phospholipid is replaced by activated platelets , the dimeric proteins FXI and FXI / PKA4-Gly326 promote coagulation similarly; however , monomeric FXI / PKA4 has greatly reduced activity . 
Western immunoblot analysis confirmed that activated monomeric FXI / PKA4 activates factor IX poorly in the presence of activated platelets . 
These findings demonstrate the importance of the dimeric state to FXI activity and suggest a novel model for factor IX activation in which FXIa binds to activated platelets by one chain of the dimer , while binding to factor IX through the other . Organic anion transporter 3 ( Slc22a8 ) is a dicarboxylate exchanger indirectly coupled to the Na + gradient . Gliptins ( dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors ) and risk of acute pancreatitis . Halothane , isoflurane and sevoflurane inhibit NADH : ubiquinone oxidoreductase ( complex I ) of cardiac mitochondria . Region-specific regulation of 5-HT1B receptors in the rat brain by chronic venlafaxine treatment . The inhibitory effect of the leukotriene receptor antagonist on leukotriene D4-induced MUC2 / 5AC gene expression and mucin secretion in human airway epithelial cells . Synthesis and biological testing of Acyl-CoA-ketoprofen conjugates as selective irreversible inhibitors of COX-2 . ATP-gated P2X3 receptors of sensory ganglion neurons are important transducers of painful stimuli and are modulated by extracellular algogenic substances , via changes in the receptor phosphorylation state . 
The present study investigated the role of calcium / calmodulin-dependent serine protein kinase CASK in interacting and controlling P2X3 receptor expression and function in mouse trigeminal ganglia . 
Most ganglion neurons in situ or in culture co-expressed P2X3 and CASK . 
CASK was immunoprecipitated with P2X3 receptors from trigeminal ganglia and from P2X3 / CASK-cotransfected HEK cells . 
Recombinant P2X3 / CASK expression in HEK cells increased serine phosphorylation of P2X3 receptors , typically associated with receptor upregulation . 
CASK deletion mutants also enhanced P2X3 subunit expression . 
After silencing CASK , cell surface P2X3 receptor expression was decreased , which is consistent with depressed P2X3 currents . 
The reduction of P2X3 expression levels was reversed by the proteasomal inhibitor MG-132 . 
Moreover , neuronal CASK / P2X3 interaction was upregulated by NGF signaling and downregulated by P2X3 agonist-induced desensitization . 
These data suggest a novel interaction between CASK and P2X3 receptors with positive outcome for receptor stability and function . 
As CASK-mediated control of P2X3 receptors was dependent on the receptor activation state , CASK represents an intracellular gateway to regulate purinergic nociceptive signaling . 
This article is protected by copyright . 
All rights reserved . The antipsychotic drugs sertindole and pimozide block erg3 , a human brain K ( + ) channel . 5-Fluorouracil ( 5-FU ) , 5-fluoro-2'-deoxyuridine ( FdUrd ) and 5-trifluorothymidine ( F3 ( d ) Thd ) are antimetabolites which are metabolized to their corresponding active forms which inhibit DNA synthesis via inhibition of thymidylate synthase ( TS ) . 
To investigate ways of overcoming 5-FU-resistance , we established acquired-resistant colorectal cancer cell lines against these three drugs by continuous and step-wise escalation of drugs , and analyzed the cytotoxicity and the mechanism of resistance to the drugs . 
When cells were incubated with the 3 drugs for 72 h , the resistance ratio to parental DLD-1 human colorectal tumor cells was 65 . 2 for DLD-1 / 5-FU , 9 . 7 for DLD-1 / FdUrd and 448 . 6 for DLD-1 / F3 ( d ) Thd cells . 
DLD-1 / 5-FU cells did not show any cross-resistance against FdUrd and F ( 3 ) dThd . 
However , DLD-1 / FdUrd cells showed 3- and 9-fold increased resistance to 5-FU and F3 ( d ) Thd , respectively , and DLD-1 / F3 ( d ) Thd cells also showed about 90-fold resistance to FdUrd . 
Analysis of enzyme activities and gene expression associated with pyrimidine metabolism indicated that a significant decrease in orotate phosphoribosyltransferase activity in DLD-1 / 5-FU cells , a 7-fold increase of TS mRNA in DLD-1 / FdUrd cells , and a 37-fold decrease in thymidine kinase activity of DLD-1 / F3 ( d ) Thd cells were the major mechanisms of drug resistance . 
These findings were closely associated with the cytotoxicity of 5-FU , FdUrd and F3 ( d ) Thd against the established 5-FU- , FdUrd- or F3 ( d ) Thd-resistant cells . 
When DLD-1 / FdUrd cells expressing increased TS mRNA were treated with FdUrd and F3 ( d ) Thd for only 4 h , the resistance ratios of DLD-1 / FdUrd cells to parental DLD-1 cells were markedly different for FdUrd and F3 ( d ) Thd , suggesting that the cytotoxicity with short-time exposure to F3 ( d ) Thd is due to a mechanism other than TS inhibition , although the cytotoxicity of F3 ( d ) Thd in the short-time is low compared to that of long-time exposure . 
In conclusion , F3 ( d ) Thd , an antimetabolite that inhibits TS activity , may be effective against 5-FU and / or FdUrd-resistance in colorectal cancer cells caused by amplification of TS and / or deletion of orotate phosphoribosyltransferase . Arsenic injected intraperitoneally ( i . 
p . 
) during early organogenesis to small pregnant laboratory rodents ( mouse , rat , and hamster ) induces several congenital defects in the progeny . 
Among those abnormalities consistently and predominantly observed are exencephaly and encephalocele . 
These severe defects of the central nervous system originate from a corrupted process of neurulation and are better known as neural tube defects ( NTDs ) . 
In order to understand the mechanism of arsenate-induced NTDs , we designed studies in which highly sensitive Folr2 nullizygous mice were injected intraperitoneally with sodium arsenate at the beginning of the neural tube formation process . 
This specific knockout mouse and the arsenic exposure conditions were chosen as they were known to provide a high incidence of exencephaly in exposed embryos . 
We have applied gene expression technology to the anterior neural tube . 
This allowed us to study arsenic-induced changes in patterns of gene expression that may contribute to the development of neural tube defects in these mice . 
Using extensive data analysis approaches including hierarchical clustering and gene ontology analysis , we identified several candidate genes as well as important ontology groups that may be responsible for arsenic's teratogenicity . 
Changes in the expression of several genes in response to arsenic treatment in our model had previously been demonstrated by other investigators to also induce NTDs in murine model systems . 
These include : engrailed 1 ( En-1 ) , platelet derived growth factor receptor alpha ( Pdgfralpha ) and ephrinA7 ( EphA7 ) . 
We also found several gene ontology groups that could be implicated in arsenic's underlying teratogenicity : morphogenesis , oxidative phosporylation , redox response , and regulation of I-kappaB kinase / NF-kappaB cascade . 
Additionally , we revealed new target genes which may be responsible for arsenic disrupted oxidative phosphorylation . The effect of nizatidine , a new histamine H2 receptor antagonist , on gastric secretory function of eight normal subjects stimulated with betazole , was compared with that of cimetidine . 
Single oral doses of 75 mg , 150 mg , and 300 mg nizatidine , 300 mg cimetidine , and a placebo were administered on separate occasions 1 h before betazole stimulation . 
Gastric secretions were recovered in 15-min fractions for the ensuing 2 h , and the pH , H + concentration and output , volume , and pepsin concentration and output were determined . 
Doses of 150 mg and 300 mg nizatidine depressed the secretory response significantly more than did cimetidine . 
The antisecretory effects of 75 mg nizatidine was no different than that of 300 mg cimetidine . 
Nizatidine 300 mg inhibited pepsin output significantly more than volume . 
Although pepsin concentration was reduced more than volume , the difference was not significant . 
These observations , in contrast to results of previous studies , suggest a direct inhibition of pepsin secretion , although to a lesser extent than that of acid . Novel racemic tetrahydrocurcuminoid dihydropyrimidinone analogues as potent acetylcholinesterase inhibitors . High-throughput identification and characterization of novel , species-selective GPR35 agonists . We have previously shown the anti-diabetic effects of swertiamarin; however , pharmacokinetic analysis showed that swertiamarin had a plasma half-life of 1 . 3 h . 
Gentianine is an active metabolite of swertiamarin that possesses a pharmacophoric moiety . 
The aim of this study was to explore the possibility whether the anti-diabetic effect of swertiamarin is due to gentianine . 
Swertiamarin treatment had no significant effect on adipogenesis , or the mRNA expression of PPAR-γ and GLUT-4; however , there was a significant increase in the mRNA expression of adiponectin . 
On the other hand , treatment with gentianine significantly increased adipogenesis , which was associated with a significant increase in the mRNA expression of PPAR-γ , GLUT-4 and adiponectin . 
These findings suggest , for the first time , that the anti-diabetic effect of swertiamarin is due to gentianine , an active metabolite of swertiamarin . 
Copyright © 2012 John Wiley & Sons , Ltd . Selective Bisubstrate Inhibitors with Sub-nanomolar Affinity for Protein Kinase Pim-1 . Desensitization of beta2-adrenoceptor-mediated responses by short-acting beta2-adrenoceptor agonists in human lung mast cells . High-grade prostate cancer and biochemical recurrence after radical prostatectomy among men using 5α-reductase inhibitors and alpha-blockers . Differential regulation of D2 and D4 dopamine receptor mRNAs in the primate cerebral cortex vs . 
neostriatum : effects of chronic treatment with typical and atypical antipsychotic drugs . Increased activin bioavailability enhances hepatic insulin sensitivity while inducing hepatic steatosis in male mice . Glucocorticosteroids ( GCS ) are beneficial in allergic asthma . 
GCS therapy results in reduced mRNA expression of interleukin-4 ( IL-4 ) and IL-5 in cells from bronchoalveolar lavage ( BAL ) but not of IFN-gamma . 
In vitro studies with blood-derived T cells , however , show inhibition of all three cytokines by GCS . 
We studied the effects of GCS on T cells from BAL in vitro , namely Th0- , Th1 , and Th2-like clones; and we compared BAL- with blood-derived clones . 
Dexamethasone ( DEX ) inhibited the anti-CD3-induced production of IL-4 , IL-5 and IFN-gamma in all 20 clones tested . 
IFN-gamma production was inhibited significantly less than IL-4 and IL-5 . 
DEX enhanced the ratio IFN-gamma / IL-4 ( mean + / - SEM : control , 28 . 7 + / - 17 . 6; with 10-7 M DEX , 55 . 0 + / - 27 . 5 , P<0 . 005 ) . 
Interestingly , two categories of clones were distinguished based on the effects of GCS on IL-2 production and IL-2R alpha expression and proliferation; 1 ) In low IL-2 producers DEX blocked IL-2 production and decreased IL-2R alpha expression and proliferation; 2 ) In high IL-2 producers DEX inhibited IL-2 production partially and enhanced IL-2R alpha expression and proliferation . 
Anti-IL-2 and anti-IL2R alpha blocked the DEX-induced increase in proliferation . 
High levels of added IL-2 induced the second type of response . 
In conclusion , the production of IL-4 and IL-5 by T-cell clones ( derived either from BAL or blood ) was more sensitive to inhibition by DEX than that of IFN-gamma , which may account for the therapeutic effects of glucocorticosteroids in patients with asthma . 
The differential effects of DEX on the proliferation of high and low IL-2 producers in vitro may implicate a selective outgrowth of Th1-like T cells in vivo in patients treated with steroids . Ion channel remodeling in vascular smooth muscle during hypertension : Implications for novel therapeutic approaches . Protein phosphorylation is an important post-translational modification that regulates almost every aspect of signal transduction in cells . 
Activation of the mitogen-activated protein kinase ( MAPK ) family kinase extracellular signal-regulated kinase ( ERK ) is a point of convergence for many cellular activities in response to external stimulation . 
With stimuli , ERK activity is significantly increased by the phosphorylation of Thr202 and Tyr204 at its activation loop . 
Downregulation of ERK phosphorylation at these two sites by several phosphatases , such as protein phosphatase 2A , HePTP and MAPK phosphatase 3 , is essential for maintaining appropriate ERK function in different cellular processes . 
However , it is unknown whether metal-dependent protein phosphatase ( PPM ) family phosphatases directly dephosphorylate ERK . 
In this study , we found that PPM1A negatively regulated ERK by directly dephosphorylating its pThr202 position early in EGF stimulation . 
Additional kinetic studies revealed that key residues participated in phospho-ERK recognition by PPM1A . 
Importantly , PPM1A preferred the phospho-ERK peptide sequence over a panel of other phosphopeptides through the interactions of basic residues in the active site of PPM1A with the pThr-Glu-pTyr motif of ERK . 
Whereas Lys165 and Arg33 were required for efficient catalysis or phosphosubstrate binding of PPM1A , Gln185 and Arg186 were determinants of PPM1A substrate specificity . 
The interaction between Arg186 of PPM1A and Glu203 and pTyr204 of phospho-ERK was identified as a hot-spot for phospho-ERK-PPM1A interaction . 
STRUCTURED DIGITAL ABSTRACT : PPM1A physically interacts with ERK2 by pull down ( View interaction ) PPM1A dephosphorylates p38 by phosphatase assay ( View Interaction : 1 , 2 ) PPM1A binds to ERK2 by pull down ( View interaction ) PPM1A dephosphorylates ERK2 by phosphatase assay ( View Interaction : 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 , 13 , 14 , 15 , 16 , 17 , 18 , 19 , 20 ) . A potential adverse effect of cyclo-oxygenase ( COX ) inhibitors ( nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs [ NSAIDs ] ) in horses is colitis . 
In addition , we have previously shown an important role for COX-produced prostanoids in recovery of ischaemic-injured equine jejunum . 
It was hypothesised that the nonselective COX inhibitor flunixin would retard repair of bile-injured colon by preventing production of reparative prostaglandins , whereas the selective COX-2 inhibitor , etodolac would not inhibit repair as a result of continued COX-1 activity . 
Segments of the pelvic flexure were exposed to 1 . 5 mmol / l deoxycholate for 30 min , after which they were recovered for 4 h in Ussing chambers . 
Contrary to the proposed hypothesis , recovery of bile-injured colonic mucosa was not affected by flunixin or etodolac , despite significantly depressed prostanoid production . 
However , treatment of control tissue with flunixin led to increases in mucosal permeability , whereas treatment with etodolac had no significant effect . 
Therefore , although recovery from bile-induced colonic injury maybe independent of COX-elaborated prostanoids , treatment of control tissues with nonselective COX inhibitors may lead to marked increases in permeability . 
Alternatively , selective inhibition of COX-2 may reduce the incidence of adverse effects in horses requiring NSAID therapy . New water-soluble sulfonylphosphoramidic acid derivatives of the COX-2 selective inhibitor cimicoxib . 
A novel approach to sulfonamide prodrugs . Extracellular loop 3 ( EL3 ) and EL3-proximal transmembrane helix 7 of the mammalian type I and type II gonadotropin-releasing hormone ( GnRH ) receptors determine differential ligand selectivity to GnRH-I and GnRH-II . BACKGROUND : Dopamine replacement therapies ( levodopa , dopamine receptor agonists , anticholinergics , monoamine oxidase B inhibitors , and catechol-O-methyltransferase inhibitors ) remain the cornerstones of therapeutic interventions for Parkinson's disease ( PD ) . 
Despite the treatment options for PD symptoms , a cure remains elusive . 
An optimal treatment would be one that combined relief in both motor and nonmotor symptoms with neuroprotective properties . 
Safinamide is an investigational drug for PD currently in development as add-on therapy to both dopamine agonists and levodopa . 
Safinamide is a unique molecule with a novel mode of action , targeting both dopaminergic and glutaminergic systems , and potentially provides motor symptom control . 
Preliminary results from experimental models suggest potential neuroprotective effects . 
Studies on the potential effects on nonmotor symptoms are ongoing . 
OBJECTIVE : To review the mechanism of action and pharmacokinetics , and to evaluate the available clinical safety and efficacy results of safinamide . 
METHODS : A search of the electronic database MEDLINE ( PubMed , no time limits ) was performed on 14 December 2007 . 
The full text of all citations was obtained for review . 
Furthermore , two abstracts on safinamide published as proceedings of a European conference were reviewed . 
RESULTS / CONCLUSION : Safinamide is a promising investigational drug for PD with a novel mode of action . 
Early reports confirm the potential efficacy of safinamide in PD . 
Further studies on potential effects on cognition and neuroprotection are needed . Rabbit aldo-keto reductase ( AKR ) 1B19 is an ortholog of human aldose reductase-like protein ( ARLP ) , AKR1B10 , showing 86% amino acid sequence identity . 
AKR1B19 exhibits the highest catalytic efficiency for 4-oxo-2-nonenal , a major product of lipid peroxidation , compared to known reductases of this aldehyde . 
In this study , we found that the reductase activity of AKR1B19 was activated to about 5-fold immediately after the addition of 10 μM SH-reagents ( p-chloromercuriphenylsulfonic acid and p-chloromercuribenzoic acid ) in the absence or presence of NADPH . 
In addition , a maximum of 3-fold activation of AKR1B19 was induced by incubation with glutathione disulfide ( GSSG ) for 1h . 
The activated enzyme was converted into the native enzyme by further incubation with dithiothreitol and glutathione . 
The activation was abolished by the C299S mutation of AKR1B19 , and the glutathionylated Cys299 was identified by mass spectrometry analysis . 
The Cys299-modified enzyme displayed different kinetic alterations depending on substrates and inhibitors . 
In the reduction of 4-oxo-2-nonenal , the catalytic efficiency was increased . 
Thus , AKR1B10 may be modulated by cellular ratio of GSSG / glutathione and more efficiently act as a detoxifying enzyme for the cytotoxic aldehyde under oxidatively stressed conditions . 
Furthermore , such an activity alteration by GSSG was not detected in AKR1B10 and rat ARLPs , suggesting the presence of a GSSG-binding site near Cys299 in AKR1B19 . The long QT-related arrhythmia torsades de pointes ( TdP ) can arise with mutations in HERG and during treatment with drugs that block cardiac I Kr , the current encoded by HERG . 
Multiple test systems have been used to assess drug block of I Kr . 
This study evaluated the I Kr blocking potency of a series of antiarrhythmics associated with a range of clinical risks of TdP in two such systems : mouse AT-1 cells ( in which I Kr is the major repolarizing current ) and Ltk cells transiently transfected with HERG ( n = 4-10 cells per drug ) . 
For each compound , the concentration required to produce 50% block of I Kr or HERG tail currents ( IC 50 ) was determined . 
There was an excellent correlation ( r = 0 . 98 , p < 10 -5 ) between values obtained in the two systems . 
However , the relation between the liability of a drug to cause TdP appeared dissociated from I Kr blocking potency . 
Quinidine , dofetilide , ibutilide , procainamide , and disopyramide are all associated with TdP , but only the first three were potent blockers ( IC 50 < or = 1 microM ) , whereas procainamide and disopyramide were not ( IC 50 > 50 microM ) . 
Conversely , verapamil and amiodarone , drugs not associated with TdP , were also blockers ( IC 50 < or = 1 microM ) . 
We conclude that I Kr blocking potency can be readily assessed in either AT-1 cells or systems in which HERG is heterologously expressed . 
However , not all drugs causing TdP are potent I Kr blockers , and I Kr block is not necessarily associated with TdP . 
Other properties of these drugs , therefore , contribute to their propensity to cause TdP . Gemfibrozil , a lipid-lowering drug , inhibits the induction of nitric-oxide synthase in human astrocytes . EPR studies on the photo-induced intermediates of ferric NO complexes of rat neuronal nitric oxide synthase trapped at low temperature . Folding pathway of guanidine-denatured disulfide-intact wild-type and mutant bovine pancreatic ribonuclease A . Thalidomide inhibits growth of tumors through COX-2 degradation independent of antiangiogenesis . The transport of arginine has been characterized in human airway Calu-3 cells . 
As assessed with RT-PCR , Calu-3 cells express the genes for several transporters , such as the system y + -related SLC7A1 , SLC7A2 , and SLC7A4; the system y + L-related SLC7A6 , SLC7A7 , and SLC3A2; and the system B0 , + -related SLC6A14 . 
In polarized Calu-3 cell monolayers , apical arginine influx has a leucine-sensitive , sodium-dependent component and a leucine- and lysine-resistant sodium-independent fraction . 
At the basolateral membrane , arginine transport was fully sodium-independent and partially inhibited by leucine provided that sodium was present in the extracellular medium . 
Moreover , extracellular leucine trans-stimulated arginine efflux from the basolateral membrane in the presence , but not in the absence , of sodium . 
The transepithelial , apical to basolateral , arginine transport strictly depended on the presence of sodium and was markedly inhibited by apical leucine , but significantly trans-stimulated by the neutral amino acid added at the basolateral side . 
When added at the apical side , the NOS-inhibitors NMMA and NIL , CAA analogs with a free carboxyl group , markedly inhibited the apical arginine influx and the transepithelial flux of the cationic amino acid . 
The same compounds trans-stimulated basolateral arginine efflux . 
None of these effects were observed in the presence of the methyl ester analog NAME . 
The basolateral medium of Calu-3 cell monolayers , obtained after incubation in the presence of the three inhibitors at the apical side , inhibited the production of NO by activated murine macrophages . 
The inhibitory effect of the Calu-3 cell conditioned medium was time-dependent and markedly higher with NMMA and NIL than with NAME . 
Moreover , the NOS-inhibitory effect of the medium was significantly enhanced if NMMA and NIL , at the apical side , and basolateral leucine were simultaneously present during the conditioning procedure . 
These results indicate that 1 ) human airway epithelial cells express a functional system y + L at the basolateral membrane; 2 ) in this model , transepithelial arginine transport involves apical influx through system B0 , + and basolateral efflux through system y + L , and 3 ) the same transporters also perform an efficient transepithelial transport of amino acid-like NOS inhibitors . Differing effects of labetalol and dilevalol on cardiovascular preparations have been reported . 
I have studied the effects of labetalol and dilevalol on the contractile responses of the rat and guinea-pig left atria and rat portal vein . 
On the guinea-pig left atria low concentrations of labetalol ( > or = 10 ( -8 ) M ) and of dilevalol ( > or = 10 ( -7 ) M ) inhibited to a small extent the responses to electrical cardiac stimulation , which is indicative of membrane stabilizing activity . 
Labetalol ( > or = 3 x 10 ( -8 ) M ) and dilevalol ( > or = 10 ( -8 ) M ) caused surmountable antagonism of the isoprenaline responses of the atria and the pA2 values were 8 . 60 and 8 . 98 at the beta 1-adrenoceptors of the rat left atria and 7 . 90 and 8 . 31 , respectively , on the guinea-pig left atria which has functional beta 1- and beta 2-adrenoceptors . 
Labetalol and dilevalol ( both at > or = 10 ( -7 ) M ) attenuated the spontaneous contractile activity of the rat portal vein and the attenuation to labetalol at 10 ( -6 ) M was abolished by ICI 118 , 551 which illustrates that the labetalol-induced attenuation is beta 2-adrenoceptor mediated . 
The isoprenaline attenuation responses of the portal vein were inhibited by labetalol and dilevalol ( both at > or = 10 ( -7 ) M ) and the pA2 value for the labetalol at beta 2-adrenoceptors was 7 . 59 . 
It is concluded that labetalol and dilevalol are beta 1-adrenoceptor selective antagonists . Licofelone , a balanced inhibitor of cyclooxygenase and 5-lipoxygenase , reduces inflammation in a rabbit model of atherosclerosis . Our aim in this study is to examine the effects of α-tocopherol ( AT ) on rats with aspiration pneumonitis induced with bile acids ( BAs ) . 
The animals were divided in to four groups , namely saline group ( n = 7 ) , saline + AT group ( n = 7 ) , BA group ( n = 7 ) , and BA + AT group ( n = 7 ) . 
Saline and BA groups aspirated intratracheally with 1 ml / kg saline and 1 ml / kg bile acids , respectively . 
AT was given at 20 mg / kg / day dosage for 7 days to the groups . 
AT group was given 20 mg / kg / day AT for 7 days . 
Malondialdehyde ( MDA ) , Clara cell protein 16 ( CC-16 ) , catalase ( CAT ) , superoxide dismutase ( SOD ) , as well as peribronchial inflammatory cell infiltration , alveolar septal infiltration , alveolar edema , alveolar exudate , alveolar histiocytes , and necrosis were evaluated . 
The CAT activity of the BA group was significantly lower than the saline group . 
In the BA + AT group , there was a significant increase in SOD and CAT activities when compared with that of the BA group . 
The CC-16 and MDA contents in the BA group were significantly higher than in the saline group . 
The CC-16 and MDA levels of the BA + AT group were significantly lower than BA group . 
Histopathologic changes were seen in BA group , and there was a significant decrease in the BA + AT group . 
In conclusion , AT might be beneficial in the treatment of aspiration pneumonitis induced by BAs because AT decreased oxidative damage and resulted in a decrease in CC-16 levels . Prostacyclin and its mimetics are used therapeutically for the treatment of pulmonary hypertension . 
These drugs act via cell surface prostacyclin receptors ( IP receptors ) ; however , some of them can also activate the nuclear receptor peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor beta ( PPARbeta ) . 
We examined the possibility that PPARbeta is a therapeutic target for the treatment of pulmonary hypertension . 
Using the newly approved ( for pulmonary hypertension ) prostacyclin mimetic treprostinil sodium , reporter gene assays for PPARbeta activation and measurement of lung fibroblast proliferation were analyzed . 
Treprostinil sodium was found to activate PPARbeta in reporter gene assays and to inhibit proliferation of human lung fibroblasts at concentrations consistent with an effect on PPARs but not on IP receptors . 
The effects of treprostinil sodium on human lung cell proliferation are mimicked by those of the highly selective PPARbeta ligand GW0742 . 
There are no receptor antagonists for PPARbeta or for IP receptors , but by using lung fibroblasts cultured from mice lacking PPARbeta ( PPARbeta- / - ) or IP ( IP- / - ) , we demonstrate that the antiproliferative effects of treprostinil sodium are mediated by PPARbeta and not IP in lung fibroblasts . 
These observations suggest that some of the local , longer-term benefits of treprostinil sodium on reducing the remodeling associated with pulmonary hypertension may be mediated by PPARbeta . 
This study is the first to identify PPARbeta as a potential therapeutic target for the treatment of pulmonary hypertension , which is important because orally active PPARbeta ligands have been developed for the treatment of dyslipidemia . Activation of type-2 chloride channels : a novel therapeutic target for the treatment of chronic constipation . The important athero-protective role of prostacyclin is becoming increasingly evident as recent studies have revealed adverse cardiovascular effects in mice lacking the prostacyclin receptor , in patients taking selective COX-2 inhibitors , and in patients in the presence of a dysfunctional prostacyclin receptor genetic variant . 
We have recently reported that this protective mechanism includes the promotion of a quiescent differentiated phenotype in human vascular smooth muscle cells ( VSMC ) . 
Herein , we address the intriguing question of how localized endothelial release of the very unstable eicosanoid , prostacyclin , exerts a profound effect on the vascular media , often 30 cell layers thick . 
We report a novel PKA- , Akt-1- and ERK1 / 2-dependent prostacyclin-induced prostacyclin release that appears to play an important role in propagation of the quiescent , differentiated phenotype through adjacent arterial smooth muscle cells in the vascular media . 
Treating VSMC with the prostacyclin analog iloprost induced differentiation ( contractile protein expression and contractile morphology ) , and also up-regulated COX-2 expression , leading to prostacyclin release by VSMC . 
This paracrine prostacyclin release , in turn , promoted differentiation and COX-2 induction in neighboring VSMC that were not exposed to iloprost . 
Using siRNA and pharmacologic inhibitors , we report that this positive feedback mechanism , prostacyclin-induced prostacyclin release , is mediated by cAMP / PKA signaling , ERK1 / 2 activation , and a novel prostacyclin receptor signaling pathway , inhibition of Akt-1 . 
Furthermore , these pathways appear to be regulated by the prostacyclin receptor independently of one another . 
We conclude that prevention of de-differentiation and proliferation through a paracrine positive feedback mechanism is a major cardioprotective function of prostacyclin . We are proposing folate-decorated polymeric nanoparticles as carriers of poorly soluble drug molecules for intracellular and prolonged delivery to retinal pigment epithelium ( RPE ) cells . 
RPE is a monolayer of epithelial cells that forms the outer blood-retinal barrier in the posterior segment of the eye , and is also implicated in the pathology of , such as neovascularization in age-related macular degeneration ( AMD ) . 
In this study , folate-functionalized poly ( ethylene glycol ) -b-polycaprolactone ( folate-PEG-b-PCL ) were synthesized for assembling into nanoparticles of ~130nm . 
These nanoparticles were internalized into ARPE-19 ( human RPE cell line ) via receptor-mediated endocytosis , and the cellular uptake was significantly higher than particles without folate modification . 
Triamcinolone acetonide ( TA ) was efficiently encapsulated ( >97% ) into the folate-decorated nanoparticles and was slowly released over a period of 4 weeks at pH 5 . 5 and 8 weeks at pH 7 . 4 . 
The enhanced uptake and controlled release resulted in prolonged anti-angiogenic gene expression of RPE cells . 
In cell culture , the down-regulation of vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) and up-regulation of pigment epithelium derived factor ( PEDF ) lasted for at least 3 weeks . 
Unlike benzyl alcohol , the surfactant found in commercial formulation , folate-modified nanoparticles were non-toxic . 
Furthermore , TA became less cytotoxic by being encapsulated in the nanoparticles . 
Our findings suggest that folate-PEG-PCL nanoparticles are promising drug carriers for RPE targeting . Adverse effects of wood smoke PM ( 2 . 5 ) exposure on macrophage functions . Increasing evidence indicates that advanced glycation end products ( AGEs ) promote retinal alterations through oxidative stress . 
However , the pathways involved in AGE-induced generation of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) in retinal cells are poorly defined . 
In the present study , we investigated the role of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate ( reduced form ) ( NADPH ) oxidase in AGE-induced ROS intracellular generation and vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) expression in bovine retinal endothelial cells ( BRECs ) . 
Incubation of BRECs with 100 microg / mL AGEs increased ROS generation and VEGF expression in these cells . 
Treatment of the cells with the NADPH oxidase inhibitors , apocynin and diphenylene iodonium , inhibited these effects . 
In retinal endothelial cells exposed to AGEs , translocation of protein kinase C ( PKC ) -beta2 and p47phox was observed . 
Inhibition of PKC by treatment of the cells with calphostin C , GF10923X , and LY379196 totally suppressed AGE-mediated p47phox translocation and ROS generation . 
Incubation of BRECs with gliclazide inhibited AGE-induced PKC-beta2 and p47phox translocation and totally abrogated AGE-mediated ROS generation and VEGF expression . 
Overall , these results demonstrate that AGEs induce intracellular ROS generation and VEGF expression in retinal endothelial cells through a PKC-dependent activation of NADPH oxidase . 
Inhibition of retinal NADPH oxidase expression and ROS generated by this system provides a new potential mechanism by which gliclazide may affect retinal VEGF expression and exert a beneficial effect on diabetic retinopathy . Biotransformation of 2 , 2' , 4 , 4'-Tetrabromodiphenyl Ether ( BDE-47 ) by Human Liver Microsomes : Identification of Cytochrome P450 2B6 as the Major Enzyme Involved . Time-of-flight secondary ion mass spectrometry ( TOF-SIMS ) and atomic force microscopy ( AFM ) are employed to characterize a wedge-shaped crater eroded by a 40 keV C ( 60 ) ( + ) cluster ion beam on an organic thin film of 402 nm of barium arachidate ( AA ) multilayers prepared by the Langmuir-Blodgett ( LB ) technique . 
Sample cooling to 90 K was used to help reduce chemical damage , improve depth resolution and maintain constant erosion rate during depth profiling . 
The film was characterized at 90 K , 135 K , 165 K , 205 K , 265 K and 300 K . 
It is shown that sample cooling to 205 K or lower helps to inhibit erosion rate decay , whereas at 300 K and 265 K the erosion rate continues to drop after 250 nm of erosion , reaching about half of the initial value after removal of the entire film . 
Depth profiles are acquired from the SIMS images of the eroded wedge crater . 
The results suggest that sample cooling only slightly improves the altered layer thickness , but eliminates the decrease in erosion rate observed above 265 K . Nuclear receptors in bile acid metabolism . Prenatal exposure to bisphenol A impacts midbrain dopamine neurons and hippocampal spine synapses in non-human primates . Structural basis of inhibition of the human NAD + -dependent deacetylase SIRT5 by suramin . We studied the dural plasma protein extravasation response after unilateral electrical stimulation of the trigeminal ganglion in mice lacking serotonin 5-HT1B ( 5-HT1D beta ) receptors by modifying a technique previously described in rats or guinea pigs . 
We investigated the inhibitory effects of six 5-HT1 receptor agonists in this model : 3- ( 1 , 2 , 5 , 6-tetrahydropyrid-4-yl ) pyrrolo [ 3 , 2-b ] pyrid-5-one ( CP-93 , 129 ) , sumatriptan , serotonin-5-O-carboxymethyl-glycyl -tyrosinamide ( GTI ) , 5-methylaminosulfonylmethyl-3- ( N-methylpyrrolidin-2R -ylmethyl ) -1H-indole ( CP-122 , 288 ) , 5-carboxamido-tryptamine ( 5-CT ) , and dihydroergotamine . 
The plasma extravasation response did not differ between wild-type and mutant after vehicle injection . 
The potency of sumatriptan , CP-122 , 288 , CP-93 , 129 , and 5-CT in wild-type mice was similar to that previously reported for rats . 
CP-122 , 288 ( 1 nmol kg ) , 5-CT ( 1 nmol / kg ) , and dihydroergotamine ( 72 nmol / kg ) inhibited plasma protein extravasation within dura mater after electrical trigeminal ganglion stimulation in both wild-type and knockout mice , which suggests that these agonists act predominantly via receptors other than 5-HT1B . 
Unlike the wild-type mice , CP-93 , 129 ( 1 . 4 mumol / kg ) , a specific 5-HT1B receptor agonist , had no effect in knockout mice . 
The same held true for sumatriptan ( 0 . 7 mumol / kg ) and GTI ( 0 . 6 mumol / kg ) . 
These results suggest that CP-93 , 129 , sumatriptan , and GTI exert their effects via 5-HT1B ( 5-HT1D beta ) receptors in mice . Recombinant epoetins do not stimulate tumor growth in erythropoietin receptor-positive breast carcinoma models . The biguanides , phenformin and metformin , are used in the treatment of type II diabetes mellitus , as well as being routinely used in studies investigating AMPK activity . 
We used the patch-clamp technique and rubidium flux assays to determine the role of these drugs in ATP-sensitive K + channel ( K ( ATP ) ) regulation in cell lines expressing the cloned components of K ( ATP ) and the current natively expressed in vascular smooth muscle cells ( VSMCs ) . 
Phenformin but not metformin inhibits a number of variants of K ( ATP ) including the cloned equivalents of currents present in vascular and non-vascular smooth muscle ( Kir6 . 1 / SUR2B and Kir6 . 2 / SUR2B ) and pancreatic beta-cells ( Kir6 . 2 / SUR1 ) . 
However it does not inhibit the current potentially present in cardiac myocytes ( Kir6 . 2 / SUR2A ) . 
The highest affinity interaction is seen with Kir6 . 1 / SUR2B ( IC50 = 0 . 55 mM ) and it also inhibits the current in native vascular smooth muscle cells . 
The extent and rate of inhibition are similar to that seen with the known K ( ATP ) blocker PNU 37883A . 
Additionally , phenformin inhibited the current elicited through the Kir6 . 2DeltaC26 ( functional without SUR ) channel with an IC50 of 1 . 78 mM . 
Phenformin reduced the open probability of Kir6 . 1 / SUR2B channels by approximately 90% in inside-out patches . 
These findings suggest that phenformin interacts directly with the pore-forming Kir6 . 0 subunit however the sulphonylurea receptor is able to significantly modulate the affinity . 
It is likely to block from the intracellular side of the channel in a manner analogous to that of PNU 37883A . Tumor-induced osteomalacia ( TIO ) is a rare disorder of phosphate wasting due to fibroblast growth factor-23 ( FGF23 ) -secreting tumors that are often difficult to locate . 
We present a systematic approach to tumor localization and post-operative biochemical changes in 31 subjects with TIO . 
All had failed either initial , or re-localization ( in case of recurrence or metastases at outside institutions ) . 
Functional imaging with ( 111 ) Indium- octreotide with single photon emission computed tomography ( octreo-SPECT or SPECT / CT ) , and ( 18 ) fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography / CT ( FDG-PET / CT ) were performed , followed by anatomic imaging ( CT , MRI ) . 
Selective venous sampling ( VS ) was performed when multiple suspicious lesions were identified or high surgical risk was a concern . 
Tumors were localized in 20 / 31 subjects ( 64 . 5% ) . 
Nineteen of 20 subjects underwent octreo-SPECT imaging , and 16 / 20 FDG-PET / CT imaging . 
Eighteen of 19 ( 95% ) were positive on octreo-SPECT , and 14 / 16 ( 88% ) on FDG-PET / CT . 
Twelve of 20 subjects underwent VS; 10 / 12 ( 83% ) were positive . 
Sensitivity , specificity , positive predictive value ( PPV ) , and negative predictive value ( NPV ) were : sensitivity = 0 . 95 , specificity = 0 . 64 , PPV = 0 . 82 and NPV = 0 . 88 for octreo-SPECT; sensitivity = 0 . 88 , specificity = 0 . 36 , PPV = 0 . 62 and NPV = 0 . 50 for FDG-PET / CT . 
Fifteen subjects had their tumor resected at our institution , and were disease-free at last follow-up . 
Serum phosphorus returned to normal in all subjects within 1-5 days . 
In 10 subjects who were followed for at least 7 days postoperatively , intact FGF23 ( iFGF23 ) decreased to near undetectable within hours and returned to the normal range within 5 days . 
C-terminal FGF23 ( cFGF23 ) decreased immediately but remained elevated , yielding a markedly elevated cFGF23 / iFGF23 ratio . 
Serum 1 , 25-dihydroxyvitamin D ( 3 ) ( 1 , 25D ) rose and exceeded the normal range . 
In this systematic approach to TIO tumor localization Octreo-SPECT was more sensitive and specific , but in many cases FDG-PET / CT was complementary . 
VS can discriminate between multiple suspicious lesions and increase certainty prior to surgery . 
Sustained elevations in cFGF23 and 1 , 25D were observed , suggesting novel regulation of FGF23 processing and 1 , 25D generation . 
© 2013 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research . The suppressors of cytokine signaling ( SOCS ) proteins inhibit cytokine action by direct interaction with Janus kinases or activated cytokine receptors . 
In addition to the N-terminal and Src homology 2 domains that mediate these interactions , SOCS proteins contain a C-terminal SOCS box . 
DNA data base searches have identified a number of other protein families that possess a SOCS box , of which the ankyrin repeat and SOCS box-containing ( Asb ) proteins constitute the largest . 
Although it is known that the SOCS proteins are involved in the negative regulation of cytokine signaling , the biological and biochemical functions of the Asbs are largely undefined . 
Using a proteomics approach , we demonstrate that creatine kinase B ( CKB ) interacts with Asb-9 in a specific , SOCS box-independent manner . 
This interaction increases the polyubiquitylation of CKB and decreases total CKB levels within the cell . 
The targeting of CKB for degradation by Asb-9 was primarily SOCS box-dependent and suggests that Asb-9 acts as a specific ubiquitin ligase regulating levels of this evolutionarily conserved enzyme . We examined the conformational preferences of the 2-O-sulfated-3 , 6-α-D-anhydrogalactose ( compound I ) and two 1 , 3 linked disaccharides constituting-κ or ι-carrageenans using density functional and ab initio methods in gas phase and aqueous solution . 
Systematic modifications of two torsion angles leading to 324 and 144 starting geometries for the compound I and each disaccharide were used to generate adiabatic maps using B3LYP / 6-31G ( d ) . 
The lower energy conformers were then fully optimized using B3LYP , B3PW91 and MP2 with several basis sets . 
Overall , we discuss the impact of full relaxation on the energy and structure of the dominant conformations , present the performance comparison with previous molecular mechanics calculations if available , and determine whether our results are impacted , when polarization and diffuse functions are added to the 6-31G ( d ) basis set , or when the MP2 level of theory is used . Insights into the regulation of TNF-alpha production in human mononuclear cells : the effects of non-specific phosphodiesterase inhibition . Selective antagonism of GluR5 kainate-receptor-mediated synaptic currents by topiramate in rat basolateral amygdala neurons . Anti-fibrotic effects of puerarin on CCl4-induced hepatic fibrosis in rats possibly through the regulation of PPAR-γ expression and inhibition of PI3K / Akt pathway . Tumor necrosis factor-alpha potentiates the cytotoxicity of amiodarone in Hepa1c1c7 cells : roles of caspase activation and oxidative stress . Transcription factor NF-E2-related factor 2 ( NRF2 ) plays a crucial role in the cellular defense against oxidative / electrophilic stress by up-regulating multiple antioxidant genes . 
Numerous studies with genetically modified animals have demonstrated that Nrf2 is a sensitivity determining factor upon the exposure to environmental chemicals including carcinogens . 
Moreover , recent studies have demonstrated that polymorphism in the human NRF2 promoter is associated with higher risks for developing acute lung injury , gastric mucosal inflammation , and nephritis . 
Therefore , the identification of reliable and effective human target genes of NRF2 may allow the monitoring of NRF2 activity and to predict individual sensitivity to environmental stress-induced damage . 
For this purpose , we investigated genes that are tightly controlled by NRF2 to establish markers for NRF2 activity in human cells . 
Firstly , in the normal human renal epithelial HK-2 cells , the measurement of the expression of 30 previously reported NRF2 target genes in response to NRF2 inducers ( sulforaphane , tert-butylhydroquinone , cinnamic aldehyde , and hydrogen peroxide ) showed that the aldo-keto reductase ( AKR ) 1C1 is highly inducible by all treatments . 
Accordantly , the basal and inducible expressions of AKRs were significantly attenuated in NRF2-silenced HK-2 cells . 
Whereas , cells with stable KEAP1 knockdown , which causes a modest NRF2 activation , demonstrated substantially increased levels of AKR1A1 , 1B1 , 1B10 , 1C1 , 1C2 , and 1C3 . 
Secondly , the linkage between NRF2 and the AKRs was confirmed in human monocytic leukemia cell line U937 , which can be a model of peripherally available blood cells . 
The treatment of U937 cells with NRF2 inducers including sulforaphane effectively elevated the expression of AKR1B1 , 1B10 , 1C1 , 1C2 , and 1C3 . 
Whereas , the levels of both the basal and sulforaphane-inducible expression of AKR1C1 were significantly reduced in NRF2-silenced stable U937 cells compared to the control cells . 
Similarly , the inducible expression of AKR1C1 was observed in another human monocytic leukemia cell line THP-1 as well as in human primary blood CD14 ( + ) monocytes . 
In conclusion , together with the high inducibility and NRF2 dependency shown in renal epithelial cells as well as in peripherally available blood cells , current findings suggest that AKRs can be utilized as a marker of NRF2 activity in human cells . Different mechanisms of acquired resistance to fluorinated pyrimidines in human colorectal cancer cells . The present study was carried out to characterize beta-adrenoceptor subtypes mediating relaxation of rat abdominal aorta smooth muscle . 
( - ) -Isoprenaline and a nonconventional beta ( 3 ) -adrenoceptor agonist , ( + / - ) - [ 4- [ 3- [ ( 1 , 1-dimethylethyl ) amino ] -2-hydroxypropoxy ] -1 , 3-dihydro-2H-benzimida zol-2-one ] hydrochloride ( ( + / - ) -CGP12177A ) , induced concentration-dependent relaxation of ( - ) -phenylephrine ( 0 . 3 microM ) preconstricted spiral preparations . 
Pretreatment with a combination of ( + / - ) -2-hydroxy-5- [ 2- [ [ 2-hydroxy-3- [ 4- [ 1-methyl-4- ( trifluoromethyl ) -1H-imidazol-2 -yl ] phenoxy ] propyl ] amino ] ethoxy ] -benzamide methanesulfonate ( CGP20712A , a selective beta ( 1 ) -adrenoceptor antagonist ) and ( + / - ) -1- [ 2 , 3- ( dihydro-7-methyl-1H-inden-4-yl ) oxy ] -3- [ ( 1-methylethyl ) amino ] -2-buta nol hydrochloride ( ICI-118 , 5511 , a selective beta ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor antagonist ) ( 0 . 1 microM for each ) produced a 14-fold rightward shift of the concentration-response curve for ( - ) -isoprenaline; however , the relaxation in response to ( + / - ) -CGP12177A was unaffected by the blockade of beta ( 1 ) - and beta ( 2 ) -adrenoceptors . 
In the presence of CGP20712A and ICI-118 , 551 ( 0 . 1 microM for each ) , the concentration-response curves for ( - ) -isoprenaline and ( + / - ) -CGP12177A were shifted to the right by a nonselective beta ( 1 ) - , beta ( 2 ) - and beta ( 3 ) -adrenoceptor antagonist , ( + / - ) -bupranolol ( 3 and 10 microM ) . 
These results clearly suggest that beta ( 3 ) -adrenoceptors are involved in beta-adrenoceptor-mediated relaxation of rat abdominal aorta smooth muscle . Abnormally high plasma levels of vitamin B6 in children with autism not taking supplements compared to controls not taking supplements . Hypertension is a major risk factor for cardiovascular diseases such as stroke , myocardial infarction , and heart failure , the leading causes of death in the Western world . 
Inhibitors of the renin-angiotensin system ( RAS ) have proven to be successful treatments for hypertension . 
As renin specifically catalyses the rate-limiting step of the RAS , it represents the optimal target for RAS inhibition . 
Several peptide-like renin inhibitors have been synthesized previously , but poor pharmacokinetic properties meant that these compounds were not clinically useful . 
We employed a combination of molecular modelling and crystallographic structure analysis to design renin inhibitors lacking the extended peptide-like backbone of earlier inhibitors , for improved pharmacokinetic properties . 
This led to the discovery of aliskiren , a highly potent and selective inhibitor of human renin in vitro , and in vivo; once-daily oral doses of aliskiren inhibit renin and lower blood pressure in sodium-depleted marmosets and hypertensive human patients . 
Aliskiren represents the first in a novel class of renin inhibitors with the potential for treatment of hypertension and related cardiovascular diseases . Platelet-activating factor ( PAF ) and leukotrienes ( LTs ) are potent pulmonary hypertensive and inflammatory mediators produced by the lung . 
Previously we showed that a rapid injection of PAF into the pulmonary artery of an isolated rat lung produced an extended elevation in mean pulmonary arterial pressure ( PAP ) . 
The objective of the present study was to determine whether the extended pressor response induced by PAF was caused by prolonged activation of the 5-lipoxygenase pathway or slow clearance of LTs from the lung parenchyma . 
Rat lungs were perfused with a nonrecirculating physiological salt solution that contained indomethacin and albumin . 
Five minutes after a rapid injection of PAF into the pulmonary artery catheter , the following elevations ( mean % above baseline ) were observed : PAP ( 83% ) , LTB4 ( 3 , 260% ) , LTC4 ( 1 , 490% ) , LTD4 ( 970% ) , and LTE4 ( 1 , 500% ) . 
At 20 min these levels declined but were still significantly elevated above baseline . 
The 5-lipoxygenase inhibitor diethylcarbamazine ( DEC ) , administered before the PAF injection , inhibited the elevations of PAP and all LTs . 
DEC administration that began 5 min after PAF reduced PAP and only LTC4 levels at 20 min in comparison to lungs with no DEC . 
The 5-lipoxygenase-activating protein inhibitor MK886 , administered orally 2-6 h before perfusion , also inhibited the pressor response to PAF as well as LT production , as did DEC . 
We conclude that 1 ) the extended pulmonary hypertension induced by PAF was caused mainly by prolonged activation of 5-lipoxygenase with LTC4 production , 2 ) the relative overall lung clearance of LTB4 , LTD4 , and LTE4 was slower than that of LTC4 , and 3 ) LTB4 , LTD4 , and LTE4 had no appreciable pressor effect . Using neurochemical method , evidence was obtained that cannabinoid CB ( 1 ) receptors are localized on noradrenergic terminals and their stimulation by WIN-55 , 212-2 reduces the release of [ 3H ] noradrenaline evoked by axonal activity in a frequency-dependent manner . 
At stimulation rates of 1 and 3 Hz , there was significant inhibition of noradrenaline release , with IC ( 50 ) of WIN-55 , 212-2 41 . 5 + / -2 . 6 and 320 . 5 + / -28 . 2 nM , for 1 and 3 Hz , respectively . 
Cannabinoid CB ( 1 ) receptor antagonist SR 141716A completely prevented WIN-55 , 212-2 from reducing the release . 
The release of noradrenaline is negatively modulated by presynaptic alpha ( 2 ) -adrenoceptors . 
Because BRL-44408 , an alpha ( 2B ) -adrenoceptor , and prazosin , an alpha ( 1 ) - and alpha ( 2B ) -adrenoceptor antagonist , both increased the release of [ ( 3 ) H ] noradrenaline , it seems likely that the alpha ( 2B ) subtype is responsible for the negative feedback modulation of noradrenaline release . 
In the presence of alpha ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor antagonism , cannabinoid CB ( 1 ) receptor activation by WIN-55 , 212-2 was much more effective in inhibiting the release of [ ( 3 ) H ] noradrenaline . 
Using a specific antibody against the C-terminus of the rat cannabinoid CB ( 1 ) receptor and also against neuropeptide Y , ultrastructural evidence was obtained that cannabinoid CB ( 1 ) receptors are exclusively localized on neuropeptide Y-positive noradrenergic varicosities . 
Since the sympathetic innervation of the human airway smooth muscle is sparse , and mainly the circulating adrenaline relaxes the airways via activation of beta ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor localized on the smooth muscle , it is suggested that inhibition of noradrenaline release by cannabinoids , and the subsequent bronchospasm , may be limited to those cases when noradrenaline released from sympathetic varicosities is involved in airway relaxation . Bovine and ovine gonadotropin-releasing hormone ( GnRH ) -II ligand precursors and type II GnRH receptor genes are functionally inactivated . Lymphocytes possess the essential components of a cholinergic system , including acetylcholine ( ACh ) ; choline acetyltransferase ( ChAT ) , its synthesizing enzyme; and both muscarinic and nicotinic ACh receptors ( mAChRs and nAChRs , respectively ) . 
Stimulation of lymphocytes with phytohemagglutinin , which activates T cells via the T cell receptor / CD3 complex , enhances the synthesis and release of ACh and up-regulates expression of ChAT and M ( 5 ) mAChR mRNAs . 
In addition , activation of protein kinase C and increases in intracellular cAMP also enhance cholinergic activity in T cells , and lymphocyte function associated antigen-1 ( LFA-1; CD11a / CD18 ) is an important mediator of leukocyte migration and T cell activation . 
Anti-CD11a monoclonal antibody ( mAb ) as well as antithymocyte globulin containing antibodies against CD2 , CD7 and CD11a all increase ChAT activity , ACh synthesis and release , and expression of ChAT and M ( 5 ) mAChR mRNAs in T cells . 
The cholesterol-lowering drug simvastatin inhibits LFA-1 signaling by binding to an allosteric site on CD11a ( LFA-1 alpha chain ) , which leads to immunomodulation . 
We found that simvastatin abolishes anti-CD11a mAb-induced increases in lymphocytic cholinergic activity in a manner independent of its cholesterol-lowering activity . 
Collectively then , these results indicate that LFA-1 contributes to the regulation of lymphocytic cholinergic activity via CD11a-mediated pathways and suggest that simvastatin exerts its immunosuppressive effects in part via modification of lymphocytic cholinergic activity . Evidence that the granulocyte colony-stimulating factor ( G-CSF ) receptor plays a role in the pharmacokinetics of G-CSF and PegG-CSF using a G-CSF-R KO model . Synthesis of pyrazolo [ 1 , 5-a ] pyrimidine linked aminobenzothiazole conjugates as potential anticancer agents . The enzymatic oxidation of uridine 5'-diphospho-alpha-D-galactose ( UDP-Gal ) and uridine 5'-diphospho-N-acetyl-alpha-D-galactosamine ( UDP-GalNAc ) with galactose oxidase was combined with a chemical biotinylation step involving biotin-epsilon-amidocaproylhydrazide in a one-pot synthesis . 
The novel nucleotide sugar derivatives uridine 5'-diphospho-6-biotin-epsilon-amidocaproylhydrazino-alpha-D-galactose ( UDP-6-biotinyl-Gal ) and uridine 5'-diphospho-6-biotin-epsilon-amidocaproylhydrazino-N-acetyl-alpha-D-galactosamin e ( UDP-6-biotinyl-GalNAc ) were synthesized on a 100-mg scale and characterized by mass spectrometry ( fast atom bombardment and matrix-assisted laser desorption / ionization time of flight ) and one / two dimensional NMR spectroscopy . 
It could be demonstrated for the first time , by use of UDP-6-biotinyl-Gal as a donor substrate , that the human recombinant galactosyltransferases beta3Gal-T5 , beta4Gal-T1 , and beta4Gal-T4 mediate biotinylation of the neoglycoconjugate bovine serum albumin-p-aminophenyl N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminide ( BSA- ( GlcNAc ) 17 ) and ovalbumin . 
The detection of the biotin tag transferred by beta3Gal-T5 onto BSA- ( GlcNAc ) 17 with streptavidin-enzyme conjugates gave detection limits of 150 pmol of tagged GlcNAc in a Western blot analysis and 1 pmol of tagged GlcNAc in a microtiter plate assay . 
The degree of Gal-biotin tag transfer onto agalactosylated hybrid N-glycans present at the single glycosylation site of ovalbumin was dependent on the Gal-T used ( either beta3Gal-T5 , beta4Gal-T4 , or beta4Gal-T1 ) , which indicates that the acceptor specificity may direct the transfer of the Gal-biotin tag . 
The potential of this biotinylated UDP-Gal as a novel donor substrate for human galactosyltransferases lies in the targeting of distinct acceptor structures , for example , under-galactosylated glycoconjugates , which are related to diseases , or in the quality control of glycosylation of recombinant and native glycoproteins . The human genome codes for 13 members of a family of filament-forming GTP-binding proteins known as septins . 
These have been divided into four different subgroups on the basis of sequence similarity . 
The differences between the subgroups are believed to control their correct assembly into heterofilaments which have specific roles in membrane remodelling events . 
Many different combinations of the 13 proteins are theoretically possible and it is therefore important to understand the structural basis of specific filament assembly . 
However , three-dimensional structures are currently available for only three of the four subgroups . 
In the present study we describe the crystal structure of a construct of human SEPT3 which belongs to the outstanding subgroup . 
This construct ( SEPT3-GC ) , which includes the GTP-binding and C-terminal domains , purifies as a nucleotide-free monomer , allowing for its characterization in terms of GTP-binding and hydrolysis . 
In the crystal structure , SEPT3-GC forms foreshortened filaments which employ the same NC and G interfaces observed in the heterotrimeric complex of human septins 2 , 6 and 7 , reinforcing the notion of 'promiscuous' interactions described previously . 
In the present study we describe these two interfaces and relate the structure to its tendency to form monomers and its efficiency in the hydrolysis of GTP . 
The relevance of these results is emphasized by the fact that septins from the SEPT3 subgroup may be important determinants of polymerization by occupying the terminal position in octameric units which themselves form the building blocks of at least some heterofilaments . PKMζ is an autonomously active , atypical protein kinase C ( aPKC ) isoform that is both necessary and sufficient for maintaining long-term potentiation ( LTP ) and long-term memory . 
The myristoylated ζ-pseudosubstrate peptide , ZIP , potently inhibits PKMζ biochemically in vitro , within cultured cells , and within neurons in hippocampal slices , and reverses LTP maintenance and erases long-term memory storage . 
A recent study ( Wu-Zhang et al . 
, 2012 ) , however , suggested ZIP was not effective on a PKMζ fusion protein overexpressed in cultured cells . 
Chelerythrine , a redox-sensitive PKC inhibitor that inhibits PKMζ and disrupts LTP maintenance and memory storage , was also reported by Wu-Zhang et al . 
( 2012 ) not to inhibit the expressed PKMζ fusion protein . 
However , the efficacy of inhibitors on endogenous enzymes in cells may not be adequately assessed in expression systems in which levels of expression of exogenous enzymes greatly exceed those of endogenous enzymes . 
Thus , we show , biochemically , that when PKMζ reaches a level beyond that necessary for substrate phosphorylation such that much of the enzyme is excess or 'spare' kinase , ZIP and chelerythrine do not effectively block substrate phosphorylation . 
We also show that the cellular overexpression techniques used by Wu-Zhang et al . 
( 2012 ) increase kinase levels ~30-40 fold above normal levels in transfected cells . 
Using a mathematical model we show that at such level of overexpression , standard concentrations of inhibitor should have no noticeable effect . 
Furthermore , we demonstrate the standard concentrations of ZIP , but not scrambled ZIP , inhibit the ability of PKMζ to potentiate AMPAR responses at postsynaptic sites , the physiological function of the kinase . 
Wu-Zhang et al . 
( 2012 ) had also claimed that staurosporine , a general kinase inhibitor that does not effectively inhibit PKMζ biochemically in vitro , nonetheless indirectly blocked the PKMζ fusion protein overexpressed in cultured cells by inhibiting phosphoinositide-dependent protein kinase-1 ( PDK1 ) . 
However , here we show that staurosporine does not affect PDK1 phosphorylation of the endogenous PKMζ in hippocampal slices . 
Thus , the biochemical in vitro effects of PKMζ inhibitors correspond with their intracellular effects , and ZIP and chelerythrine , together with scrambled ZIP and staurosporine as controls , are effective tools to examine the function of PKMζ in neurons . 
This article is part of a Special Issue entitled 'Cognitive Enhancers' . Identification of the genes and gene products involved in the biosynthesis of phosphatidylcholine , phosphatidylethanolamine , and phosphatidylserine has lagged behind that in many other fields because of difficulties encountered in purifying the respective proteins . 
Nevertheless , most of these genes have now been identified . 
In this review article , we have highlighted important new findings on the individual enzymes and the corresponding genes of phosphatidylcholine synthesis via its two major biosynthetic pathways : the CDP-choline pathway and the methylation pathway . 
We also review recent studies on phosphatidylethanolamine biosynthesis by two pathways : the CDP-ethanolamine pathway , which is active in the endoplasmic reticulum , and the phosphatidylserine decarboxylase pathway , which operates in mitochondria . 
Finally , the two base-exchange enzymes , phosphatidylserine synthase-1 and phosphatidylserine synthase-2 , that synthesize phosphatidylserine in mammalian cells are also discussed . The role of adenosine A ( 2 ) receptors in the regulation of TNF-alpha production and PGE ( 2 ) release in mouse peritoneal macrophages . Three-dimensional quantitative structure-activity relationship analysis of human CYP51 inhibitors . Beta 2-adrenoceptor-mediated intrinsic sympathomimetic activity of carteolol : an in vivo study . Salt homeostasis is essential to survival , but brain mechanisms for salt-intake control have not been fully elucidated . 
Here , we found that the sensitivity of Nax channels to [ Na ( + ) ] o is dose-dependently enhanced by endothelin-3 ( ET-3 ) . 
Nax channels began to open when [ Na ( + ) ] o exceeded ∼150 mM without ET-3 , but opened fully at a physiological [ Na ( + ) ] o ( 135-145 mM ) with 1 nM ET-3 . 
Importantly , ET-3 was expressed in the subfornical organ ( SFO ) along with Nax , and the level was robustly increased by dehydration . 
Pharmacological experiments revealed that endothelin receptor B ( ETBR ) signaling is involved in this modulation of Nax gating through protein kinase C and ERK1 / 2 activation . 
ETBR agonists increased the firing rate of GABAergic neurons via lactate in the SFO , and an ETBR antagonist attenuated salt aversion during dehydration . 
These results indicate that ET-3 expression in the SFO is tightly coupled with body-fluid homeostasis through modulation of the [ Na ( + ) ] o sensitivity of Nax . The mechanisms of progression from Barrett's esophagus ( BE ) to esophageal adenocarcinoma ( EA ) are not known . 
Cycloxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) -derived prostaglandin E2 ( PGE2 ) has been shown to be important in esophageal tumorigenesis . 
We have shown that COX-2 mediates acid-induced PGE2 production . 
The prostaglandin E synthase ( PGES ) responsible for acid-induced PGE2 production in BE , however , is not known . 
We found that microsomal PGES1 ( mPGES1 ) , mPGES2 , and cytosolic PGES ( cPGES ) were present in FLO EA cells . 
Pulsed acid treatment significantly increased mPGES1 mRNA and protein levels but had little or no effect on mPGES2 or cPGES mRNA . 
Knockdown of mPGES1 by mPGES1 small interfering RNA ( siRNA ) blocked acid-induced increase in PGE2 production and thymidine incorporation . 
Knockdown of NADPH oxidase , NOX5-S , a variant lacking calcium-binding domains , by NOX5 siRNA significantly inhibited acid-induced increase in mPGES1 expression , thymidine incorporation , and PGE2 production . 
Overexpression of NOX5-S significantly increased the luciferase activity in FLO cells transfected with a nuclear factor κB ( NF-κB ) in vivo activation reporter plasmid pNF-κB-Luc . 
Knockdown of NF-κB1 p50 by p50 siRNA significantly decreased acid-induced increase in mPGES1 expression , thymidine incorporation , and PGE2 production . 
Two novel NF-κB binding elements , GGAGTCTCCC and CGGGACACCC , were identified in the mPGES1 gene promoter . 
We conclude that mPGES1 mediates acid-induced increase in PGE2 production and cell proliferation . 
Acid-induced mPGES1 expression depends on activation of NOX5-S and NF-κB1 p50 . 
Microsomal PGES1 may be a potential target to prevent or treat EA . Effects of silver nanoparticles on the liver and hepatocytes in vitro . Methionine aminopeptidases ( MetAPs ) , which remove the initiator methionine from nascent peptides , are essential in all organisms . 
While MetAP2 has been demonstrated to be a therapeutic target for inhibiting angiogenesis in mammals , MetAP1 seems to be vital for cell proliferation . 
Our earlier efforts identified two structural classes of human MetAP1 ( HsMetAP1 ) -selective inhibitors ( 1-4 ) , but all of them failed to inhibit cellular HsMetAP1 . 
Using Mn ( II ) or Zn ( II ) to activate HsMetAP1 , we found that 1-4 could only effectively inhibit purified HsMetAP1 in the presence of physiologically unachievable concentrations of Co ( II ) . 
In an effort to seek Co ( II ) -independent inhibitors , a novel structural class containing a 2- ( pyridin-2-yl ) quinazoline core has been discovered . 
Many compounds in this class potently and selectively inhibited HsMetAP1 without Co ( II ) . 
Subsequently , we demonstrated that 11j , an auxiliary metal-dependent inhibitor , effectively inhibited HsMetAP1 in primary cells . 
This is the first report that an HsMetAP1-selective inhibitor is effective against its target in cells . AKRs expression in peripheral blood lymphocytes from smokers : The role of body mass index . CCK-mediated response in the activation of 5-HT receptor types in the guinea-pig ileum . The pharmacological dosage of dehydroepiandrosterone ( DHEA ) protects against chemically induced carcinogenesis . 
The chemoprotective activity of DHEA is attributed to its inhibitory potential for the expression of CYP1A enzymes , which are highly responsible for metabolic activation of several mutagenic and carcinogenic chemicals . 
The present work investigated whether the chemoprevention by DHEA was due to diminished transcriptional activation of CYP1A genes or to the post-transcriptional modulation of CYP1A expression . 
In primary human hepatocytes , DHEA diminished the increase in CYP1A activities ( 7-ethoxyresorufin O-dealkylation and phenacetin O-dealkylation ) and in CYP1A2 mRNA level induced by 3-methylcholanthrene , but did not alter the amount of CYP1A1 and CYP1B1 mRNA . 
The androgen receptor seemed to be involved in DHEA-mediated diminishment of CYP1A2 induction , which was attenuated in the presence of bicalutamide , the androgen receptor antagonist . 
The potential role of the glucocorticoid receptor and estrogen receptor in DHEA-mediated decrease in CYP1A2 induction was excluded . 
The developed computational model of CYP1A2 induction kinetics and CYP1A2 mRNA degradation proposed that a post-transcriptional mechanism was likely to be the primary mechanism of the DHEA-mediated diminishment of CYP1A2 induction . 
The hypothesis was confirmed by the results of actinomycin D-chase experiments in MCF-7 and LNCaP cells , displaying that the degradation rates of CYP1A2 mRNA were significantly higher in the cells exposed to DHEA . 
The novel findings on DHEA-mediated modulation of CYP1A2 mRNA stability may account for the beneficial effects of DHEA by decreasing the metabolic activation of pro-carcinogenic compounds . Comparison of the novel antipsychotic ziprasidone with clozapine and olanzapine : inhibition of dorsal raphe cell firing and the role of 5-HT1A receptor activation . Discovery of aryl ureas and aryl amides as potent and selective histamine H3 receptor antagonists for the treatment of obesity ( Part I ) . S-Nitrosothiols ( SNOs ) , formed by nitric oxide ( NO ) -mediated S-nitrosylation , and hydrogen peroxide ( H2O2 ) , a prominent reactive oxygen species , are implicated in diverse physiological and pathological processes . 
Recent research has shown that the cellular action and metabolism of SNOs and H2O2 involve overlapping , thiol-based mechanisms , but how these reactive species may affect each other's fate and function is not well understood . 
In this study we investigated how NO / SNO may affect the redox cycle of mammalian peroxiredoxin-1 ( Prx1 ) , a representative of the 2-Cys Prxs , a group of thioredoxin ( Trx ) -dependent peroxidases . 
We found that , both in a cell-free system and in cells , NO / SNO donors such as S-nitrosocysteine and S-nitrosoglutathione readily induced the S-nitrosylation of Prx1 , causing structural and functional alterations . 
In particular , nitrosylation promoted disulfide formation involving the pair of catalytic cysteines ( Cys-52 and Cys-173 ) and disrupted the oligomeric structure of Prx1 , leading to loss of peroxidase activity . 
A highly potent inhibition of the peroxidase catalytic reaction by NO / SNO was seen in assays employing the coupled Prx-Trx system . 
In this setting , S-nitrosocysteine ( 10 μm ) effectively blocked the Trx-mediated regeneration of oxidized Prx1 . 
This effect appeared to be due to both competition between S-nitrosocysteine and Prx1 for the Trx system and direct modulation by S-nitrosocysteine of Trx reductase activity . 
Our findings that NO / SNO target both Prx and Trx reductase may have implications for understanding the impact of nitrosylation on cellular redox homeostasis . Membrane transporters , including two members : ATP-binding cassette ( ABC ) transporters and solute carrier ( SLC ) transporters are proteins that play important roles to facilitate molecules into and out of cells . 
Consequently , these transporters can be major determinants of the therapeutic efficacy , toxicity and pharmacokinetics of a variety of drugs . 
Considering the time and expense of bio-experiments taking , research should be driven by evaluation of efficacy and safety . 
Computational methods arise to be a complementary choice . 
In this article , we provide an overview of the contribution that computational methods made in transporters field in the past decades . 
At the beginning , we present a brief introduction about the structure and function of major members of two families in transporters . 
In the second part , we focus on widely used computational methods in different aspects of transporters research . 
In the absence of a high-resolution structure of most of transporters , homology modeling is a useful tool to interpret experimental data and potentially guide experimental studies . 
We summarize reported homology modeling in this review . 
Researches in computational methods cover major members of transporters and a variety of topics including the classification of substrates and / or inhibitors , prediction of protein-ligand interactions , constitution of binding pocket , phenotype of non-synonymous single-nucleotide polymorphisms , and the conformation analysis that try to explain the mechanism of action . 
As an example , one of the most important transporters P-gp is elaborated to explain the differences and advantages of various computational models . 
In the third part , the challenges of developing computational methods to get reliable prediction , as well as the potential future directions in transporter related modeling are discussed . A new concept of drug delivery for acne . Four new triterpenoid saponins from the leaves of Panax japonicus grown in southern Miyazaki Prefecture ( 4 ) . Mammalian target of rapamycin inhibitors and their potential role in therapy in leukaemia and other haematological malignancies . Short duration of diabetes and disuse of sulfonylurea have any association with insulin cessation of the patients with type 2 diabetes in a clinical setting in Japan ( JDDM 30 ) . Excessive ethanol consumption under exposure to lead intensifies disorders in bone metabolism : A study in a rat model . Bioinformatics and Molecular Dynamics Simulation Study of L1 Stalk Non-Canonical rRNA Elements : Kink-Turns , Loops , and Tetraloops . Expression and regulation of L-cystine transporter , system xc- , in the newly developed rat retinal Muller cell line ( TR-MUL ) . 4-Hydroxycoumarins such as warfarin 1 have been the mainstay of oral anticoagulation therapy for over 20 years . 
Yet little detail is known about the molecular interactions between 4-hydroxycoumarins with vitamin K epoxide reductase ( VKER ) , inhibition of which produces a deficiency of vitamin K and consequently a deficiency of vitamin K-dependent proteins involved in thrombus formation . 
Using molecular probes , such as 4-sulfhydrylwarfarin 7 and 4-chlorowarfarin 10 it is shown in vitro that inhibition of VKER by warfarin is dependent on deprotonation of the 4-hydroxycoumarin moiety . 
In addition , the nature of the substituent on carbon 3 of the 4-hydroxycoumarin modulated inhibition . 
More specifically , a linear isoprenyl side chain increased inhibition of VKER when compared to cyclical substituents as present in warfarin . 
An example of a 4-hydroxycoumarin with an isoprenyl side chain is the natural product ferulenol 19 derived from Ferula communis . 
Ferulenol 19 confers approximately 22 times more potent inhibition than warfarin and is approximately 1 . 5 more potent than the rodenticide brodifacoum in this in vitro assay . 
Based on these data it is hypothesized that 4-hydroxycoumarins bind to the active site of VKER thereby mimicking the transition state of the elimination of water from substrate 2-hydroxyvitamin K . Irbesartan is a long-acting angiotensin II antagonist acting specifically at the level of the Type 1-receptor subtype ( AT1-receptor ) . 
This compound lowers blood pressure dose-dependently in hypertensive patients and has a placebo-like tolerability . 
The antihypertensive efficacy of irbesartan is greatly enhanced by the coadministration of a diuretic , and fixed-dose combinations of irbesartan and hydrochlorothiazide are now available . 
Irbesartan-based treatment appears especially effective for high-risk patients , such as those with diabetes , renal disease and cardiac hypertrophy . 
In patients with Type 2 diabetes , irbesartan delays the development of nephropathy as well as the progression of renal failure . 
Irbesartan may have antiatherosclerotic properties beyond those expected from blood pressure lowering per se : this AT1-blocker decreases the vascular oxidative stress and prevents the procoagulant as well as the pro-inflammatory effects of angiotensin II . 
Irbesartan given alone or in combination with a diuretic therefore represents a rational approach to treat hypertensive patients . Sorafenib : recent update on activity as a single agent and in combination with interferon-alpha2 in patients with advanced-stage renal cell carcinoma . BACKGROUND : Statins are the most effective agents currently available for lowering plasma levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol ( LDL-C ) and are the mainstay of therapy for hyperlipidemia . 
The statins are highly liver-selective , inhibiting 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A ( HMG-CoA ) reductase , a key enzyme in the synthesis of cholesterol . 
Several large , controlled clinical trials have confirmed significant reductions in rates of coronary heart disease morbidity and death with long-term statin therapy in patients with mild to severe hypercholesterolemia . 
METHODS AND RESULTS : This review article is based on a literature search of more than 60 relevant articles from peer-reviewed journals . 
Search engines included Medline and Embase . 
In surveying clinical and angiographic evidence , we found that statins appear to reduce the incidence of coronary events by slowing the progression of atherosclerosis and preventing atheromatous lesion formation . 
We found that the 6 statins currently marketed-atorvastatin , cerivastatin , fluvastatin , lovastatin , pravastatin , and simvastatin-differ in their inhibitory action on the HMG-CoA reductase enzyme . 
CONCLUSIONS : The use of more potent statins such as atorvastatin and simvastatin affords greater lowering of LDL-C and triglyceride levels , allowing more patients to achieve target goals . 
The question of how low LDL-C levels should be lowered will be answered by ongoing clinical trials . There is increasing evidence that exposure to stressors in adolescence has long-lasting effects on emotional and cognitive behavior , but little is known as to whether reproductive functions are affected . 
We investigated appetitive and consummatory aspects of sexual behavior in male rats that were exposed to chronic social instability stress ( SS , n = 24 ) for 16 days in mid-adolescence compared to control rats ( CTL , n = 24 ) . 
Over five sexual behavior test sessions with a receptive female , SS rats made fewer ejaculations ( p = 0 . 02 ) and had longer latencies to ejaculation ( p = 0 . 03 ) . 
When only data from rats that ejaculated in the fifth session were analyzed , SS rats ( n = 18 ) had reduced copulatory efficiency ( more mounts and intromissions before ejaculation ) compared to CTL rats ( n = 19 ) ( p = 0 . 004 ) , and CTL rats were twice as likely as SS rats to make more than one ejaculation in the fifth session ( p = 0 . 05 ) . 
Further , more CTL ( 14 / 24 ) than SS ( 5 / 25 ) rats ejaculated in four or more sessions ( p = 0 . 05 ) . 
SS rats had lower plasma testosterone concentrations than CTL rats ( p = 0 . 05 ) , but did not differ in androgen receptor , estrogen receptor alpha , or Fos immunoreactive cell counts in the medial preoptic area . 
The groups did not differ in a partner preference test administered between the fourth and fifth sexual behavior session . 
The results suggest that developmental history contributes to individual differences in reproductive behavior , and that stress exposures in adolescence may be a factor in sexual sluggishness . Modulation of melanogenesis and antioxidant defense system in melanocytes by amikacin . P2X receptors are trimeric adenosine-5'-triphosphate ( ATP ) -gated cation channels involved in fast signal transduction in many cell types . 
In this study , we used homology modeling of the rat P2X2 receptor with the zebrafish P2X4 X-ray template to determine that the side chains of the Glu167 and Arg290 residues are in close spatial vicinity within the ATP-binding pocket when the rat P2X2 channel is closed . 
Through charge reversal mutation analysis and mutant cycle analysis , we obtained evidence that Glu167 and Arg290 form an electrostatic interaction . 
In addition , disulfide trapping indicated the close proximity of Glu167 and Arg290 when the channel is in the closed state , but not in the ATP-bound open state . 
Consistent with a gating-induced movement that disrupts the Glu167 / Arg290 salt bridge , a comparison of the closed and open rat P2X2 receptor models revealed a significant rearrangement of the protein backbone and the side chains of the Glu167 and Arg290 residues during the closed-to-open transition . 
The associated release of the Glu167 / Arg290 salt bridge during channel opening allows a strong ionic interaction between Arg290 and a γ-phosphate oxygen of ATP . 
We conclude from these results that the state-dependent salt bridge switching from Arg290 / Glu167 to Arg290 / ATP fulfills a dual role : to destabilize the closed state of the receptor and to promote the ionic coordination of ATP in the ATP-binding pocket . Cooperation of the conserved aspartate 439 and bound amino acid substrate is important for high-affinity Na + binding to the glutamate transporter EAAC1 . Short QT syndrome is a new genetic disorder associated with familial atrial fibrillation and / or sudden death or syncope . 
To date , different mutations in genes encoding for cardiac ion channels ( KCNH2 , KCNQ1 , and KCNJ2 ) have been identified to cause the short QT syndrome . 
The mutations lead to a gain of function of the affected current ( IKr , IKs , and IK1 ) . 
The phenotype is characterized by a shortened QT interval<335 ms after correction for heart rate at rates<80 beats / min . 
Furthermore , the QT interval poorly adapts to heart rate . 
Patients exhibit shortened atrial and ventricular effective refractory periods and , in the majority , inducibility of ventricular fibrillation . 
Death occurs already in newborns . 
Therapy of choice seems to be the implantable cardioverter defibrillator because of the high incidence of sudden death . 
Pharmacological treatment has been studied and it could be demonstrated , that some mutant currents may be insufficiently suppressed by drugs targeted to block the specific current such as , e . 
g . 
, sotalol or ibutilide in patients with a mutation in the IKr-coding gene KCNH2 ( HERG ) . 
Quinidine proved to be efficient in prolonging the QT interval and normalizing the effective refractory periods in some patients . The present series of studies is the first to investigate the pharmacological mechanisms underlying d-fenfluramine- and d-norfenfluramine-induced hypophagia in the rat using highly selective serotonin 5-HT2 receptor antagonists . 
Administration of d-fenfluramine , and its major metabolite d-norfenfluramine , suppresses food intake in animals . 
Both compounds stimulate the release of serotonin and are potent inhibitors of the re-uptake of 5-HT into nerve terminals . 
In addition , d-norfenfluramine also acts as a direct 5-HT ( 2B / 2C ) receptor agonist . 
Pre-treatment with the selective 5-HT2C receptor antagonist , SB-242084 ( 0 . 3-3 mg / kg ) , dose-dependently inhibited both d-fenfluramine- ( 3 mg / kg ) and d-norfenfluramine-induced ( 2 mg / kg ) hypophagia . 
In contrast , the hypophagic effect of d-fenfluramine and d-norfenfluramine was unaffected by prior treatment with the highly selective 5-HT2B receptor antagonists , SB-215505 ( 0 . 3-3 mg / kg ) and RS-127445 ( 1-3 mg / kg ) or the 5-HT2A receptor antagonists MDL 100 , 907 ( 0 . 003-0 . 03 mg / kg ) and ketanserin ( 0 . 2 , 0 . 5 mg / kg ) . 
In addition , the 5-HT1A receptor antagonist WAY-100635 ( 0 . 3 , 1 mg / kg ) and the 5-HT1B receptor antagonists GR-127935 ( 1 , 2 mg / kg ) and SB-224289 ( 2-10 mg / kg ) did not affect d-fenfluramine-induced hypophagia . 
These data provide unequivocal evidence for an important role of the 5-HT2C receptor in the mediation of d-fenfluramine and d-norfenfluramine-induced hypophagia in the rat and do not support the involvement of 5-HT1A / 1B / 2A / 2B receptors . Acetaminophen ( paracetamol ) is a selective cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor in man . In the present study , we determined the functional role of 15 positively charged amino acid residues at or within 1 of the predicted 11 transmembrane helixes of the flounder renal sodium-dicarboxylate cotransporter fNaDC-3 . 
Using site-directed mutagenesis , histidine ( H ) , lysine ( K ) , and arginine ( R ) residues of fNaDC-3 were replaced by alanine ( A ) , isoleucine ( I ) , or leucine ( L ) . 
Most mutants showed sodium-dependent , lithium-inhibitable [ 14C ] succinate uptake and , in two-electrode voltage-clamp ( TEVC ) experiments , Km and DeltaI ( max ) values comparable to wild-type ( WT ) fNaDC-3 . 
The replacement of R109 and R110 by alanine and isoleucine ( RR109 / 110AI ) prevented the expression of fNaDC-3 at the plasma membrane . 
When the lysines at positions 232 and 235 were replaced by isoleucine ( KK232 / 235II ) , the transporter was expressed but showed small transport rates and succinate-induced currents . 
K114I , located within transmembrane helix 4 , showed [ 14C ] succinate uptake similar to WT but relatively small inward currents . 
When K114 was replaced by arginine , glutamic acid ( E ) , or glutamine ( Q ) , all mutants were expressed at the cell surface . 
In [ 14C ] succinate uptake and TEVC experiments performed simultaneously on the same oocytes , uptake was similar to or higher than WT , whereas succinate-induced currents were either comparable ( K114R ) to , or considerably smaller ( K114E , K114I , K114Q ) than , those evoked by WT . 
These results suggest that a positively charged residue at position 114 is required for electrogenic sodium-dicarboxylate cotransport . Molecular mechanisms associated with increased tolerance to the neonicotinoid insecticide imidacloprid in the dengue vector Aedes aegypti . BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE : There are two important properties of receptor-ligand interactions : affinity ( the ability of the ligand to bind to the receptor ) and efficacy ( the ability of the receptor-ligand complex to induce a response ) . 
Ligands are classified as agonists or antagonists depending on whether or not they have efficacy . 
In theory , it is possible to develop selective agonists based on selective affinity , selective intrinsic efficacy or both . 
This study examined the affinity and intrinsic efficacy of 31 beta-adrenoceptor agonists at the three human beta-adrenoceptors to determine whether the current agonists are subtype selective because of affinity or intrinsic efficacy . 
EXPERIMENTAL APPROACH : Stable clonal CHO-K1 cell lines , transfected with either the human beta ( 1 ) , beta ( 2 ) or beta ( 3 ) -adrenoceptor , were used , and whole-cell [ ( 3 ) H ] -CGP 12177 radioligand binding and [ ( 3 ) H ] -cAMP accumulation were measured . 
KEY RESULTS : Several agonists were found to be highly subtype selective because of selective affinity ( e . 
g . 
salmeterol and formoterol , for the beta ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor over the beta ( 1 ) or beta ( 3 ) ) , while others ( e . 
g . 
isoprenaline ) had little affinity-selectivity . 
However , the intrinsic efficacy of salmeterol , formoterol and isoprenaline was similar across all three receptor subtypes . 
Other ligands ( e . 
g . 
denopamine for beta ( 1 ) ; clenbuterol , AZ 40140d , salbutamol for beta ( 2 ) ) were found to have subtype-selective intrinsic efficacy . 
Several ligands appeared to activate two agonist conformations of the beta ( 1 ) - and beta ( 3 ) -adrenoceptors . 
CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS : There are agonists with subtype selectivity based upon both selective affinity and selective intrinsic efficacy . 
Therefore , there is scope to develop better selective agonists based upon both selective affinity and selective intrinsic efficacy . Statins are inhibitors of the enzyme 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase , the rate-limiting step in cholesterol biosynthesis . 
Statins effectively prevent and reduce the risk of coronary artery disease through lowering serum cholesterol , and also exert anti-thrombotic , anti-inflammatory and antioxidant effects independently of changes in cholesterol levels . 
On the other hand , clinical and experimental evidence suggests that abrupt cessation of statin treatment ( i . 
e . 
statin withdrawal ) is associated with a deleterious rebound phenomenon . 
In fact , statin withdrawal increases the risk of thrombotic vascular events , causes impairment of endothelium-dependent relaxation and facilitates experimental seizures . 
However , evidence for statin withdrawal-induced detrimental effects to the brain parenchyma is still lacking . 
In the present study adult male Wistar rats were treated with atorvastatin for seven days ( 10mg / kg / day ) and neurochemical assays were performed in the cerebral cortex 30min ( atorvastatin treatment ) or 24h ( atorvastatin withdrawal ) after the last atorvastatin administration . 
We found that atorvastatin withdrawal decreased levels of nitric oxide and mitochondrial superoxide dismutase activity , whereas increased NADPH oxidase activity and immunoreactivity for the protein nitration marker 3-nitrotyrosine in the cerebral cortex . 
Catalase , glutathione-S-transferase and xanthine oxidase activities were not altered by atorvastatin treatment or withdrawal , as well as protein carbonyl and 4-hydroxy-2-nonenal immunoreactivity . 
Immunoprecipitation of mitochondrial SOD followed by analysis of 3-nitrotyrosine revealed increased levels of nitrated mitochondrial SOD , suggesting the mechanism underlying the atorvastatin withdrawal-induced decrease in enzyme activity . 
Altogether , our results indicate the atorvastatin withdrawal elicits oxidative / nitrosative damage in the rat cerebral cortex , and that changes in NADPH oxidase activity and mitochondrial superoxide dismutase activities may underlie such harmful effects . Serotonin 5-ht2c receptor agonists : potential for the treatment of obesity . Exposure of zebrafish embryos / larvae to TDCPP alters concentrations of thyroid hormones and transcriptions of genes involved in the hypothalamic-pituitary-thyroid axis . Accumulating evidence has demonstrated that S-nitrosation of proteins plays a critical role in several human diseases . 
Here , we explored the role of inducible nitric oxide synthase ( iNOS ) in the S-nitrosation of proteins involved in the early steps of the insulin-signaling pathway and insulin resistance in the skeletal muscle of aged mice . 
Aging increased iNOS expression and S-nitrosation of major proteins involved in insulin signaling , thereby reducing insulin sensitivity in skeletal muscle . 
Conversely , aged iNOS-null mice were protected from S-nitrosation-induced insulin resistance . 
Moreover , pharmacological treatment with an iNOS inhibitor and acute exercise reduced iNOS-induced S-nitrosation and increased insulin sensitivity in the muscle of aged animals . 
These findings indicate that the insulin resistance observed in aged mice is mainly mediated through the S-nitrosation of the insulin-signaling pathway . Under the assumption that field potentials recorded from particular brain areas reflect the net balance of neurotransmitter activities , the dose- and time-dependent responses induced by intraperitoneal application of different neuroleptic drugs are quantified by spectral analysis of the electroencephalogram recorded from frontal cortex , hippocampus , striatum and reticular formation . 
The actions of haloperidol , chlorpromazine , clozapine , prothipendyl and thioridazine in general were characterized by increases of the spectral power in the alpha 1 and beta range , at higher dosages also in the theta range . 
This observed pattern of changes is in line with the neuroleptic induced spectral changes reported in the literature for other animals and man . 
In the light of the already known effects of other psychoactive drugs on the frequency content of field potentials in the rat , it should now be possible to classify different drugs in terms of their clinical indication . 
With respect to the type of neurotransmitter control underlying the changes produced by various neuroleptics , it is quite obvious from the comparisons with the respective drug effects that dopamine-D1-receptor controlled transmission is not responsible for this action . 
On the basis of earlier findings a possible interaction between dopamine-D2 receptor or glutamatergic transmitter control is discussed . Polybrominated diphenyl ethers ( PBDEs ) were widely used flame retardants that have become persistent environmental pollutants . 
In the present study , we investigated the in vitro oxidative metabolism of 2 , 2' , 4 , 4'-tetrabromodiphenyl ether ( BDE-47 ) , a major PBDE detected in human tissue and environmental samples . 
Biotransformation of BDE-47 by pooled and individual human liver microsomes and by human recombinant cytochrome P450 ( P450 ) enzymes was assessed using a liquid chromatography / tandem mass spectrometry-based method . 
Of the nine hydroxylated metabolites of BDE-47 produced by human liver microsomes , seven metabolites were identified using authentic standards . 
A monohydroxy-tetrabrominated and a dihydroxy-tetrabrominated metabolite remain unidentified . 
Kinetic analysis of the rates of metabolite formation revealed that the major metabolites were 5-hydroxy-2 , 2' , 4 , 4'-tetrabromodiphenyl ether ( 5-OH-BDE-47 ) , 6-hydroxy-2 , 2' , 4 , 4'-tetrabromodiphenyl ether ( 6-OH-BDE-47 ) , and possibly the unidentified monohydroxy-tetrabrominated metabolite . 
Among the human recombinant P450 enzymes tested , P450 2B6 was the most active enzyme in the formation of the hydroxylated metabolites of BDE-47 . 
Moreover , the formation of all metabolites of BDE-47 by pooled human liver microsomes was inhibited by a P450 2B6-specific antibody and was highly correlated with P450 2B6-mediated activity in single donor liver microsomes indicating that P450 2B6 was the major P450 responsible for the biotransformation of BDE-47 . 
Additional experiments involving the incubation of liver microsomes with individual monohydroxy-tetrabrominated metabolites in place of BDE-47 demonstrated that 2 , 4-dibromophenol was a product of BDE-47 and several primary metabolites , but the dihydroxy-tetrabrominated metabolite was not formed by sequential hydroxylation of any of the monohydroxy-tetrabrominated metabolites tested . 
The present study provides a comprehensive characterization of the oxidative metabolism of BDE-47 by human liver microsomes and P450 2B6 . 1 Cisapride is a prokinetic agent which has been associated with QT prolongation , torsades de pointes and cardiac arrest . 
The cellular mechanism for these observations is high affinity blockade of IKr ( encoded by HERG ) . 
2 In a chronic transfection model using CHO-K1 cells , cisapride inhibited HERG tail currents after a step to + 25 mV with similar potency at room and physiological temperatures ( IC50 16 . 
4 nM at 20-22 degrees C and 23 . 6 nM at 37 degrees C ) . 
3 Channel inhibition exhibited time- , voltage- and frequency-dependence . 
In an envelope of tails test , channel blockade increased from 27 + / -8% after a 120 ms depolarizing step to 50 + / -4% after a 1 . 0 s step . 
These findings suggested affinity for open and / or inactivated channel states . 
4 Inactivation was significantly accelerated by cisapride in a concentration-dependent manner and there was a small ( -7 mV ) shift in the voltage dependence of steady state inactivation . 
5 Channel blockade by cisapride was modulated by [ K + ] o , with a 26% reduction in the potency of channel blockade when [ K + ] o was increased from 1 to 10 mM . 
6 In conclusion , HERG channel inhibition by cisapride exhibits features consistent with open and inactivated state binding and is sensitive to external potassium concentration . 
These features may have significant clinical implications with regard to the mechanism and treatment of cisapride-induced proarrhythmia . INTRODUCTION : The cannabinoids nabilone ( Cesamet ) and dronabinol ( Marinol ) are indicated for the management of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting ( CINV ) in cancer patients who have failed to respond adequately to conventional antiemetic therapy . 
DISCUSSION : The endocannabinoid ( CB ) system interacts with numerous other systems and pharmaceutical cannabinoids target ubiquitous CB1 and CB2 receptors in the central nervous system and periphery , relieving nausea and vomiting and pain . 
SUMMARY : The benefits of this novel class of medications in cancer may extend beyond CINV , as indicated by data from preclinical studies and animal models . Neutral endopeptidase degrades atrial natriuretic peptide ( ANP ) and bradykinin and may generate endothelin-1 from big-endothelin . 
In advanced cirrhosis , sodium retention is accompanied by elevated plasma ANP levels , and infusion of ANP causes hypotension , but in normal humans increasing the concentration of ANP through the inhibition of neutral endopeptidase , localized in renal proximal tubule cells , causes natriuresis without any arterial pressure drop . 
The purpose of this study was the assessment of kidney neutral endopeptidase expression and responses to candoxatrilat ( a specific inhibitor of this enzyme ) in rats with CCl4-induced cirrhosis . 
Two groups of control rats ( n = 5 ) were injected with vehicle or 3 mg / kg candoxatrilat . 
Three groups of cirrhotic rats with ascites ( n = 10 ) received vehicle alone or 3 or 10 mg / kg candoxatrilat . 
In cirrhotic rats , Western blot analysis revealed a 170% increase in renal neutral endopeptidase protein content ( P < 0 . 03 ) , mainly in the proximal nephron and macula densa , and both candoxatrilat dosages increased plasma ANP levels , urinary volume , and urinary excretion of sodium , ANP , and cGMP compared with vehicle alone ( all P < 0 . 03 ) . 
Candoxatrilat ( 10 mg / kg ) also reduced tubular solute-free water reabsorption ( P < 0 . 03 ) in cirrhotic rats , but renal blood flow , arterial pressure , and plasma renin activity were unaffected . 
Neutral endopeptidase inhibition has natriuretic and aquaretic actions in cirrhosis without any effect on blood pressure and kidney perfusion due to a significant overexpression of this enzyme in renal cortex . Although many beta1-receptor antagonists and beta2-receptor agonists have been used in pharmacotherapy for many years their pharmacological properties at all three known subtypes of beta-adrenergic receptors are not always well characterized . 
The aim of this study was , therefore , to provide comparative binding characteristics of agonists ( epinephrine , norepinephrine , isoproterenol , fenoterol , salbutamol , salmeterol , terbutalin , formoterol , broxaterol ) and antagonists ( propranolol , alprenolol , atenolol , metoprolol , bisoprolol , carvedilol , pindolol , BRL 37344 , CGP 20712 , SR 59230A , CGP 12177 , ICI 118551 ) at all three subtypes of human beta-adrenergic receptors in an identical cellular background . 
We generated Chinese hamster ovary ( CHO ) cells stably expressing the three beta-adrenergic receptor subtypes at comparable levels . 
We characterized these receptor subtypes and analyzed the affinity of routinely used drugs as well as experimental compounds in competition binding studies , using the non-selective antagonist 125I-cyanopindolol as a radioligand . 
Furthermore , we analyzed the beta-receptor-mediated adenylyl cyclase activity in isolated membranes from these cell lines . 
The results from our experiments show that all compounds exhibit distinct patterns of selectivity and activity at the three beta-receptor subtypes . 
In particular , a number of beta2- or beta3-receptor agonists that are inverse agonists at the other subtypes were identified . 
In addition , beta1-receptor antagonists with agonistic activity at beta2- and beta3-receptors were found . 
These specific mixtures of agonism , antagonism , and inverse agonism at different subtypes may have important implications for the therapeutic use of the respective compounds . Missense mutations in the proteolipid protein 1 ( PLP1 ) gene cause a wide spectrum of hypomyelinating disorders , from mild spastic paraplegia type 2 to severe Pelizaeus-Merzbacher disease ( PMD ) . 
Mutant PLP1 accumulates in the endoplasmic reticulum ( ER ) and induces ER stress . 
However , the link between the clinical severity of PMD and the cellular response induced by mutant PLP1 remains largely unknown . 
Accumulation of misfolded proteins in the ER generally leads to up-regulation of ER chaperones to alleviate ER stress . 
Here , we found that expression of the PLP1-A243V mutant , which causes severe disease , depletes some ER chaperones with a KDEL ( Lys-Asp-Glu-Leu ) motif , in HeLa cells , MO3 . 13 oligodendrocytic cells , and primary oligodendrocytes . 
The same PLP1 mutant also induces fragmentation of the Golgi apparatus ( GA ) . 
These organelle changes are less prominent in cells with milder disease-associated PLP1 mutants . 
Similar changes are also observed in cells expressing another disease-causing gene that triggers ER stress , as well as in cells treated with brefeldin A , which induces ER stress and GA fragmentation by inhibiting GA to ER trafficking . 
We also found that mutant PLP1 disturbs localization of the KDEL receptor , which transports the chaperones with the KDEL motif from the GA to the ER . 
These data show that PLP1 mutants inhibit GA to ER trafficking , which reduces the supply of ER chaperones and induces GA fragmentation . 
We propose that depletion of ER chaperones and GA fragmentation induced by mutant misfolded proteins contribute to the pathogenesis of inherited ER stress-related diseases and affect the disease severity . A review on the subject of aspirin resistance and its role in vascular diseases is presented . 
Although the clinical diagnosis of aspirin resistance is frequently made , little is known about its biochemical background . 
Only a few follow-up studies , with varying design , have dealt with the possible association between an aspirin resistant phenotype and clinical outcome in patients with atherothrombosis . 
However , it was recently shown that ibuprofen acts as a competitive inhibitor in the blockage of COX-1 . 
This pharmacodynamic interaction results in secondary aspirin resistance , which may have clinical significance in patients taking both medicines . 
With the complex nature of vascular diseases in mind , it is not surprising that aspirin used as a single preventive strategy fails in many cases . 
At present , there is no clear evidence that treatment failure is associated with a particular aspirin resistant phenotype . The present study aimed to compare the effect of gender difference on hemodynamic consequences in the development of monocrotaline ( MCT ) -induced pulmonary hypertension in rat . 
The effect of antioxidant enzyme systems on the development of pulmonary hypertension mediated by the phytotoxin MCT and the effect of gender on these antioxidant systems were also investigated . 
For this purpose , the right ventricular pressures ( RVPs ) and right ventricular / heart weight ( HW ) ratios were compared between groups and the glutathione ( GSH ) level and superoxide dismutase ( SOD ) , catalase ( CAT ) and glutathione-S-transferase ( GST ) activities were determined in lung and liver tissue samples of rats . 
RVP and right ventricular / HW ratios significantly increased in the MCT group compared to the control group . 
In the MCT group , RVP was significantly higher in males than females . 
MCT-induced pulmonary hypertension resulted in decreased GSH level , decreased GST and SOD activities and increased CAT activity in lung and liver tissues of both male and female rats . 
In addition , the lung and liver GSH level and GST and SOD levels were higher in female control rats compared to male control rats . 
The results of the present study , that antioxidant enzyme activities were different between the groups , highlight the possible role of oxidative stress in the pathogenesis of MCT-induced pulmonary hypertension in rats . 
Moreover , the lower antioxidant defense capacity of male rats than female rats may be considered as a cause of more aggressive course of MCT-induced pulmonary hypertension in males compared to females . Electron Paramagnetic Resonance Spectroscopic Study of Copper Hopping in Doped Bis ( l-histidinato ) cadmium Dihydrate . Endocrine disruptive potential of endosulfan on the reproductive axis of Cichlasoma dimerus ( Perciformes , Cichlidae ) . An innovative phase I clinical study demonstrates inhibition of FLT3 phosphorylation by SU11248 in acute myeloid leukemia patients . Embryoid bodies ( EBs ) generated from embryonic stem cells are used to study processes of differentiation within a three dimensional ( 3D ) cell environment . 
In many instances however , EBs are dispersed to single cell suspensions with a subsequent monolayer culture . 
Moreover , where the 3D integrity of an EB is maintained , cytokines or drugs of interest to stimulate differentiation are often added directly to the culture medium at fixed concentrations and effects are usually limited to the outer layers of the EB . 
The aim of this study was to create an EB model with localised drug and or growth factor delivery directly within the EB . 
Using poly ( DL-lactic acid-co-glycolic acid ) microparticles ( MPs ) with an average diameter of 13μm , we have demonstrated controllable incorporation of defined numbers of MPs within human ES cell derived EBs , down to 1 MP per EB . 
This was achieved by coating MPs with human ES cell lysate and centrifugation of specific ratios of ES cells and MPs to form 3D aggregates . 
Using MPs loaded with simvastatin ( pro or active drug ) or BMP-2 , we have demonstrated osteogenic differentiation within the 3D aggregates , maintained in culture for up to 21days , and quantified by real time QPCR for osteocalcin . 
Immunostaining for RUNX2 and osteocalcin , and also histochemical staining with picrosirius red to demonstrate collage type 1 and Alizarin red to demonstrate calcium / mineralisation further demonstrated osteogenic differentiation and revealed regional staining associated with the locations of MPs within the aggregates . 
We also demonstrated endothelial differentiation within human ES cell-derived aggregates using VEGF loaded MPs . 
In conclusion , we demonstrate an effective and reliable approach for engineering stem aggregates with definable number of MPs within the 3D cellular structure . 
We also achieved localised osteogenic and endothelial differentiation associated with MPs releasing encapsulated drug molecules or cytokines directly within the cell aggregate . 
This provides a powerful tool for controlling and investigating differentiation within 3D cell cultures and has applications to drug delivery , drug discovery , stem cell biology , tissue engineering and regenerative medicine . Aggression- and sex-induced neural activity across vasotocin populations in the brown anole . Comparison of cyclooxygenase-1 and -2 inhibitory activities of various nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs using human platelets and synovial cells . Utility of tolcapone in fluctuating Parkinson's disease . Sinapic acid is a member of the phenylpropanoid family and is abundant in cereals , nuts , oil seeds , and berries . 
It exhibits a wide range of pharmacological properties . 
In this study , we investigated the hepatoprotective and antifibrotic effects of sinapic acid on dimethylnitrosamine ( DMN ) -induced chronic liver injury in rats . 
Sinapic acid remarkably prevented DMN-induced loss of body weight . 
This was accompanied by a significant increase in levels of serum alanine transaminase , aspartate transaminase , and liver malondialdehyde content . 
Furthermore , sinapic acid reduced hepatic hydroxyproline content , which correlated with a reduction in the expression of type I collagen mRNA and histological analysis of collagen in liver tissue . 
Additionally , the expression of hepatic fibrosis-related factors such as α-smooth muscle actin and transforming growth factor-β1 ( TGF-β1 ) , were reduced in rats treated with sinapic acid . 
Sinapic acid exhibited strong scavenging activity . 
In conclusion , we find that sinapic acid exhibits hepatoprotective and antifibrotic effects against DMN-induced liver injury , most likely due to its antioxidant activities of scavenging radicals , its capacity to suppress TGF-β1 and its ability to attenuate activation of hepatic stellate cells . 
This suggests that sinapic acid is a potentially useful agent for the protection against liver fibrosis and cirrhosis . Influence of DNA repair on nonlinear dose-responses for mutation . Endothelial progenitor cells ( EPCs ) are known to repair vascular injuries . 
Recent studies suggest that Saiko-ka-ryukotsu-borei-To ( SKRBT ) , a traditional herbal medicine that has been used to treat stress-related neuropsychiatric disorders , has protective effects on cardiovascular diseases such as hypertension and arteriosclerosis . 
Spontaneously hypertensive rats ( SHRs ) were fed diets containing lyophilized SKRBT extract for 6 weeks . 
Peripheral blood mononuclear cells ( MNCs ) were isolated and cultured to assay EPC colony formation . 
Oxidative stress in MNCs was evaluated by thiobarbituric acid reactive substance ( TBARS ) assay and flowcytometric analyses . 
Treatment with SKRBT increased EPC colony numbers significantly ( p<0 . 05 ) with decrease in oxidative stress and without affecting blood pressure in SHRs . 
Treatment with SKRBT did not reduce the expression of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate ( NADPH ) oxidase subunits in cardiovascular organs . 
Serum IL-6 level was significantly reduced . 
SKRBT is a feasible herbal medicine that protects against cardiovascular diseases through an increase in EPC function along with anti-oxidative effects , and may affect the link between chronic inflammation and cardiovascular disease . Local delivery of growth factors ( GFs ) can accelerate regeneration of injured tissue , but for many medical applications , injectable GF delivery systems are required for clinical success . 
Viscoelastic , injectable aggregates of micrometer-sized hydrogel particles made of multiarmed polyethylene glycol ( starPEG ) and heparin were prepared and tested for site-specific paracrine stimulation of tissue regeneration . 
Heparin was used as it binds , protects and releases numerous GFs . 
Hydrogel based delivery of basic fibroblast growth factor ( bFGF ) and murine epidermal growth factor ( EGF ) was monitored utilizing enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay ( ELISA ) . 
bFGF was released slowly because of its high affinity to the heparin while the significantly higher release of the non-specific binding EGF was controlled by diffusion only . 
To investigate GF delivery in vivo , a hydrogel loaded with murine EGF or bFGF was injected subcapsularly into the left kidney of mice with experimental acute kidney injury caused by glycerol induced rhabdomyolysis . 
Visual examination confirmed sustained stability of the injected gel aggregates during the timescale of the experiment . 
The number of proliferating kidney tubular epithelial cells was quantified both in the injected kidney and the non-injected contralateral kidney . 
bFGF delivery from hydrogels induced a significant increase in cell proliferation in the injected kidney , although small effects were also seen in the non-injected kidney due to a systemic effect . 
EGF delivery strongly increased cell proliferation for both kidneys , but also showed a local effect on the injected kidney . 
The hydrogel without loaded GFs was used as a control and showed no increase in cell proliferation . 
Our results suggest that this novel starPEG-heparin hydrogel system can be an effective approach to deliver GFs locally . We conducted a case-crossover study to evaluate the comparative risk of ischemic stroke associated with the use of risperidone , quetiapine and olanzapine in geriatric patients using the Korean Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service database . 
Cases included elderly patients >64 years old who had experienced their first ischemic stroke ( International Classification of Disease , Tenth Revision ( ICD-10 ) , I63 ) hospitalization from July 2005 to June 2006 and who had been without prior cerebrovascular diseases ( ICD-10 , I60-I69 ) , or transient ischemic attack ( ICD-10 , G45 ) . 
Exposures to risperidone , quetiapine and olanzapine were assessed during the 30 days prior to the stroke episode . 
We set two control periods with lengths which were the same as the hazard periods . 
Adjusted odds ratios ( aORs ) with 95% confidence intervals ( CIs ) were estimated by conditional logistic regression . 
A total of 1601 cases of ischemic stroke with a mean age of 75 . 6 ( ±6 . 7 ) years were identified , among which 933 ( 58 . 3% ) were female . 
An increased risk of ischemic stroke was associated with the use of risperidone ( aOR = 3 . 5 , 95% CI 3 . 3-4 . 6 ) and quetiapine ( aOR = 2 . 7 , 95% CI 2 . 0-3 . 6 ) during the 30 days prior to stroke : however , no significant risk was observed with olanzapine ( aOR = 1 . 2 , 95% CI 0 . 7-2 . 0 ) . 
The increased stroke risk in demented patients , assessed within 30 days after exposure , was also observed with olanzapine . 
However , the sample of olanzapine users was small and underpowered . BACKGROUND : Inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase ( IMPDH ) catalyzes the rate-limiting step in de novo guanine nucleotide synthesis and is implicated in cell cycle control . 
Inhibition of this enzyme is associated with immunosuppressive , antiviral , and antitumor activity . 
IMPDH basal activity increases after initiation of immunosuppressive therapy . 
METHODS : A real-time reverse-transcription PCR assay was developed and validated for mRNA quantification of the 2 human IMPDH isoforms . 
Target gene expressions were normalized to the geometric mean of 3 housekeeping genes . 
Assay utility was tested by analyzing patient samples and cultured cells exposed to immunosuppressive drugs such as the IMPDH inhibitor mycophenolic acid . 
RESULTS : The assay was linear over 6 logs of cDNA input and demonstrated specific quantification of IMPDH1 and IMPDH2 expression in cultured cells and patient samples . 
Limits of detection and quantification were 10 and 10 ( 3 ) copies of cDNA per reaction , respectively . 
Within-run and total between-day CVs were <15% for normalized expression . 
Changes in IMPDH1 and 2 expression were observed in patient samples after initiation of an immunosuppressive regimen that included calcineurin inhibitors , mycophenolate mofetil , and steroids . 
CONCLUSIONS : This assay can be used to study the regulation of IMPDH expression and the involvement of the enzymes in immunological and malignant proliferative conditions . 
This may contribute to the processes of drug development and to the establishment of monitoring strategies for treatment effect and disease activity . Stability of sunflower 2S albumins and LTP to physiologically relevant in vitro gastrointestinal digestion . Antitumor and immunomodulatory activity of a water-soluble low molecular weight polysaccharide from Schisandra chinensis ( Turcz . 
) Baill . The roles of dopamine transport inhibition and dopamine release facilitation in wake enhancement and rebound hypersomnolence induced by dopaminergic agents . Cystic fibrosis ( CF ) is characterized by impaired Cl ( - ) secretion and increased Na ( + ) reabsorption in several tissues including respiratory epithelium . 
Many CFTR mutations have been identified over the past years . 
However , only a poor correlation between the genotype and lung phenotype was found suggesting additional factors influencing the phenotype and course of the disease . 
The serine / threonine kinase SGK1 has recently been shown to stimulate the activity of the epithelial Na ( + ) channel ENaC . 
A variety of stimuli such as aldosterone , cell shrinkage , insulin or TGF-beta1 stimulate transcription and activate the SGK1 kinase . 
Here we further examined the effects of SGK1 on ENaC and CFTR which have mutual interactions and we analyzed sgk1 mRNA abundance in lung tissue from CF patients . 
Coexpression of CFTR and h-SGK1 in Xenopus oocytes increased ENaC currents as previously described . 
In addition CFTR mediated currents were also stimulated . 
h-SGK1 accelerated the expression of the amiloride sensitive Na ( + ) - current in Xenopus oocytes paralleled by increased ENaC-protein abundance in the oocyte membrane , an effect which was reversed by a h-SGK1 ( K127R ) mutation lacking the ATP-binding site . 
The cation selectivity or Na ( + ) affinity were not affected . 
However , coexpression of h-SGK1 with ENaC altered the sensitivity of the Na ( + ) -channel to the inhibitors amiloride and triamterene . 
The inhibitory effect of CFTR expression on ENaC current was not affected by coexpression of h-SGK1 in Xenopus oocytes . 
Lung tissue from CF patients strongly expressed the serine / threonine kinase h-sgk1 which was not the case for non-CF lung tissue . 
Loss of CFTR function itself in a CF lung epithelial cell line did not increase SGK1 expression . 
In summary , enhanced expression of h-SGK1 in epithelial cells of CF-lung tissue may be a novel pathophysiological factor contributing to increased Na ( + ) channel activity and thus to increased Na ( + ) transport in CF . Cadmium is a non-essential heavy metal that is present at low levels mainly in food and water and also in cigar smoke . 
The present study evaluated the testicular damage caused by acute cadmium exposure and verified the protective role of γ-oryzanol ( ORY ) . 
Mice were administrated with a single dose of 2 . 5mg / kg of CdCl2 , and then treated with ORY ( 50mM in canola oil , 5mL / kg ) . 
Testes were removed after 24h and tested for lipid peroxidation ( TBARS ) , protein carbonylation , DNA breakage , ascorbic acid , cadmium and non-proteic thiols contents , and for the activities of superoxide dismutase ( SOD ) , catalase ( CAT ) , glutathione peroxidase ( GPx ) , glutathione S-transferase ( GST ) and δ-aminolevulic acid dehydratase ( δ-ALA-D ) . 
Cadmium presented a significant alteration in all parameters , except GPx and CAT activities . 
Therapy reduced in a slight degree cadmium concentration in testes ( around 23% ) . 
ORY restored SOD and GST activities as well as TBARS production to the control levels . 
Furthermore , ORY partially recovered δ-ALA-D activity inhibited by cadmium . 
This study provides the first evidence on the therapeutic properties of ORY in protecting against cadmium-induced testicular toxicity . Global analysis of Drosophila Cys2-His2 zinc finger proteins reveals a multitude of novel recognition motifs and binding determinants . The MWFE polypeptide of mammalian complex I ( the proton-translocating NADH-quinone oxidoreductase ) is 70 amino acids long , and it is predicted to be a membrane protein . 
The NDUFA1 gene encoding the MWFE polypeptide is located on the X chromosome . 
This polypeptide is 1 of approximately 28 "accessory proteins" identified in complex I , which is composed of 42 unlike subunits . 
It was considered accessory , because it is not one of the 14 polypeptides making up the core complex I; a homologous set of 14 polypeptides can make a fully functional proton-translocating NADH-quinone oxidoreductase in prokaryotes . 
One MWFE mutant has been identified and isolated from a collection of respiration-deficient Chinese hamster cell mutants . 
The CCL16-B2 mutant has suffered a deletion that would produce a truncated and abnormal MWFE protein . 
In these mutant cells , complex I activity is reduced severely ( <10% ) . 
Complementation with hamster NDUFA1 cDNA restored the rotenone-sensitive complex I activity of these mutant cells to approximately 100% of the parent cell activity . 
Thus , it is established that the MWFE polypeptide is absolutely essential for an active complex I in mammals . Drugs in Development for Relapsing Multiple Sclerosis . Effects of some mono- and bisquaternary ammonium compounds on the reactivatability of soman-inhibited human acetylcholinesterase in vitro . Real-time fluorescence turn-on detection of alkaline phosphatase activity with a novel perylene probe . In vitro inhibition of diacylglycerol acyltransferase by prenylflavonoids from Sophora flavescens . Peptides from the venom ducts of cone snails ( genus Conus ) contain gamma-carboxyglutamate residues . 
The gamma-glutamyl carboxylase responsible for this post-translational modification is localized in the microsomal fraction , strictly dependent on vitamin K , activated by ammonium sulfate , and is associated with endogenous substrate . 
The K ( m ) of the enzyme for vitamin K is comparable to that for the bovine carboxylase . 
However , a propeptide containing substrate related to the blood coagulation protein factor IX , a highly efficient substrate for the bovine enzyme , was poorly carboxylated by the Conus enzyme , suggesting differences in gamma-carboxylase recognition signal sequences and / or structural requirements at the carboxylation site . Effects of triflusal and aspirin in a rat model of cerebral ischemia . The role of 5-alpha reductase inhibitors in prostate pathophysiology : Is there an additional advantage to inhibition of type 1 Glucose reacts with proteins non-enzymatically under physiological conditions . 
Such glycation is exacerbated in diabetic patients with high level of blood sugar , and induces various complications . 
Human albumin serum ( HSA ) is the most abundant protein in plasma and is glycated by glucose . 
The glycation sites on HSA remain controversial among different studies . 
Here , we report two protein crystal structures of HSA in complex with either glucose or fructose . 
These crystal structures reveal that the presence of linear forms of sugar for both monosaccharides . 
The linear form of glucose forms a covalent bond to Lys195 of HSA , but not the case for fructose . 
Based on these structures , we propose a mechanism for glucose ring opening involving both residues Lys195 and Lys199 . 
These results provide mechanistic insights to understand the glucose ring opening reaction and the glycation of proteins by monosaccharides . RNAi silencing of three homologues of S-adenosylmethionine decarboxylase gene in tapetal tissue of tomato results in male sterility . HIV entry is mediated by the envelope glycoproteins gp120 and gp41 . 
The gp41 subunit contains several functional domains : the N-terminal heptad repeat ( NHR ) domains fold a triple stranded coiled-coil forming a meta-stable prefusion intermediate . 
C-terminal heptad repeat ( CHR ) subsequently folds onto the hydrophobic grooves of the NHR coiled-coil to form a stable 6-helix bundle , which juxtaposes the viral and cellular membranes for fusion . 
The C34 which has 34 amino acid residues is known as the core structure in CHR . 
A highly anti-HIV peptide inhibitor derived from C34 was designed . 
An artificial salt bridge was added in the 6-helical bundle by substitution of lysine for Ile646 . 
With a cholesterol modification at C-terminal , the inhibitor containing I646K mutation represented higher anti-viral activity than C34-cholesterol combination without mutation . We have previously shown that human placental estradiol-17 beta dehydrogenase ( EC 1 . 1 . 1 . 62; 17 beta-EDH ) catalyzes the conversion of estradiol-17 beta to estrone and stereospecifically reduces NAD + to [ 4-pro-S ] NADH , [ ( 4-B ] NADH ) . 
Subsequently , this enzyme was found to reduce the ketone function at C-20 of progesterone , and evidence indicates that both activities reside at the same active site . 
This study was done to further elucidate spatial arrangements of cofactor and the 21-carbon substrate as they bind at the active site . 
The cofactor , [ 4B-3H ] NADPH , was generated with homogeneous 17 beta-EDH from term human placenta , utilizing [ 17 alpha-3H ] estradiol-17 beta and NADP + . 
The resulting [ 4B-3H ] NADPH was then purified by ion exchange chromatography and was separately incubated ( 24 . 4 microM ) with a large molar excess of progesterone ( 150 microM ) as substrate in the presence of the enzyme . 
Following incubation , the steroid reactants and products were extracted , separated by high-performance liquid chromatography and quantitated as to mass and tritium content . 
Oxidized and reduced cofactor were separated by ion-exchange chromatography and similarly quantitated . 
In all incubations , equimolar amounts of 20 alpha-hydroxy-4-pregnen-3-one ( 20 alpha-OHP ) and NADP + were obtained . 
Radioactivity was stoichiometrically transferred from [ 4B-3H ] NADPH to the steroid product [ ( 3H ] 20 alpha-OHP ) . 
These results further substantiate a single active site for both 17 beta- and 20 alpha-dehydrogenation enzyme activities . 
In addition , the enzyme is B-side specific , catalyzing the transfer of the 4B-hydrogen from the dihydronicotinamide moiety of the cofactor , for both C-18 and C-21 steroid substrates . 
Since the 20 alpha-dehydrogenation by other enzyme sources has always been demonstrated to be an A-side specific reaction , this observation represents an important exception to the Alworth-Bentley rules of enzyme stereospecificity . gamma-Aminobutyric acid type A ( GABA ( A ) ) receptors , a family of Cl ( - ) -permeable ion channels , mediate fast synaptic inhibition as postsynaptically enriched receptors for gamma-aminobutyric acid at GABAergic synapses . 
Here we describe an alternative type of inhibition mediated by GABA ( A ) receptors present on neocortical glutamatergic nerve terminals and examine the underlying signaling mechanism ( s ) . 
By monitoring the activity of the presynaptic CaM kinase II / synapsin I signaling pathway in isolated nerve terminals , we demonstrate that GABA ( A ) receptor activation correlated with an increase in basal intraterminal [ Ca ( 2 + ) ] ( i ) . 
Interestingly , this activation of GABA ( A ) receptors resulted in a reduction of subsequent depolarization-evoked Ca ( 2 + ) influx , which thereby led to an inhibition of glutamate release . 
To investigate how the observed GABA ( A ) receptor-mediated modulation operates , we determined the sensitivity of this process to the Na-K-2Cl cotransporter 1 antagonist bumetanide , as well as substitution of Ca ( 2 + ) with Ba ( 2 + ) , or Ca ( 2 + ) / calmodulin inhibition by W7 . 
All of these treatments abolished the modulation by GABA ( A ) receptors . 
Application of selective antagonists of voltage-gated Ca ( 2 + ) channels ( VGCCs ) revealed that the GABA ( A ) receptor-mediated modulation of glutamate release required the specific activity of L- and R-type VGCCs . 
Crucially , the inhibition of release by these receptors was abolished in terminals isolated from R-type VGCC knock-out mice . 
Together , our results indicate that a functional coupling between nerve terminal GABA ( A ) receptors and L- or R-type VGCCs is mediated by Ca ( 2 + ) / calmodulin-dependent signaling . 
This mechanism provides a GABA-mediated control of glutamatergic synaptic activity by a direct inhibition of glutamate release . The effects of the adenosine A3 receptor agonist IB-MECA on sodium taurocholate-induced experimental acute pancreatitis . Estradiol exerts antiapoptotic effects in skeletal myoblasts via mitochondrial PTP and MnSOD . The nutritional supplement Active Hexose Correlated Compound ( AHCC ) has direct immunomodulatory actions on intestinal epithelial cells and macrophages involving TLR / MyD88 and NF-κB / MAPK activation . Variable Na ( v ) 1 . 5 protein expression from the wild-type allele correlates with the penetrance of cardiac conduction disease in the Scn5a ( + / - ) mouse model . Cytotoxic activity of Guettarda pohliana Müll . 
Arg . 
( Rubiaceae ) . Substrate specificity of the human renal sodium dicarboxylate cotransporter , hNaDC-3 , under voltage-clamp conditions . Solubilization and immunopurification of rat brain synaptic vesicle protein 2A with maintained binding properties . Graphene nanoribbons as an advanced precursor for making carbon fiber . Metalloelastase ( MMP-12 ) induced inflammatory response in mice airways : effects of dexamethasone , rolipram and marimastat . Enzyme replacement therapy for mucopolysaccharidosis VI : long-term cardiac effects of galsulfase ( Naglazyme® ) therapy . The effects of treatment with the 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase ( HMG-CoA reductase ) inhibitors lovastatin , simvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , and atorvastatin on the contents of cytochrome p450 mRNAs were examined in primary cultures of human hepatocytes prepared from three different livers . 
Treatment of 2- to 3-day-old human hepatocyte cultures with 3 x 10 ( -5 ) M lovastatin , simvastatin , fluvastatin , or atorvastatin for 24 h increased the amounts of CYP2B6 and CYP3A mRNA by an average of 3 . 8- to 9 . 2-fold and 24- to 36-fold , respectively . 
In contrast , pravastatin treatment had no effect on the mRNA level of either CYP2B6 or CYP3A , although treatment with pravastatin did produce the expected compensatory increase in HMG-CoA reductase mRNA content , indicating effective inhibition of cholesterol biosynthesis . 
Although treatment with the active ( + ) , but not the inactive ( - ) , enantiomer of atorvastatin increased the amount of HMG-CoA reductase mRNA , treatment with each enantiomer significantly induced both CYP2B6 and CYP3A mRNA levels . 
Treatment of primary cultured rat hepatocytes with the atorvastatin enantiomers effectively increased the amount of CYP3A mRNA , but had no effect on CYP2B or CYP4A mRNA levels , in contrast to fluvastatin , which increased both . 
Findings for p450 proteins by Western blotting were consistent with the mRNA results . 
These findings indicate that the ability of a drug to inhibit HMG-CoA reductase activity does not predict its ability to produce p450 induction in primary cultured human hepatocytes , and demonstrate that some , but not all , of the effects of these drugs that occur in primary cultured rat hepatocytes are conserved in human hepatocyte cultures . High-resolution magic angle spinning ( HR-MAS ) is a nuclear magnetic resonance ( NMR ) technique that enables the characterization of metabolic phenotypes / metabolite profiles of cells , tissues , and organs , under both normal and pathological conditions , without resorting to time-consuming extraction techniques . 
In this article , we explore a new domain of application of HR-MAS , namely , reconstructed human epidermis ( RHE ) and the in situ observation of chemical interactions between skin sensitizers and nucleophilic amino acids . 
First , the preparation , storage , and analysis of RHE were optimized , and this work demonstrated that HR-MAS NMR was well adapted for investigating RHE with spectra of good quality allowing qualitative as well as quantitative studies of metabolites . 
Second , in order to study the response of RHE to chemical sensitizers , the ( ( 13 ) C ) methyldodecanesulfonate was chosen as an NMR probe , and we compared adducts formed on human serum albumin ( HSA ) in solution and adducts formed in RHE . 
Thus , while the modification of proteins or peptides in solution takes several days to lead to a significant amount of modification , in RHE the modifications of nucleophilic amino acids were observable already at 24 h . 
The chemioselectivity also appeared to be different with major modifications taking place on histidine , methionine , and cysteine residues in RHE , while on HSA , significant modifications were observed on lysine residues with the formation of methylated and dimethylated amino groups . 
We thus demonstrated that RHE could be used to investigate in situ chemical interactions taking place between skin sensitizers and nucleophilic amino acids . 
This opens perspectives for the molecular understanding of the skin immune system activation by sensitizing chemicals . A high throughput screen identified adamantane dipeptide 1 as an inhibitor of Ebola virus ( EboV ) infection . 
Hit-to-lead optimization to determine the structure-activity relationship ( SAR ) identified the more potent EboV inhibitor 2 and a photoaffinity labeling agent 3 . 
These anti-viral compounds were employed to identify the target as Niemann-Pick C1 ( NPC1 ) , a host protein that binds the EboV glycoprotein and is essential for infection . 
These studies establish NPC1 as a promising target for anti-viral therapy . Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( NSAIDs ) are competitive inhibitors of cyclooxygenase ( COX ) , the enzyme that mediates biosynthesis of prostaglandins and thromboxanes from arachidonic acid . 
There are at least two different isoforms of the enzyme known as COX-1 and -2 . 
Site directed mutagenesis studies suggest that non-selective COX inhibitors of diverse chemical families exhibit differential binding modes to the two isozymes . 
These results cannot clearly be explained from the sole analysis of the crystal structures of COX available from X-ray diffraction studies . 
With the aim to elucidate the structural features governing the differential inhibitory binding behavior of these inhibitors , molecular modeling studies were undertaken to generate atomic models compatible with the experimental data available . 
Accordingly , docking of different COX inhibitors , including selective and non-selective ligands : rofecoxib , ketoprofen , suprofen , carprofen , zomepirac , indomethacin , diclofenac and meclofenamic acid were undertaken using the AMBER program . 
The results of the present study provide new insights into a better understanding of the differential binding mode of diverse families of COX inhibitors , and are expected to contribute to the design of new selective compounds . Selective brain region activation by histamine H3 receptor antagonist / inverse agonist ABT-239 enhances acetylcholine and histamine release and increases c-Fos expression . The aim of this study was to investigate the protective effects of taurine ( Tau ) on experimental acute pancreatitis ( AP ) in a rat model by measuring cytokines and oxidant stress markers . 
Forty rats were randomly divided into four groups : sham , AP , Tau and AP + Tau . 
AP was induced with sodium taurocholate . 
No treatment was given to the AP . 
All rats were killed 5 days later . 
Pancreatic tissues of rats and blood samples were obtained . 
Tau treatment significantly decreased serum amylase activity ( p < 0 . 001 ) , total injury score ( p < 0 . 001 ) , malondialdehyde levels ( p < 0 . 001 ) and myeloperoxidase ( MPO ) activity ( p < 0 . 001 ) . 
There was no significant difference between the Tau and AP + Tau groups in serum and pancreatic tumor necrosis factor-α , interleukin ( IL ) -1β and IL-6 levels ( p = 1 . 000 ) . 
Histopathologic scores in the AP + Tau and Tau groups were significantly lower compared with the AP group ( both p < 0 . 001 ) . 
These results showed that Tau reduces lipid peroxidation , amylase and MPO activities and the concentrations of proinflammatory cytokines secondary to AP and also increases superoxide dismutase and glutathione peroxidase activities in rats with sodium taurocholate-induced AP . 
It also has a marked ameliorative effect at histopathologic lesions . 
With these effects , Tau protects the cells from oxidative damage , reduces inflammation and promotes regression of pancreatic damage . Wide-ranging exploration of analogues of an ATP-competitive pyrrolopyrimidine inhibitor of Akt led to the discovery of clinical candidate AZD5363 , which showed increased potency , reduced hERG affinity , and higher selectivity against the closely related AGC kinase ROCK . 
This compound demonstrated good preclinical drug metabolism and pharmacokinetics ( DMPK ) properties and , after oral dosing , showed pharmacodynamic knockdown of phosphorylation of Akt and downstream biomarkers in vivo , and inhibition of tumor growth in a breast cancer xenograft model . The alpha-2 adrenoceptor subtype and its signal transduction pathway mediating vascular relaxation in rats were studied in vitro using rings of superior mesenteric arteries . 
Removal of endothelium or incubation with NG-nitro-L-arginine completely blocked relaxant responses to UK14 , 304 , suggesting endothelium-derived nitric oxide mediates relaxation . 
The order of potency for full ( F ) or partial ( P ) agonists causing relaxation was guanabenz ( P ) > UK14 , 304 ( F ) > clonidine ( P ) > epinephrine ( F ) > norepinephrine ( F ) . 
Affinities ( Ka ) of alpha-2 adrenoceptor subtype-selective drugs for blocking relaxation were obtained in side-by-side experiments comparing rat mesenteric arteries with pig coronary arteries . 
Relaxation of pig coronary arteries is known to be mediated by the alpha-2A adrenoceptor subtype . 
Ka values in nM for rauwolscine ( 19 ) , WB-4101 ( 265 ) , SKF-104078 ( 197 ) , spiroxatrine ( 128 ) , and prazosin ( 1531 ) for blocking relaxation in rat arteries were consistent with their affinities for binding at the alpha-2D adrenoceptor subtype . 
Ka values for rauwolscine and WB-4101 , drugs distinguishing the alpha-2D from the alpha-2A adrenoceptor subtype , were significantly higher in blocking relaxation of rat arteries compared with pig arteries , suggesting the alpha-2D adrenoceptor subtype mediates NO-induced relaxation in rat arteries . 
We used forskolin to oppose alpha-2 adrenoceptor-mediated inhibition of cAMP formation by directly stimulating cAMP formation in endothelium . 
Forskolin did not affect the relaxant response to UK14 , 304 , suggesting that cAMP is not involved in the coupling of alpha-2 adrenoceptors to nitric oxide-induced vascular relaxation . Antidepressant-like effect of oleanolic acid in mice exposed to the repeated forced swimming test . Voltage-activated Ca2 + channels exist as multigene families that share common structural features . 
Different Ca2 + channels are distinguished by their electrophysiology and pharmacology and can be classified as either low or high voltage-activated channels . 
Six alpha1 subunit genes cloned previously code for high voltage-activated Ca2 + channels; therefore , we have used a database search strategy to identify new Ca2 + channel genes , possibly including low voltage-activated ( T-type ) channels . 
A novel expressed sequence-tagged cDNA clone of alpha1G was used to screen a cDNA library , and in the present study , we report the cloning of alpha1H ( or CavT . 2 ) , a low voltage-activated Ca2 + channel from human heart . 
Northern blots of human mRNA detected more alpha1H expression in peripheral tissues , such as kidney and heart , than in brain . 
We mapped the gene , CACNA1H , to human chromosome 16p13 . 3 and mouse chromosome 17 . 
Expression of alpha1H in HEK-293 cells resulted in Ca2 + channel currents displaying voltage dependence , kinetics , and unitary conductance characteristic of native T-type Ca2 + channels . 
The alpha1H channel is sensitive to mibefradil , a nondihydropyridine Ca2 + channel blocker , with an IC50 of 1 . 4 micromol / L , consistent with the reported potency of mibefradil for T-type Ca2 + channels . 
Together with alpha1G , a rat brain T-type Ca2 + channel also cloned in our laboratory , these genes define a unique family of Ca2 + channels . Structure of human microsomal cytochrome P450 2C8 . 
Evidence for a peripheral fatty acid binding site . ABT-737 resistance in B-cells isolated from chronic lymphocytic leukemia patients and leukemia cell lines is overcome by the pleiotropic kinase inhibitor quercetin through Mcl-1 down-regulation . BACKGROUND / AIMS : It has been proposed that , in acute liver failure , skeletal muscle adapts to become the principle organ responsible for removal of blood-borne ammonia by increasing glutamine synthesis , a reaction that is catalyzed by the cytosolic ATP-dependent enzyme glutamine synthetase . 
To address this issue , glutamine synthetase expression and activities were measured in skeletal muscle of rats with acute liver failure resulting from hepatic devascularization . 
METHODS : Glutamine synthetase protein and gene expression were investigated using immunoblotting and semi-quantitative RT-PCR analysis . 
Glutamine synthetase activity and glutamine de novo synthesis were measured using , respectively , a standard enzymatic assay and [ 13C ] -nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy . 
RESULTS : Glutamine synthetase protein ( but not gene ) expression and enzyme activities were significantly up-regulated leading to increased de novo synthesis of glutamine and increased skeletal muscle capacity for ammonia removal in acute liver failure . 
In contrast to skeletal muscle , expression and activities of glutamine synthetase in the brain were significantly decreased . 
CONCLUSIONS : These findings demonstrate that skeletal muscle adapts , through a rapid induction of glutamine synthetase , to increase its capacity for removal of blood-borne ammonia in acute liver failure . 
Maintenance of muscle mass together with the development of agents with the capacity to stimulate muscle glutamine synthetase could provide effective ammonia-lowering strategies in this disorder . The plasma concentration of repaglinide is reported to increase greatly when given after repeated oral administration of itraconazole and gemfibrozil . 
The present study analyzed this interaction based on a physiologically based pharmacokinetic ( PBPK ) model incorporating inhibition of the hepatic uptake transporter and metabolic enzymes involved in repaglinide disposition . 
Firstly , the plasma concentration profiles of inhibitors ( itraconazole , gemfibrozil , and gemfibrozil glucuronide ) were reproduced by a PBPK model to obtain their pharmacokinetic parameters . 
The plasma concentration profiles of repaglinide were then analyzed by a PBPK model , together with those of the inhibitors , assuming a competitive inhibition of CYP3A4 by itraconazole , mechanism-based inhibition of CYP2C8 by gemfibrozil glucuronide , and inhibition of organic anion transporting polypeptide ( OATP ) 1B1 by gemfibrozil and its glucuronide . 
The plasma concentration profiles of repaglinide were well reproduced by the PBPK model based on the above assumptions , and the optimized values for the inhibition constants ( 0 . 0676 nM for itraconazole against CYP3A4; 14 . 2 μM for gemfibrozil against OATP1B1; and 5 . 48 μM for gemfibrozil glucuronide against OATP1B1 ) and the fraction of repaglinide metabolized by CYP2C8 ( 0 . 801 ) were consistent with the reported values . 
The validity of the obtained parameters was further confirmed by sensitivity analyses and by reproducing the repaglinide concentration increase produced by concomitant gemfibrozil administration at various timings / doses . 
The present findings suggested that the reported concentration increase of repaglinide , suggestive of synergistic effects of the coadministered inhibitors , can be quantitatively explained by the simultaneous inhibition of the multiple clearance pathways of repaglinide . Hungry bone syndrome ( HBS ) refers to the rapid , profound , and prolonged hypocalcaemia associated with hypophosphataemia and hypomagnesaemia , and is exacerbated by suppressed parathyroid hormone ( PTH ) levels , which follows parathyroidectomy in patients with severe primary hyperparathyroidism ( PHPT ) and preoperative high bone turnover . 
It is a relatively uncommon , but serious adverse effect of parathyroidectomy . 
We conducted a literature search of all available studies reporting a 'hungry bone syndrome' in patients who had a parathyroidectomy for PHPT , to identify patients at risk and address the pitfalls in their management . 
The severe hypocalcaemia is believed to be due to increased influx of calcium into bone , due to the sudden removal of the effect of high circulating levels of PTH on osteoclastic resorption , leading to a decrease in the activation frequency of new remodelling sites and to a decrease in remodelling space , although there is no good documentation for this . 
Various risk factors have been suggested for the development of HBS , including older age , weight / volume of the resected parathyroid glands , radiological evidence of bone disease and vitamin D deficiency . 
The syndrome is reported in 25-90% of patients with radiological evidence of hyperparathyroid bone disease vs only 0-6% of patients without skeletal involvement . 
There is insufficient data-based evidence on the best means to treat , minimise or prevent this severe complication of parathyroidectomy . 
Treatment is aimed at replenishing the severe calcium deficit by using high doses of calcium supplemented by high doses of active metabolites of vitamin D . 
Adequate correction of magnesium deficiency and normalisation of bone turnover are required for resolution of the hypocalcaemia which may last for a number of months after successful surgery . 
Preoperative treatment with bisphosphonates has been suggested to reduce post-operative hypocalcaemia , but there are to date no prospective studies addressing this issue . Introduction : 5-Lipoxygenase ( 5-LO ) is a crucial enzyme of the arachidonic acid ( AA ) cascade and catalyzes the formation of bioactive leukotrienes ( LTs ) with the help of FLAP , the 5-LO-activating protein . 
LTs are inflammatory mediators playing a pathophysiological role in different diseases like asthma , allergic rhinitis as well as cardiovascular diseases and certain types of cancer . 
With the rising number of indications for anti-LT therapy , 5-LO inhibitor drug development becomes increasingly important . 
Areas covered : Here , both recent findings regarding the pathophysiological role of 5-LO and the patents claimed for 5-LO inhibitors are discussed . 
Focusing on direct inhibitors , several patents disclosing FLAP antagonists are also subject of this review . 
Novel compounds include 1 , 5-diarylpyrazoles , indolizines and indoles and several natural product extracts . 
Expert opinion : Evaluation of the patent activities revealed only quite moderate action . 
Nevertheless , several auspicious drug-like molecules were disclosed . 
It seems that in the near future , FLAP inhibitors can be expected to enter the market for the treatment of asthma . 
With the resolved structure of 5-LO , structure-based drug design is now applicable . 
Together with the identification of downstream enzyme inhibitors and dual-targeting drugs within the AA cascade , several tools are at hand to cope with 5-LOs increasing pathophysiological roles . GATA2-induced silencing and LIM-homeodomain protein-induced activation are mediated by a bi-functional response element in the rat GnRH receptor gene . The effects of tamsulosin , a high affinity antagonist at functional alpha 1A- and alpha 1D-adrenoceptor subtypes . Modulation of the nitric oxide producing system ( demonstrated via the NADPH-diaphorase histochemical reaction ) by oestradiol has been established in several structures of the rat brain . 
The present study aimed to explore the possible regulation of NADPH-diaphorase activity by oestradiol in neurones of the supraoptic ( SON ) and paraventricular ( PVN ) nuclei and the role of oestrogen receptors ( ERα and ERβ ) in this regulation . 
Adult ovariectomised rats were divided into six groups and injected either with vehicle or a single dose of oestradiol , a selective ERα agonist-PPT [ 4 , 4' , 4″- ( 4-propyl- [ 1H ] -pyrazole-1 , 3 , 5-triyl ) trisphenol ] , a selective ERβ agonist-DPN [ 2 , 3-bis ( 4-hydroxyphenyl ) -propionitrile ] , a selective ERα antagonist-MPP [ 1 , 3-bis ( 4-hydroxyphenyl ) -4-methyl-5- [ 4- ( 2-piperidinylethoxy ) phenol ] -1H-pyrazole dihydrochloride ] or a selective ERβ antagonist-PHTPP ( 4- [ 2-phenyl-5 , 7-bis ( trifluoromethyl ) pyrazolo [ 1 , 5-a ] pyrimidin-3-yl ] phenol ) . 
The number of NADPH-diaphorase positive elements in the SON and the PVN was modulated by both ERs but , depending on the nucleus , ERα and ERβ ligands induced different effects . 
These results suggest that the regulation of nitrergic system by ERs may play a role in the control of oestrogen-dependent physiological mechanisms regulated by the SON and the PVN . Butorphanol : effects of a prototypical agonist-antagonist analgesic on kappa-opioid receptors . The macrocyclic tetrapeptide natural product CJ-15 , 208 ( cyclo [ Phe-d-Pro-Phe-Trp ] ) exhibited both dose-dependent antinociception and kappa opioid receptor ( KOR ) antagonist activity after oral administration . 
CJ-15 , 208 antagonized a centrally administered KOR selective agonist , providing strong evidence it crosses the blood-brain barrier to reach KOR in the CNS . 
Orally administered CJ-15 , 208 also prevented both cocaine- and stress-induced reinstatement of extinguished cocaine-seeking behavior in the conditioned place preference assay in a time- and dose-dependent manner . 
Thus , CJ-15 , 208 is a promising lead compound with a unique activity profile for potential development , particularly as a therapeutic to prevent relapse to drug-seeking behavior in abstinent subjects . Na + / Ca2 + exchange inhibitors : a new class of calcium regulators . Using radioligand receptor binding methods , the affinities ( Ki ) of amoxapine and loxapine for various receptors ( adrenergic alpha 1 , alpha 2 , beta; dopaminergic D1 , D2; serotoninergic 5-HT1 , 5-HT2; Muscarinic , GABA , BZ ) were investigated . 
The two compounds showed high affinities for 5-HT2 , D2 and alpha 1 receptors ( Ki less than 10 ( -7 ) mol / L ) , moderate affinity for alpha 2 receptor ( Ki less than 10 ( -6 ) mol / L ) , and low affinities for M and 5-HT1 receptor ( Ki less than 10 ( -5 ) mol / L ) . 
In addition , amoxapine appeared to have low affinities for D1 and GABA receptors . 
For D1 receptor , loxapine was found to have moderate affinity which was nearly 20 fold greater than amoxapine , but amoxapine exhibited more potent inhibitory effects on serotonin receptors and weaker inhibitory affects on dopamine receptors . 
Neither amoxapine nor loxapine showed significant affinity for BZ and beta-adrenergic receptors . 
These differences in the affinities may be responsible for their different psychopharmacological effects in the clinical treatment of patients . 
The regulation of 5-HT2 and beta receptors were examined in chronic experiments on rats given amoxapine 8 mg / kg or loxapine 1 mg / kg orally once daily for one to three weeks . 
The 5-HT2 receptor density was time-dependently reduced but no effect on beta receptors was observed . 
The down-regulation of 5-HT2 receptors might be associated with antidepressant action of the two drugs . Cardiac hypertrophy is the main response of the heart to various extrinsic and intrinsic stimuli , and it is characterized by specific molecular and phenotypic changes . 
Recent in vitro and in vivo studies indicate the involvement of reactive oxygen species in the hypertrophic response . 
In this study , silibinin , a plant flavonolignan extracted from milk thistle with potent antioxidant activity , was evaluated for its effects in ( a ) preventing hydrogen peroxide ( H2O2 ) -induced cellular damage and ( b ) blocking the phenylephrine-induced hypertrophic response . 
Using the in vitro model of embryonic rat heart-derived H9c2 cells , we showed that silibinin has a rather safe profile as concentrations up to 200μM did not affect cell viability . 
Pretreatment of H9c2 cells with silibinin resulted in better protection of H9c2 cells under conditions of H2O2-induced cellular stress compared to untreated cells as indicated by cell viability and DNA fragmentation assays . 
Furthermore , silibinin attenuated the phenylephrine-induced hypertrophic response as evidenced by the measurement of cell surface , up-regulation of atrial natriuretic peptide and increase of cellular protein levels . 
Moreover , silibinin repressed the phenylephrine-induced phosphorylation of ERK1 / 2 kinases , while it appeared to inhibit the weakly activated by phenylephrine phosphorylation of Akt . 
Based on our results , silibinin may attenuate the phenylephrine-induced hypertrophic response of H9c2 cells via antioxidant mechanisms involving mainly the inhibition of the intracellular signaling pathways mediated by ERK1 / 2 MAPKs and Akt . The fatty acid amide hydrolase inhibitor , URB597 , promotes retinal ganglion cell neuroprotection in a rat model of optic nerve axotomy . Oxidative status in ICU patients with septic shock . The effect of prostaglandins E1 and E2 on the 1 ng / ml lipopolysaccharide-induced expression of intercellular adhesion molecule ( ICAM ) -1 , B7 . 1 , B7 . 2 , CD40 and CD40 ligand ( CD40L ) on monocytes was examined . 
Prostaglandin E1 suppressed B7 . 1 and CD40 expression , but prostaglandin E2 did not effect on any type of adhesion molecule expression . 
Both prostaglandins inhibited tumor necrosis factor ( TNF ) -alpha production and T-cell proliferation of lipopolysaccharide-treated human peripheral blood mononuclear cells ( PBMC ) . 
Among prostaglandin E1 receptors ( IP / EP1 / EP2 / EP3 / EP4 ) agonists , ONO-1301 , a prostanoid IP-receptor agonist , prevented B7 . 1 and CD40 expression . 
ONO-AE1-259-01 a prostanoid EP2-receptor agonist , ONO-AE1-329 , a prostanoid EP4-receptor agonist , and ONO-1301 inhibited TNF-alpha production and T-cell proliferation . 
Moreover , anti-B7 . 1 and anti-CD40 Abs prevented lipopolysaccharide-induced TNF-alpha production and T-cell proliferation . 
Therefore , the effect of prostaglandin E1 on TNF-alpha production and T-cell proliferation might depend on the inhibition of B7 . 1 and CD40 expression , but that of prostaglandin E2 might be independent of adhesion molecules expression . 
In conclusion , the mechanism responsible for the effect of prostaglandin E1 on lipopolysaccharide-induced responses is distinct from that of prostaglandin E2 . Interferon beta and glatiramer acetate have been mainstays of treatment in relapsingremitting multiple sclerosis for two decades . 
Remarkable advances in our understanding of immune function and dysfunction as well as increasingly sophisticated clinical trial design have stemmed from efforts to better understand these drugs . 
In this chapter , we review the history of their development and elaborate on known and theorized mechanisms of action . 
We describe the pivotal clinical trials that have led to their widespread use . 
We evaluate the clinical use of the drugs including tolerability , side effects , and efficacy measures . 
Finally , we look to the future of interferon beta and glatiramer acetate in the context of an ever growing armamentarium of treatments for relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis . Smyrnium olusatrum , better known as Alexanders or wild celery , is a biennal herb used in cuisine for many centuries by Romans in many dishes , where it has now been replaced by celery . 
In order to provide additional evidences so that this forgotten vegetable can be reconsidered in the human diet , as well as in pharmaceutics , the essential oils obtained from different parts and its main isolated furanosesquiterpenes were in vitro biologically assayed for antiproliferative activity on human tumor cell lines by MTT assay , for antioxidant potential by DPPH , ABTS and FRAP assays , and for antimicrobial activity by the agar disc diffusion method . 
The essential oils showed cytotoxic effects on tested human tumor cell lines , related to the furanosesquiterpenoid content; the IC ( 50 ) values on colon carcinoma , glioblastoma , and breast adenocarcinoma cells were 8 . 51 , 13 . 35 , and 14 . 81 μg / ml , respectively . 
Isofuranodiene and 1β-acetoxyfuranoeudesm-4 ( 15 ) -ene resulted the most active constituents . 
The essential oils possessed also radical scavenging activity . Selective and potent adenosine A3 receptor antagonists by methoxyaryl substitution on the N- ( 2 , 6-diarylpyrimidin-4-yl ) acetamide scaffold . β-Eudesmol induces JNK-dependent apoptosis through the mitochondrial pathway in HL60 cells . Sulfamates and their therapeutic potential . Gene expression analysis by ESTs sequencing of the Brazilian frog Phyllomedusa nordestina skin glands . Assessment of emerging biomarkers of liver injury in human subjects . The expression of neuronal nitric oxide synthase ( nNOS ) in the superior colliculus ( SC ) of the opossum Didelphis marsupialis was studied by NADPH diaphorase ( NADPH-d ) histochemistry and nNOS immunohistochemistry . 
In addition , the activity of nNOS was quantified by measurement of [ ( 3 ) H ] -L-arginine conversion to [ ( 3 ) H ] -L-citrulline in tissue extracts from SC superficial layers in opossums and rats . 
Our results show that the number of NADPH-d stained cells was small and virtually identical in stratum opticum ( SO ) and stratum griseum superficiale ( SGS ) and their staining was very light , particularly in SGS . 
Neuropil staining was heavier in the stratum zonale ( SZ ) than in SGS or SO . 
The intermediate and deep layers contained heavily stained cells and moderate neuropil staining . 
Surprisingly , nNOS-immunoreactive cells were far more numerous than NADPH-d + cells in every layer . 
The production of [ ( 3 ) H ] -L-citrulline from [ ( 3 ) H ] -L-arginine in tissue extracts enriched in superficial layers indicated that nNOS specific activity is as high in the opossum as in the rat . 
Our results suggest that the location of nNOS-expressing neurons in retino-receptive layers may be related to inter-specific differences in the processing of visual information . Non-front-fanged colubroid snakes ( NFFC; formerly and artificially taxonomically assembled as "colubrids" ) comprise about 70% of extant snake species and include several taxa now known to cause lethal or life threatening envenoming in humans . 
Although the medical risks of bites by only a handful of species have been documented , a growing number of NFFC are implicated in medically significant bites . 
The majority of these snakes have oral products ( Duvernoy's secretions , or venoms ) with unknown biomedical properties and their potential for causing harm in humans is unknown . 
Increasingly , multiple NFFC species are entering the commercial snake trade posing an uncertain risk . 
Published case reports describing NFFC bites were assessed for evidence-based value , clinical detail and verified species identification . 
These data were subjected to meta-analysis and a hazard index was generated for select taxa . 
Cases on which we consulted or personally treated were included and subjected to the same assessment criteria . 
Cases involving approximately 120 species met the selection criteria , and a small subset designated Hazard Level 1 ( most hazardous ) , contained 5 species with lethal potential . 
Recommended management of these cases included antivenom for 3 species , Dispholidus typus , Rhabdophis tiginis , Rhabdophis subminiatus , whereas others in this subset without commercially available antivenoms ( Thelotornis spp . 
) were treated with plasma / erythrocyte replacement therapy and supportive care . 
Heparin , antifibrinolytics and / or plasmapheresis / exchange transfusion have been used in the management of some Hazard Level 1 envenomings , but evidence-based analysis positively contraindicates the use of any of these interventions . 
Hazard Level 2 / 3 species were involved in cases containing mixed quality data that implicated these taxa ( e . 
g . 
Boiga irregularis , Philodryas olfersii , Malpolon monspessulanus ) with bites that caused rare systemic effects . 
Recommended management may include use of acetylcholinesterase inhibitors ( e . 
g . 
neostigmine ) and wound care on a case-by-case basis . 
Hazard level 3 species comprised a larger group capable of producing significant local effects only , often associated with a protracted bite ( eg Heterodon nasicus , Borikenophis ( Alsophis ) portoricensis , Platyceps ( Coluber ) rhodorachis ) . 
Management is restricted to wound care . 
Bites by Hazard level 4 species comprised the majority of surveyed taxa and these showed only minor effects of no clinical importance . 
This study has produced a comprehensive evidence-based listing of NFFC snakes tabulated against medical significance of bites , together with best-practice management recommendations . 
This analysis assumes increasing importance , as there is growing exposure to lesser-known NFFC snakes , particularly in captive collections that may uncover further species of significance in the future . 
Careful and accurate documentation of bites by verified species of NFFC snakes is required to increase the evidence base and establish the best medical management approach for each species . Comparative effects of three different potent renin inhibitors in primates . INTRODUCTION : Accumulating evidence suggests that patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus ( T2DM ) and hyperinsulinemia are at increased risk for developing malignancies . 
It remains to be fully elucidated whether use of metformin , an insulin sensitizer , and / or sulfonylureas , insulin secretagogues , affect cancer incidence in subjects with T2DM . 
MATERIAL & METHODS : We performed a meta-analysis using PubMed , of randomized control trials ( RCTs ) , cohorts , and case-control studies published through July 2012 that assess effects of metformin and / or sulfonylurea sulfonylureas on cancer risk at any site , in subjects with T2DM . 
Fixed and random effects meta-analysis models were used , and the effect size was summarized as relative risk ( RR ) for RCTs / cohorts and as odds ratio ( OR ) for the case-control studies . 
RESULTS : Analysis of 24 metformin studies in subjects with T2DM showed that metformin use is associated with reduced risk for the development of cancer , in both cohort ( RR = 0 . 70 [ 95% CI = 0 . 67-0 . 73 ] ) and case-control studies ( OR = 0 . 90 [ 95% CI = 0 . 84-0 . 98 ] ) , but this finding was not supported by RCTs ( RR = 1 . 01 [ 95% CI = 0 . 81-1 . 26 ] ) . 
Data from 18 sulfonylurea studies in subjects with T2DM showed that sulfonylurea use is associated with an increase in all-cancer risk , in cohort studies ( RR = 1 . 55 [ 95% CI = 1 . 48 -1 . 63 ] ) , though data from RCTs ( RR = 1 . 17 [ 95% CI = 0 . 95-1 . 45 ] ) and case-control studies ( OR = 1 . 02 [ 95% CI = 0 . 93-1 . 13 ] ) failed to demonstrate a statistically significant effect . 
CONCLUSIONS : This analysis using pooled primary data demonstrates that metformin use reduces , while sulfonylurea use may be associated with an increased cancer risk in subjects with T2DM . 
These findings need to be confirmed in large-scale RCTs before they are translated into clinical practice . Inhibition of cardiac HERG currents by the DNA topoisomerase II inhibitor amsacrine : mode of action . Biotransformation of 2 , 2' , 4 , 4'-Tetrabromodiphenyl Ether ( BDE-47 ) by Human Liver Microsomes : Identification of Cytochrome P450 2B6 as the Major Enzyme Involved . Glutathione S-transferase M1 and multidrug resistance protein 1 act in synergy to protect melanoma cells from vincristine effects . Flibanserin has preferential affinity for serotonin 5-HT ( 1A ) , dopamine D ( 4k ) , and serotonin 5-HT ( 2A ) receptors . 
In vitro and in microiontophoresis , flibanserin behaves as a 5-HT ( 1A ) agonist , a very weak partial agonist on dopamine D ( 4 ) receptors , and a 5-HT ( 2A ) antagonist . 
In vivo flibanserin binds equally to 5-HT ( 1A ) and 5-HT ( 2A ) receptors . 
However , under higher levels of brain 5-HT ( i . 
e . 
, under stress ) , flibanserin may occupy 5-HT ( 2A ) receptors in higher proportion than 5-HT ( 1A ) receptors . 
The effects of flibanserin on adenylyl cyclase are different from those of buspirone and 8-OH-DPAT , two other purported 5-HT ( 1A ) receptor agonists . 
Flibanserin reduces neuronal firing rate in cells of the dorsal raphe , hippocampus , and cortex with the CA1 region being the most sensitive in the brain . 
Flibanserin-induced reduction in firing rate in the cortex seems to be mediated through stimulation of postsynaptic 5-HT ( 1A ) receptors , whereas the reduction of the number of active cells seems to be mediated through dopamine D ( 4 ) receptor stimulation . 
Flibanserin quickly desensitizes somatic 5-HT autoreceptors in the dorsal raphe and enhances tonic activation of postsynaptic 5-HT ( 1A ) receptors in the CA3 region . 
Flibanserin preferentially reduces synthesis and extracellular levels of 5-HT in the cortex , where it enhances extracellular levels of NE and DA . 
Flibanserin displays antidepressant-like activity in most animal models sensitive to antidepressants . 
Such activity , however , seems qualitatively different from that exerted by other antidepressants . 
Flibanserin seems to act via direct or indirect stimulation of 5-HT ( 1A ) , DA , and opioid receptors in those animal models . 
Flibanserin does not display consistent effects in animal models of anxiety and seems to exert potential antipsychotic effects . 
Flibanserin may induce some sedation but does not induce observable toxic effects at pharmacologically relevant doses . BACKGROUND : Recent epidemiologic and laboratory studies have suggested that non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( NSAIDs ) may reduce the risk of breast cancer through inhibition of cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) . 
METHODS : We conducted a case-control study to measure the association between selective cox-2 inhibitors , particularly celecoxib , rofecoxib , valdecoxib and non-specific NSAID subgroups , and breast cancer risk . 
Between 2003 and 2006 , a total of 18 , 368 incident breast cancer cases were identified in the Ingenix / Lab Rx insurance database , which contains clinical encounter and drug prescription data . 
Four controls per case were randomly selected , matched on age and time in database . 
Odds ratios ( OR ) and 95% confidence intervals ( CI ) were estimated using conditional logistic regression . 
RESULTS : Breast cancer risk was inversely associated with both non-specific NSAID and selective COX-2 inhibitor use . 
Greater than 12 months' duration of use of Celecoxib at a standard dose ( 200mg / day ) was associated with a 16% decrease in breast cancer risk ( OR = 0 . 84 , 95% CI = 0 . 73 , 0 . 97 ) . 
We observed the greatest risk reduction in association with >2 years of rofecoxib exposure ( OR = 0 . 54 , 95% CI = 0 . 37 , 0 . 80 ) . 
Acetaminophen , a compound with less biological plausibility for chemoprevention , showed no significant association with the risk of developing breast cancer . 
CONCLUSION : Consistent with animal models and laboratory investigations , higher doses of selective COX-2 inhibitors were more protective against breast cancer than non-specific NSAIDs . 
With exposure to rofecoxib , a selective COX-2 inhibitor , breast cancer risk reduction was appreciable ( 46% ) , suggesting a possible role for selective COX-2 inhibitors in breast cancer prophylaxis . Low-operating-voltage flexible organic thin-film transistors with high thermal stability using DPh-DNTT and SAM gate dielectrics are reported . 
The mobility of the transistors are decreased by 23% after heating to 250 °C for 30 min . 
Furthermore , flexible organic pseudo-CMOS inverter circuits , which are functional after heating to 200 °C . Adolescence methylphenidate treatment in a rodent model of attention deficit / hyperactivity disorder : Dopamine transporter function and cellular distribution in adulthood . GLP-1 receptor activated insulin secretion from pancreatic β-cells : mechanism and glucose dependence . Bimodal occurrence of aspartoacylase in myelin and cytosol of brain . Inborn errors in the metabolism of glutathione . RATIONALE : Growing evidence supports a role for the central histaminergic system to have a modulatory influence on drug addiction in general and alcohol-use disorders in particular through histamine H3 receptors ( H3R ) . 
OBJECTIVE : In the present study , the effects of systemic injection of the newly synthesized H3R antagonist ST1283 on ethanol ( EtOH ) voluntary intake and EtOH-conditioned reward in mice have been investigated . 
METHODS : Oral EtOH , saccharin , and quinine intake was assessed in a two-bottle choice paradigm using escalating concentrations of alcohol or tastant solutions . 
EtOH-induced place preference ( CPP ) , EtOH-induced locomotor activity , and blood ethanol concentration ( BEC ) were also measured . 
RESULTS : Following administration of the H3R antagonist ( 2 . 5 , 5 , and 10 mg / kg , i . 
p . 
) , there was a significant dose-dependent decrease in alcohol consumption and preference . 
Importantly , vehicle- and ST1283 ( 5 mg / kg ) -treated mice showed similar consumption and preference to increasing concentration of both sweet and bitter tastes . 
More interestingly , systemic administration of ST1283 inhibited EtOH-CPP and EtOH-enhanced locomotion . 
This inhibition was blocked when mice were pretreated with the selective H3R agonist R- ( alpha ) -methyl-histamine ( 10 mg / kg ) . 
Finally , vehicle- and ST1283-treated mice had similar BECs . 
CONCLUSION : Our results show that ST1283 may decrease voluntary EtOH consumption and EtOH-CPP by altering its reinforcing effects , suggesting a novel role for histamine signaling in regulation of alcoholism . 
Lastly , the results add to the growing literature on H3R modulation in the pharmacotherapy of EtOH addiction . In homogenates of the human iris , the nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug ( NSAID ) S ( + ) flurbiprofen has been reported to inhibit cyclooxygenase-1 ( COX-1 ) 70-fold more potently than in human whole blood . 
We hypothesized that this difference may be due to alternative splicing of COX-1 mRNA in the human iris or in whole blood . 
In this study , we have identified a similar COX-1 splice variant ( COX-1SV ) in both tissues with comparable COX-1 / COX-1SV expression ratios . 
Therefore , we conclude that the difference in IC ( 50 ) values of S ( + ) flurbiprofen towards COX-1 in the human iris and human whole blood is not related to differences in the occurrence of spliced COX-1 . Comparison of effects of 4-hydroxy tamoxifen and trilostane on oestrogen-regulated gene expression in MCF-7 cells : up-regulation of oestrogen receptor beta . Generation and analysis of constitutively active and physically destabilized mutants of the human beta ( 1 ) -adrenoceptor . Correlations between serotonin level and single-cell firing in the rat's nucleus raphe magnus . PURPOSE : Cellular retinaldehyde-binding protein ( CRALBP ) , transcribed from the RLBP1 gene , is a 36-kDa water-soluble protein with 316 amino acids found in the retinal pigment epithelium ( RPE ) and in retinal Muller cells . 
It is thought to play a critical role in the visual cycle by functioning as an acceptor of 11-cis-retinol from the isomerohydrolase reaction . 
The goal here was to evaluate the functional promoter of this gene . 
METHODS : 5' RACE analysis , promoter-reporter assays , and semiquantitative PCR with exon-specific primers were performed using human-derived RPE cells ( ARPE-19 and D407 ) in culture to evaluate the 5' sequence flanking the RLBP1 gene . 
In addition , the murine , bovine , and porcine RLBP1 genes were evaluated in silico to identify likely proximal promoter / exon 1 sequences similar to the human gene . 
RESULTS : 5' RACE analysis revealed the presence of a previously undescribed exon in the RLBP1 gene . 
This was confirmed by analysis of the GenBank Human EST database , which revealed the presence of 18 sequences matching exon 1 . 
Exon-specific PCR revealed that most CRALBP transcripts expressed in ARPE-19 cells contain both exon 1 and the final exon , suggesting that the primary promoter of CRALBP exists 5' of the newly identified exon 1 . 
Highly homologous sequences in the murine , bovine , and porcine genes were also identified . 
Finally , promoter-reporter constructs revealed a minimal sequence necessary for promoter function and indicated significantly greater promoter activity compared with previously described RLBP1 promoters . 
CONCLUSIONS : The findings presented here suggest that CRALBP transcripts in RPE cells contain a noncoding exon in addition to a newly described promoter and , by definition , an additional intron . 
This finding sets the stage for a mechanistic understanding of the high degree of cell type-specific expression of RLBP1 . Charge screening between anionic and cationic surfactants in ionic liquids . LDL Cholesterol Goals in High-Risk Patients : How Low Do We Go and How Do We Get Because of the difficulty in detecting segment-specific response in the kidney , we investigated the molecular events underlying acute kidney injury in the proximal tubules of rats with cisplatin ( cis-diamminedichloroplatinum II ) -induced nephrotoxicity . 
Microarray analysis revealed that mRNA levels of several cytokines and chemokines , such as interleukin-1beta , chemokine ( C-C motif ) ligand ( CCL ) 2 , CCL20 , chemokine ( C-X-C motif ) ligand ( CXCL ) 1 , and CXCL10 were significantly increased after cisplatin treatment in both isolated proximal tubules and whole kidney . 
Interestingly , tubular CCL2 mRNA levels increased soon after cisplatin administration , whereas CCL2 mRNA levels in whole kidney first decreased and then increased . 
Levels of both CCL2 and kidney injury molecule-1 ( KIM-1 ) in the whole kidney increased after cisplatin administration . 
Immunofluorescence analysis revealed CCL2 changes in the proximal tubular cells initially and then in the medullary interstitium . 
Urinary CCL2 excretion significantly increased approximately 3-fold compared with controls the day after cisplatin administration ( 5mg / kg ) , when no changes were observed plasma creatinine and blood urea nitrogen levels . 
Urinary levels of KIM-1 also increased 3-fold after cisplatin administration . 
In addition , urinary CCL2 rather than KIM-1 increased in chronic renal failure rats after administration of low-dose cisplatin ( 2mg / kg ) , suggesting that urinary CCL2 was selective for cisplatin-induced nephrotoxicity in renal impairment . 
These results indicated that the increase in cytokine and chemokine expression in renal epithelial cells might be responsible for kidney deterioration in cisplatin-induced nephrotoxicity , and that urinary CCL2 is associated with tubular injury and serves as a sensitive and noninvasive marker for the early detection of cisplatin-induced tubular injury . Lipoprotein ( a ) [ Lp ( a ) ] resembles low-density lipoprotein ( LDL ) , with an LDL lipid core and apolipoprotein B ( apoB ) , but contains a unique apolipoprotein , apo ( a ) . 
Elevated Lp ( a ) is an independent risk factor for coronary and peripheral vascular diseases . 
The size and concentration of plasma Lp ( a ) are related to the synthetic rate , not the catabolic rate , and are highly variable with small isoforms associated with high concentrations and pathogenic risk . 
Apo ( a ) is synthesized in the liver , although assembly of apo ( a ) and LDL may occur in the hepatocytes or plasma . 
While the uptake and clearance site of Lp ( a ) is poorly delineated , the kidney is the site of apo ( a ) fragment excretion . 
The structure of apo ( a ) has high homology to plasminogen , the zymogen for plasmin and the primary clot lysis enzyme . 
Apo ( a ) interferes with plasminogen binding to C-terminal lysines of cell surface and extracellular matrix proteins . 
Lp ( a ) and apo ( a ) inhibit fibrinolysis and accumulate in the vascular wall in atherosclerotic lesions . 
The pathogenic role of Lp ( a ) is not known . 
Small isoforms and high concentrations of Lp ( a ) are found in healthy octogenarians that suggest Lp ( a ) may also have a physiological role . 
Studies of Lp ( a ) function have been limited since it is not found in commonly studied small mammals . 
An important aspect of Lp ( a ) metabolism is the modification of circulating Lp ( a ) , which has the potential to alter the functions of Lp ( a ) . 
There are no therapeutic drugs that selectively target elevated Lp ( a ) , but a number of possible agents are being considered . 
Recently , new modifiers of apo ( a ) synthesis have been identified . 
This review reports the regulation of Lp ( a ) metabolism and potential sites for therapeutic targets . Renal cell carcinoma ( RCC ) is a highly vascular tumor in which a growing understanding of disease biology has been translated into clinically active systemic therapies . 
The most clinically developed targeted therapies in advanced RCC are those that target the vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) ligand or receptor ( VEGFR ) and therapy directed against the mammalian target of rapamycin ( mTOR ) . 
Sutent and sorafenib are orally available inhibitors of the VEGFR and platelet derived growth factor receptor ( PDGFR ) . 
Temsirolimus is an mTOR inhibitor that leads to G1 cell cycle arrest and may affect VEGF production . 
This article briefly describes the biological pathways involved in the development of RCC and the results of clinical trials using targeted therapy in metastatic RCC . Nanosilver effects on growth parameters in experimental aflatoxicosis in broiler chickens . Neuronal expression of glucosylceramide synthase in central nervous system regulates body weight and energy homeostasis . Elevated extracellular D-glucose increases transforming growth factor beta1 ( TGF-beta1 ) release from human umbilical vein endothelium ( HUVEC ) . 
TGF-beta1 , via TGF-beta receptors I ( TbetaRI ) and TbetaRII , activates Smad2 and mitogen-activated protein kinases p44 and p42 ( p42 / 44 ( mapk ) ) . 
We studied whether D-glucose-stimulation of L-arginine transport and nitric oxide synthesis involves TGF-beta1 in primary cultures of HUVEC . 
TGF-beta1 release was higher ( approximately 1 . 6-fold ) in 25 mM ( high ) compared with 5 mM ( normal ) D-glucose . 
TGF-beta1 increases L-arginine transport ( half maximal effect approximately 1 . 6 ng / ml ) in normal D-glucose , but did not alter high D-glucose-increased L-arginine transport . 
TGF-beta1 and high D-glucose increased hCAT-1 mRNA expression ( approximately 8-fold ) and maximal transport velocity ( V ( max ) ) , L- [ ( 3 ) H ] citrulline formation from L- [ ( 3 ) H ] arginine ( index of NO synthesis ) and endothelial NO synthase ( eNOS ) protein abundance , but did not alter eNOS phosphorylation . 
TGF-beta1 and high D-glucose increased p42 / 44 ( mapk ) and Smad2 phosphorylation , an effect blocked by PD-98059 ( MEK1 / 2 inhibitor ) . 
However , TGF-beta1 and high D-glucose were ineffective in cells expressing a truncated , negative dominant TbetaRII . 
High D-glucose increases L-arginine transport and eNOS expression following TbetaRII activation by TGF-beta1 involving p42 / 44 ( mapk ) and Smad2 in HUVEC . 
Thus , TGF-beta1 could play a crucial role under conditions of hyperglycemia , such as gestational diabetes mellitus , which is associated with fetal endothelial dysfunction . Mechanism-based modulator discovery for sirtuin-catalyzed deacetylation reaction . BACKGROUND & AIMS : Sensitization of Kupffer cells ( KCs ) to lipopolysaccharide ( LPS ) and overproduction of tumor necrosis factor ( TNF ) alpha are critical for progression of alcoholic liver injury . 
Thalidomide has been shown to suppress TNF-alpha production from macrophages . 
Accordingly , the purpose of this study was to determine whether thalidomide could prevent alcohol-induced liver injury . 
METHODS : Rats were given ethanol ( 5 g / kg body wt ) and thalidomide ( 5 mg / kg ) once every 24 hours intragastrically . 
To assess the sensitization of Kupffer cells , LPS ( 5 mg / kg intravenously ) was administered and liver histology was evaluated 24 hours later . 
KCs were isolated after 4 weeks of ethanol treatment and intracellular Ca2 + ( [ Ca2 + ] i ) was measured using fura-2 , whereas TNF-alpha was evaluated by reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay . 
CD14 was determined by Western and fluorescence staining . 
RESULTS : Treatment with ethanol for 8 weeks caused marked steatosis , necrosis , and inflammation in the liver . 
These pathologic parameters were diminished markedly by treatment with thalidomide . 
In the 4-week ethanol group , the LPS-induced liver damage was aggravated and KCs were sensitized to LPS . 
Coadministration of thalidomide with ethanol prevented the KC sensitization completely . 
Furthermore , thalidomide abolished the LPS-induced increase in CD14 expression and [ Ca2 + ] i elevation in KCs . 
Gut permeability was increased about 10-fold after 4 weeks of ethanol exposure , which was not affected by thalidomide . 
Moreover , thalidomide reduced the LPS-induced TNF-alpha production by KCs by decreasing TNF-alpha messenger RNA . 
CONCLUSIONS : These results collectively indicate that thalidomide prevents alcoholic liver injury through suppression of TNF-alpha production and abolishment of KC sensitization . Three new cholinesterase inhibitors , donepezil , rivastigmine , and galantamine , all inhibit the enzyme AChE . 
Rivastigmine also inhibits BuChE , which could lead to additional benefits in late-stage Alzheimer's disease , but also cause more GI side effects at initiation of therapy . 
Galantamine is also an allosteric modulator of nicotinic receptors , which could lead to additional efficacy for attention and for behaviors mediated by neurotransmitters other than ACh . 
We are now entering an exciting era where the options for treating the devastating illness Alzheimer's disease are multiplying and creating a foundation upon which new therapies with new mechanisms of action can be built . Matrix Isolation Spectroscopy and Nuclear Spin Conversion of NH3 and ND3 in Solid Parahydrogen . Predicting late phase outcomes from early-phase findings can help inform decisions in drug development . 
If the measurements in early-phase differ from those in late phase , forecasting is more challenging . 
In this paper , we present a model-based approach for predicting glycosylated hemoglobin ( HbA1c ) in late phase using glucose and insulin concentrations from an early-phase study , investigating an anti-diabetic treatment . 
Two previously published models were used; an integrated glucose and insulin ( IGI ) model for meal tolerance tests and an integrated glucose-red blood cell-HbA1c ( IGRH ) model predicting the formation of HbA1c from the average glucose concentration ( Cg , av ) . 
Output from the IGI model was used as input to the IGRH model . 
Parameters of the IGI model and drug effects were estimated using data from a phase1 study in 59 diabetic patients receiving various doses of a glucokinase activator . 
Cg , av values were simulated according to a Phase 2 study design and used in the IGRH model for predictions of HbA1c . 
The performance of the model-based approach was assessed by comparing the predicted to the actual outcome of the Phase 2 study . 
We have shown that this approach well predicts the longitudinal HbA1c response in a 12-week study using only information from a 1-week study where glucose and insulin concentrations were measured . Immunotherapy blocking the tissue plasminogen activator-dependent activation of N-methyl-d-aspartate glutamate receptors improves hemorrhagic stroke outcome . Tardive dyskinesia develops as a common complication of long-term neuroleptic use . 
The emergence of such dyskinesias may reflect a shift in the balance of dopamine D ( 1 ) and D ( 2 ) receptor-mediated activity , with a relative increase in activity in the D ( 1 ) receptor-regulated direct striatonigral pathway . 
In rats , chronic treatment with the antipsychotic fluphenazine triggers a syndrome of vacuous chewing movements , which are attenuated by dopamine D ( 1 ) receptor antagonists . 
A similar syndrome can be seen in drug-naive animals following acute administration of selective dopamine D ( 1 ) receptor agonists . 
However , not all dopamine D ( 1 ) receptor agonists elicit these mouth movements . 
Thus , some investigators have suggested the existence of novel subtypes of the dopamine D ( 1 ) receptor . 
In these studies , we sought to clarify the role of the dopamine D ( 1A ) receptor in vacuous chewing movements induced both by the selective dopamine D ( 1 ) receptor agonist SKF 38393 , as well as by chronic neuroleptic administration , using in vivo oligonucleotide antisense to dopamine D ( 1A ) receptor messenger RNA . 
Intrastriatal antisense treatment significantly and selectively attenuated striatal dopamine D ( 1 ) receptor binding , accompanied by reductions in SKF 38393- and chronic fluphenazine-induced vacuous chewing movements . 
These findings suggest that the dopamine D ( 1A ) receptor plays an important role in the expression of vacuous chewing movements in a rodent model of tardive dyskinesia and may contribute to the pathogenesis of the human disorder . 
This may have important implications for the treatment of tardive dyskinesia in humans . Substituted imidazopyridazines are potent and selective inhibitors of Plasmodium falciparum calcium-dependent protein kinase 1 ( PfCDPK1 ) . Modulation of activity and inhibitor sensitivity of rabbit aldose reductase-like protein ( AKR1B19 ) by oxidized glutathione and SH-reagents . Obesity drugs in clinical development . Effect of a pharmacological activation of PPAR on the expression of RAR and TR in rat liver . Indirect systemic and direct oral factor Xa and direct oral factor IIa inhibitors with improved pharmacologic profiles compared with heparins and vitamin K antagonists are currently in clinical development . 
This overview focuses on the indirect antithrombin dependent pentasaccharide derivatives of idraparinux and on the most advanced oral direct inhibitors to factor Xa ( rivaroxaban and apixaban ) and IIa ( dabigatran ) . 
Specifically , the results of dose-finding studies for the prevention of venous thromboembolism after elective orthopedic surgery , the results of dose-finding studies for treatment of acute venous thromboembolism including prolonged prophylaxis of recurrent events , and the designs of ongoing clinical trials are reviewed . Previous reports have identified a role for the tyrosine kinase receptor EphB4 and its ligand , ephrinB2 , as potential mediators of both bone formation by osteoblasts and bone resorption by osteoclasts . 
In the present study , we examined the role of EphB4 during bone repair after traumatic injury . 
We performed femoral fractures with internal fixation in transgenic mice that overexpress EphB4 under the collagen type 1 promoter ( Col1-EphB4 ) and investigated the bone repair process up to 12 weeks postfracture . 
The data indicated that Col1-EphB4 mice exhibited stiffer and stronger bones after fracture compared with wild-type mice . 
The fractured bones of Col1-EphB4 transgenic mice displayed significantly greater tissue and bone volume 2 weeks postfracture compared with that of wild-type mice . 
These findings correlated with increased chondrogenesis and mineral formation within the callus site at 2 weeks postfracture , as demonstrated by increased safranin O and von Kossa staining , respectively . 
Interestingly , Col1-EphB4 mice were found to possess significantly greater numbers of clonogenic mesenchymal stromal progenitor cells ( CFU-F ) , with an increased capacity to form mineralized nodules in vitro under osteogenic conditions , when compared with those of the wild-type control mice . 
Furthermore , Col1-EphB4 mice had significantly lower numbers of TRAP-positive multinucleated osteoclasts within the callus site . 
Taken together , these observations suggest that EphB4 promotes endochondral ossification while inhibiting osteoclast development during callus formation and may represent a novel drug target for the repair of fractured bones . Toll-like receptor 2 mediates peripheral nerve injury-induced NADPH oxidase 2 expression in spinal cord microglia . Genetics of serotonin receptors and depression : state of the art . Understanding the cellular entry pathways of synthetic biomaterials is highly important to improve overall labeling and delivery efficiency . 
Herein , cellular entry mechanisms of conjugated polymer nanoparticles ( CPNs ) are presented . 
CPNs are intrinsic fluorescent materials used for various biological applications . 
While CPNs cause no toxicity , decreased CPN uptake is observed from cancer cells pretreated with genistein , which is an inhibitor of caveolae-mediated endocytosis ( CvME ) . 
CvME is further confirmed by high co-localization with caveolin-1 proteins found in the caveolae and caveosomes . 
Excellent photophysical properties , non-toxicity , and non-destructive delivery pathways support that CPNs are promising multifunctional carriers minimizing degradation of contents during delivery . Multiple affinity states of opiate receptor in neuroblastoma x glioma NG108-15 hybrid cells . 
Opiate agonist association rate is a function of receptor occupancy . A naloxone-steroid hybrid azine with selective and long-acting opioid antagonism at delta receptors in vitro . In this study , the activity of the delta-opioid receptor subtype-selective agonist , SB 227122 , was investigated in a guinea pig model of citric acid-induced cough . 
Parenteral administration of selective agonists of the delta-opioid receptor ( SB 227122 ) , mu-opioid receptor ( codeine and hydrocodone ) , and kappa-opioid receptor ( BRL 52974 ) produced dose-related inhibition of citric acid-induced cough with ED ( 50 ) values of 7 . 3 , 5 . 2 , 5 . 1 , and 5 . 3 mg / kg , respectively . 
The nonselective opioid receptor antagonist , naloxone ( 3 mg / kg , i . 
m . 
) , attenuated the antitussive effects of codeine or SB 227122 , indicating that the antitussive activity of both compounds is opioid receptor-mediated . 
The delta-receptor antagonist , SB 244525 ( 10 mg / kg , i . 
p . 
) , inhibited the antitussive effect of SB 227122 ( 20 mg / kg , i . 
p . 
) . 
In contrast , combined pretreatment with beta-funaltrexamine ( mu-receptor antagonist; 20 mg / kg , s . 
c . 
) and norbinaltorphimine ( kappa-receptor antagonist; 20 mg / kg , s . 
c . 
) , at doses that inhibited the antitussive activity of mu- and kappa-receptor agonists , respectively , was without effect on the antitussive response of SB 227122 ( 20 mg / kg , i . 
p . 
) . 
The sigma-receptor antagonist rimcazole ( 3 mg / kg , i . 
p . 
) inhibited the antitussive effect of dextromethorphan ( 30 mg / kg , i . 
p . 
) , a sigma-receptor agonist , but not that of SB 227122 . 
These studies provide compelling evidence that the antitussive effects of SB 227122 in this guinea pig cough model are mediated by agonist activity at the delta-opioid receptor . Procainamide is a specific inhibitor of DNA methyltransferase 1 . Trace amine-associated receptor 1 ( TAAR1 ) is a G protein-coupled receptor that directly responds to endogenous monoamines as well as amphetamine-related psychostimulants , including methamphetamine . 
In the present study , we demonstrate TAAR1 mRNA and protein expression in rhesus monkey brain regions associated with monoaminergic systems , variable cellular distribution of TAAR1 in rhesus monkey brain , and TAAR1 coexpression with the dopamine transporter ( DAT ) in a subset of dopamine neurons in both rhesus monkey and mouse substantia nigra . 
On this basis , we evaluated rhesus monkey TAAR1 activation by different compounds and its functional relation with monoamine transporters and the dopamine D2 receptor ( D2 ) short isoform ( D2s ) autoreceptor in vitro using a cAMP response element-luciferase assay . 
TAAR1 activation by monoamines and amphetamine-related compounds was greatly enhanced by coexpression of dopamine , norepinephrine , or serotonin transporters , and the activation enhancement was blocked by monoamine transporter inhibitors . 
This enhancement did not occur in control experiments in which the dopamine D1 receptor ( D1 ) was substituted for TAAR1 . 
Furthermore , activation of TAAR1 by dopamine was completely inhibited by D2s when coexpressed with TAAR1 , and this inhibition was blocked by the D2 antagonist raclopride . 
Last , dopamine activation of TAAR1 could induce c-FOS-luciferase expression but only in the presence of DAT , whereas dopamine activation of D1 resulted in equivalent c-FOS expression in the presence or absence of DAT . 
Together , these data reveal a broad agonist spectrum for TAAR1 , a functional relation of TAAR1 with monoamine transporters and D2s , and a mechanism by which D2 receptor drugs can influence brain monoaminergic function and have efficacy through affecting TAAR1 signaling . Manganese exposure induces α-synuclein aggregation in the frontal cortex of non-human primates . A comparison of the effects of nabumetone vs meloxicam on serum thromboxane B2 and platelet function in healthy volunteers . Enhancement of hepatic 4-hydroxylation of 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 through CYP3A4 induction in vitro and in vivo : Implications for drug-induced osteomalacia . The thioredoxin reductase / thioredoxin system ( TrxR / Trx1 ) plays a major role in protecting cells from oxidative stress . 
Disruption of the TrxR-Trx1 system keeps Trx1 in the oxidized state leading to cell death through activation of the ASK1-Trx1 apoptotic pathway . 
The potential mechanism and ability of tri- and tetra-oligopeptides derived from the canonical -CxxC- motif of the Trx1-active site to mimic and enhance Trx1 cellular activity was examined . 
The Trx mimetics peptides ( TXM ) protected insulinoma INS 832 / 13 cells from oxidative stress induced by selectively inhibiting TrxR with auranofin ( AuF ) . 
TXM reversed the AuF-effects preventing apoptosis , and increasing cell-viability . 
The TXM peptides were effective in inhibiting AuF-induced MAPK , JNK and p38 ( MAPK ) phosphorylation , in correlation with preventing caspase-3 cleavage and thereby PARP-1 dissociation . 
The ability to form a disulfide-bridge-like conformation was estimated from molecular dynamics simulations . 
The TXM peptides restored insulin secretion and displayed Trx1 denitrosylase activity . 
Their potency was 10-100-fold higher than redox reagents like NAC , AD4 , or ascorbic acid . 
Unable to reverse ERK1 / 2 phosphorylation , TXM-CB3 ( NAc-Cys-Pro-Cys amide ) appeared to function in part , through inhibiting ASK1-Trx dissociation . 
These highly effective anti-apoptotic effects of Trx1 mimetic peptides exhibited in INS 832 / 13 cells could become valuable in treating adverse oxidative-stress related disorders such as diabetes . Yes and Lyn play a role in nuclear translocation of the epidermal growth factor receptor . Serotonin transporter function in vivo : assessment by chronoamperometry . Identification of a novel system L amino acid transporter structurally distinct from heterodimeric amino acid transporters . TSH and insulin / IGF-I synergistically induce the proliferation of thyroid cells mainly through the cAMP and phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase ( PI3K ) pathways . 
However , the events involved in this cooperative induction remain unknown , and molecules that are potentially controlled by both TSH and IGF-I are interesting candidates as integrators of both stimuli . 
The finding that the PI3K pathway is frequently activated in thyroid malignancies has attracted attention to this pathway in the thyroid field . 
One of the targets of PI3K is Forkhead box O ( FoxO ) -1 , a widely expressed transcription factor involved in a variety of cellular processes such as differentiation , proliferation , and apoptosis . 
Here we show that FoxO1 is highly expressed in differentiated rat thyroid cells and human thyroid tissue compared with human thyroid tumor-derived cells and surgically removed thyroid tumors , in which its expression is reduced . 
In differentiated cells , TSH / cAMP treatment decreases FoxO1 mRNA and protein levels through proteasome activation , whereas both TSH and IGF-I control FoxO1 localization by promoting a rapid exclusion from the nucleus in an Akt-dependent manner . 
FoxO1 can control p27 ( KIP1 ) expression in differentiated and tumor cells of the thyroid . 
Furthermore , FoxO1 reexpression in tumor cells promotes a decrease in their proliferation rate , whereas FoxO1 interference in differentiated cells increases their proliferation . 
These data point to an important role of FoxO1 in mediating the effects of TSH and IGF-I on thyroid cell proliferation and provide a link between loss of FoxO1 expression and the uncontrolled proliferation of thyroid tumor cells . Using the alpha 1-adrenoceptor subtype-selective antagonists chlorethylclonidine ( CEC ) , WB4101 , and 5-methyl-urapidil , we have examined the possible heterogeneity in the alpha 1-adrenoceptor populations in rabbit aorta . 
The alpha 1-adrenoceptor alkylating agent CEC selectively inhibited the phasic component of the norepinephrine-induced contractile response , with little effect on the tonic component . 
The alpha 1-adrenoceptor occupancy-response relationship defined by the phenoxybenzamine inactivation method was rectangular hyperbolic for the tonic response , whereas that for the phasic response was linear , indicating the different degree of receptor reserve for the two responses . 
Radioligand binding studies with the nonselective alpha 1-adrenoceptor antagonist radioligand 125I-BE2254 showed that 73-87% of the binding sites in rabbit aorta are CEC sensitive and they are predominantly low affinity sites both for WB4101 ( pKd = 8 . 1 ) and for 5-methylurapidil ( pKd = 7 . 1 ) . 
Moreover , alpha 1-adrenoceptor-mediated phosphatidylinositol ( PI ) hydrolysis was CEC sensitive , and fractional inactivation of alpha 1 receptors with CEC showed equivalent increments in the reduction of PI hydrolysis and phasic contractile response , suggesting that both responses are linearly related to the CEC-sensitive receptor sites . 
The Schild plots for the competitive antagonists WB4101 and 5-methyl-urapidil against alpha 1a-adrenoceptor-selective agonist methoxamine-induced contraction were linear and had slopes not significantly different from unity , with a pA2 of 9 . 07 + / - 0 . 07 ( n = 5 ) for WB4101 and 9 . 09 + / - 0 . 05 ( n = 3 ) for 5-methyl-urapidil . 
However , the Schilod plots for these antagonists against norepinephrine were curvilinear . 
Computer-assisted analysis of these curvilinear Schild plots in a two-receptor system indicated that alpha 1-adrenoceptor populations responsible for the constrictive response are predominantly ( approximately 80-90% ) low affinity sites for the two antagonists ( pKd approximately 8 . 1 for WB4101 and pKd approximately 7 . 1 for 5-methyl-urapidil ) and a small population ( approximately 10-20% ) are high affinity sites ( pKd approximately 9 . 1 for both WB4101 and 5-methyl-urapidil ) , which was in good agreement with radioligand binding studies . 
( ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS ) Nrf2-activators Attenuate the Progression of Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis-Related Fibrosis in a Dietary Rat Model . Polymorphism of the beta-2 adrenoceptor and IOP lowering potency of topical timolol in healthy subjects . HRG1 is essential for heme transport from the phagolysosome of macrophages during erythrophagocytosis . An in Vivo Tagging Method Reveals that Ras Undergoes Sustained Activation upon Transglutaminase-Mediated Protein Serotonylation . Anti-diabetic and anti-lipidemic effects of chlorogenic acid are mediated by ampk activation . Humans are commonly exposed to nicotine , one of the most important lifestyle chemicals . 
The occurrence of high levels of arsenic in the groundwater of the southeast region of Asia has received much attention in the past decade and has become a global health concern . 
Predominant occurrence of both these chemicals and ease of their human exposure led us to investigate the effect of nicotine , a major tobacco alkaloid , on arsenic toxicity . 
Adult male rats were pre-exposed to two different doses of nicotine ( 0 . 75 and 3 mg / kg , intraperitoneally ) for 7 days followed by 30 days of arsenic exposure ( 50 ppm sodium arsenite in drinking water ) . 
Nicotine pre-exposure resulted in an increased brain arsenic accumulation and a decreased liver arsenic concentration . 
Arsenic also caused a significant oxidative stress in the blood , brain and liver of the exposed rats . 
Glutathione-S-transferase , a phase II enzyme , was inhibited by both arsenic and nicotine but no such inhibition was noted in arsenic-treated animals pre-exposed to nicotine . 
Upon nicotine pre-exposure , brain acetylcholinesterase increased , while monoamine oxidase ( MAO ) decreased . 
The toxic effects of MAO significantly attenuated with nicotine pre-exposure . 
The present study suggests that nicotine may not be the major contributing factor for the previously reported synergistic toxic interaction between tobacco and arsenic . 
Nicotine pre-exposure in arsenic-exposed animals revealed interesting toxicokinetics and oxidative stress modulating interactions in the brain and liver of rats , which requires further exploration . Interspecies differences in drug metabolism have made it difficult to use preclinical animal testing data to predict the drug metabolites or potential drug-drug interactions ( DDIs ) that will occur in humans . 
Although chimeric mice with humanized livers can produce known human metabolites for test substrates , we do not know whether chimeric mice can be used to prospectively predict human drug metabolism or a possible DDI . 
Therefore , we investigated whether they could provide a more predictive assessment for clemizole , a drug in clinical development for the treatment of hepatitis C virus ( HCV ) infection . 
Our results demonstrate , for the first time , that analyses performed in chimeric mice can correctly identify the predominant human drug metabolite before human testing . 
The differences in the rodent and human pathways for clemizole metabolism were of importance , because the predominant human metabolite was found to have synergistic anti-HCV activity . 
Moreover , studies in chimeric mice also correctly predicted that a DDI would occur in humans when clemizole was coadministered with a CYP3A4 inhibitor . 
These results demonstrate that using chimeric mice can improve the quality of preclinical drug assessment . Aconitum alkaloids including aconitine ( AC ) , mesaconitine ( MA ) , hypaconitine ( HA ) , are highly toxic . 
Their hydrolysates , such as benzoylaconine ( BAC ) , benzoylmesaconine ( BMA ) , benzoylhypaconine ( BHA ) , aconine , and mesaconine , are considerably less toxic . 
Efflux transporters , including P-glycoprotein ( P-gp ) , breast cancer resistance protein ( BCRP ) , and multidrug resistance-associated protein isoform 2 ( MRP2 ) , act as a first line of defence and play key roles in toxicity prevention . 
The aim of the present study was to determine the role of efflux transporters in the transport of Aconitum alkaloids using cultured Caco-2 , MDR1-MDCKII and BCRP-MDCKII cells . 
Bidirectional transport assays of the Aconitum alkaloids were performed with or without P-gp ( cyclosporine A and verapamil ) , BCRP ( Ko143 ) and MRP2 ( MK571 ) inhibitors . 
The efflux ratios ( Er ) of AC , MA , and HA in Caco-2 cells were 34 . 6±4 . 2 , 29 . 7±2 . 1 , and 15 . 6±2 . 1 , respectively; those of BAC , BMA , and BHA were approximately 4 , and those of aconine and mesaconine were equal to 1 . 
The Er values of AC , MA , and HA in MDR1-MDCKII and BCRP-MDCKII cells were significantly higher than those in parental MDCKII cells . 
Taken together the results of Er values and intracellular amounts in the presence of inhibitors , P-gp and BCRP were involved in the transport of AC , MA and HA; and MRP2 might transport AC , MA , HA , BAC , BMA and BHA . Biosynthesis of highly enriched ( 13 ) C-lycopene for human metabolic studies using repeated batch tomato cell culturing with ( 13 ) C-glucose . In vitro simulation of therapeutic plasmatic fibrinolysis . Estrogens , and particularly glucuronides such as ethinylestradiol ( EE ) , have been shown to cause cholestasis in animal studies , by reducing bile acid uptake by hepatocytes . 
The aim of the present article was to investigate anticholestatic activity of resveratrol ( RES ) against liver cholestasis induced by EE in adult female rats . 
The daily oral administration of the RES at a concentration of 25 mg / kg body weight for 15 days to rats treated with EE ( 100 μg / kg body weight for 5 days ) resulted in a significant protection against EE-induced decrease in both serum cholesterol and bile acid levels as well as against an increase of serum bilirubin concentration . 
The treatment also resulted in a significant increase in hepatic superoxide dismutase , glutathione peroxidase , glutathione reductase , and catalase activities as well as hepatic protein-bound and nonprotein sulfhydryl groups . 
RES inhibited serum alkaline phosphatase , alanine aminotransferase , pi-glutathione-S-transferase , gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase , and alpha-glutathione-S-transferase activities , as well as reduced serum tumor necrosis factor-alpha , nitric oxide , and hepatic malondialdehyde as compared to EE-treated rats . 
The results clearly suggest that RES has a powerful prophylactic action in cholestasis induced by EE . 
Taken together , RES has potential as a preventive and therapeutic agent for cholestasis and deserves clinical trial in the near future as an adjuvant therapy in women treated with estrogen . Arylpiperazine-mediated activation of Akt protects SH-SY5Y neuroblastoma cells from 6-hydroxydopamine-induced apoptotic and autophagic death . Marine neurotoxins are natural products produced by phytoplankton and select species of invertebrates and fish . 
These compounds interact with voltage-gated sodium , potassium and calcium channels and modulate the flux of these ions into various cell types . 
This review provides a summary of marine neurotoxins , including their structures , molecular targets and pharmacologies . 
Saxitoxin and its derivatives , collectively referred to as paralytic shellfish toxins ( PSTs ) , are unique among neurotoxins in that they are found in both marine and freshwater environments by organisms inhabiting two kingdoms of life . 
Prokaryotic cyanobacteria are responsible for PST production in freshwater systems , while eukaryotic dinoflagellates are the main producers in marine waters . 
Bioaccumulation by filter-feeding bivalves and fish and subsequent transfer through the food web results in the potentially fatal human illnesses , paralytic shellfish poisoning and saxitoxin pufferfish poisoning . 
These illnesses are a result of saxitoxin's ability to bind to the voltage-gated sodium channel , blocking the passage of nerve impulses and leading to death via respiratory paralysis . 
Recent advances in saxitoxin research are discussed , including the molecular biology of toxin synthesis , new protein targets , association with metal-binding motifs and methods of detection . 
The eco-evolutionary role ( s ) PSTs may serve for phytoplankton species that produce them are also discussed . Disruption of prepulse inhibition ( PPI ) of acoustic startle in rats has been widely used as an animal model for the sensorimotor gating deficit state usually found in schizophrenia . 
PPI was reported to be regulated by forebrain circuits , including mesolimbic cortex , nucleus accumbens , ventral pallidum , thalamus , and pedunculopontine tegmentum nucleus . 
Phencyclidine or dopamine agonists , which causes psychotomimetic symptoms in humans , disrupts PPI in animals . 
The ED50 value of the drugs to reverse the phencyclidine-induced PPI disruption was significantly correlated with the affinity for the serotonin 2A receptor , but not for the dopamine D2 receptor of each drug ( including atypical antipsychotics ) . 
In contrast , the ED50 value of the drugs to reverse the apomorphine-induced PPI disruption was significantly correlated with the affinity for the dopamine D2 receptor ( including typical antipsychotics ) . 
Thus the drug that antagonizes the disruption of PPI caused by PCP or DA agonists would be a candidate for a therapeutic agent for the sensorimotor gating deficit state in schizophrenic patients . 
Neural mechanisms underlying the disruption of PPI were reviewed . This study was designed to assess in normal volunteers the potency , efficacy , and tolerability of the new nonpeptidic , orally active , angiotensin ( Ang ) II subtype 1 ( AT1 ) -receptor antagonist SC-52458 . 
After a randomized , single-blind , placebo-controlled protocol , two groups of eight healthy men ingested placebo or increasing single oral doses ( 10 , 25 , and 50 mg or 100 , 150 , and 200 mg ) of SC-52458 . 
Finger blood pressure ( BP ) was continuously monitored ( Finapres ) , and BP response to repeated intravenous challenges with Ang II was compared with baseline BP response to the same dose of Ang II . 
Up to 24 h after drug intake , effects on plasma renin activity ( PRA ) , Ang II , and aldosterone and pharmacokinetics were estimated . 
One , 4 , and 10 h after the 200-mg dose , diastolic BP response to Ang II challenges was decreased from 30 . 3 to 2 . 6 mm Hg ( mean + / - SEM; n = 8; i . 
e . 
, to 8 . 3 + / - 1 . 1% of baseline response ) , 10 . 1 mm Hg ( 35 . 4 + / - 1 . 8% ) , and 17 . 5 mm Hg ( 58 . 7 + / - 1 . 8% ) , respectively . 
SC-52458 produced dose-related increases in PRA and Ang II concentrations < or = 10 h after drug intake . 
Plasma aldosterone concentrations tended to be decreased for < or = 24 h after SC-52458 doses of > or = 100 mg . 
No drug-related side effects were observed . 
The pharmacokinetics were linear over the dose range of 10-150 mg ( t1 / 2 = 1 . 14-2 . 39 h ) . 
Efficacy was dose dependent , with a peak effect after 1 h . 
In conclusion , the novel AT1-receptor antagonist SC-52458 is well tolerated and orally active . 
It produces a rapid-onset inhibition of the renin-angiotensin system and reduces BP response to Ang II for > or = 10 h . 
These characteristics promise strong antihypertensive properties for SC-52458 . NMDA Receptor Activation Down-Regulates Expression of δ Subunit-Containing GABA-A Receptors in Cultured Hippocampal Neurons . Sphingosine 1-phosphate receptor 1 ( S1P ( 1 ) ) is a G protein-coupled receptor that is critical for proper lymphocyte development and recirculation . 
Agonists to S1P ( 1 ) are currently in use clinically for the treatment of multiple sclerosis , and these drugs may act on both S1P ( 1 ) expressed on lymphocytes and S1P ( 1 ) expressed within the central nervous system . 
Agonists to S1P ( 1 ) and deficiency in S1P ( 1 ) both cause lymphocyte sequestration in the lymph nodes . 
In the present study , we show that S1P ( 1 ) antagonism induces lymphocyte sequestration in the lymph nodes similar to that observed with S1P ( 1 ) agonists while upregulating S1P ( 1 ) on lymphocytes and endothelial cells . 
Additionally , we show that S1P ( 1 ) antagonism reverses experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis in mice without acting on S1P ( 1 ) expressed within the central nervous system , demonstrating that lymphocyte sequestration via S1P ( 1 ) antagonism is sufficient to alleviate autoimmune pathology . Mycophenolate mofetil ( MMF ) is an immunosuppressant used for the prophylaxis of rejection in renal , pancreas , and liver transplantation . 
It inhibits the inducible isoform of the enzyme inosine-monophosphate dehydrogenase ( IMPDH II ) via its active metabolite mycophenolic acid ( MPA ) . 
IMPDH II is necessary for de novo purine synthesis in activated lymphocytes . 
The aims of the present study were to evaluate the feasibility of a real-time polymerase chain reaction ( PCR ) quantitative assessment of IMPDH II gene expression in liver transplant recipients as well as to provide a preliminary evaluation of possible correlations with drug tolerability . 
RNA was extracted from peripheral blood mononuclear cells of liver recipients after at least 6 months of MMF administration . 
IMPDH II gene expression was assessed using quantitative , real-time PCR and normalized using glyceraldheyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase ( GAPDH ) . 
Finally , adverse events associated with MMF administration were recorded . 
Real-time PCR quantitation of IMPDH II gene expression was reliable , sensitive , and specific . 
The intrapatient variability for both IMPDH II and GAPDH assays was lower than 0 . 6% in all patients . 
The results demonstrated a wide interpatient variability , with the mean value + / - standard deviation of 0 . 949 + / - 0 . 525 ( 95% confidence interval , 0 . 669-1 . 229 ) and a median value of 0 . 797 . 
Patients with treatment-related toxicities displayed a trend to a higher level of IMPDH II expression than those without toxicity ( mean , 1 . 126 vs 0 . 771 ) . 
In conclusion , pharmacogenetic analysis of IMPDH II may represent a novel approach to MMF therapeutic monitoring . Heterologously expressed formyl peptide receptor 2 ( FPR2 / ALX ) does not respond to lipoxin A4 . Mutation of Gly721 alters DNA topoisomerase I active site architecture and sensitivity to camptothecin . BACKGROUND : Beta2-adrenergic receptors ( beta2AR ) play important regulatory roles in a variety of cells and organ systems and are important therapeutic targets in the treatment of airway and cardiovascular disease . 
Prolonged use of beta-agonists results in tolerance secondary to receptor down-regulation resulting in reduced therapeutic efficiency . 
The purpose of this work is to evaluate the signaling capabilities of the beta2AR expressed by a recombinant adeno-associated viral ( AAV ) vector that also included an enhanced green fluorescent protein ( EGFP ) gene ( AAV-beta2AR / EGFP ) . 
RESULTS : By epifluorescence microscopy , approximately 40% of infected HEK 293 cells demonstrated EGFP expression . 
beta2AR density measured with [ 3H ] dihydroalprenolol ( [ 3H ] DHA ) increased either 13- or 77-fold in infected cells compared to mock infected controls depending on the culture conditions used . 
The [ 3H ] DHA binding was to a single receptor population with a dissociation constant of 0 . 42 nM , as would be expected for wild-type beta2AR . 
Agonist competition assays with [ 3H ] DHA showed the following rank order of potency : isoproterenol>epinephrine> norepinephrine , consistent with beta2AR interaction . 
Isoproterenol-stimulated cyclic AMP levels were 5-fold higher in infected cells compared to controls ( 314 + / - 43 vs . 
63 . 4 + / - 9 . 6 nmol / dish; n = 3 ) . 
Receptor trafficking demonstrated surface expression of beta2AR with vehicle treatment and internalization following isoproterenol treatment . 
CONCLUSIONS : We conclude that HEK 293 cells infected with AAV-beta2AR / EGFP effectively express beta2AR and that increased expression of these receptors results in enhanced beta2AR signaling . 
This method of gene transfer may provide an important means to enhance function in in vivo systems . 1 . 
The effect of endogenous glucocorticoid hormones on the expression of rat B ( 1 ) receptors was examined by means of molecular and pharmacological functional approaches . 
2 . 
Rats were adrenalectomized ( ADX ) , and 7 days after this procedure the intradermal injection of B ( 1 ) receptor agonist des-Arg ( 9 ) -BK produced a significant increase in the paw volume , while only a weak effect was observed in sham-operated animals . 
A similar increase in the contractile responses mediated by B ( 1 ) agonist des-Arg ( 9 ) -BK was also observed in the rat portal vein in vitro . 
3 . 
Chemical ADX performed with mitotane ( a drug that reduces corticosteroid synthesis ) produced essentially the same up-regulation of B ( 1 ) receptors as that observed in ADX rats . 
4 . 
The modulation of B ( 1 ) receptor expression was evaluated by ribonuclease protection assay , employing mRNA obtained from the lungs and paw of ADX rats . 
5 . 
Additionally , both paw oedema and contraction of portal vein mediated by B ( 1 ) agonist des-Arg ( 9 ) -BK in ADX rats , were markedly inhibited by treatment with dexamethasone , or COX-2 inhibitor meloxican , or with the NF-kappaB inhibitor PDTC . 
Interestingly , the same degree of inhibition was achieved when the animals were treated with a combination of submaximal doses of dexamethasone and PDTC . 
6 . 
The involvement of NF-kappaB pathway was further confirmed by mobility shift assay using nuclear extracts from lung , paw and heart of ADX rats . 
It was also confirmed that the treatment of ADX rats with dexamethasone , PDTC or dexamethasone plus PDTC completely inhibit NF-kappaB activation caused by absence of endogenous glucucorticoid . 
7 . 
Together , the results of the present study provide , for the first time , molecular and pharmacological evidence showing that B ( 1 ) kinin receptor expression can be regulated through endogenous glucocorticoids by a mechanism dependent on NF-kappaB pathway . 
Clinical significance of the present findings stem from evidence showing the importance of B ( 1 ) kinin receptors in the mediation of inflammatory and pain related responses . [ Disorders with eosinophilia , treatment of hypereosinophilic syndrome ] . Follicle-stimulating hormone ( FSH ) , a dimeric glycoprotein synthesized in the anterior pituitary gland , is important for the production of sex steroids and gametes . 
FSH-beta ( FSH beta ) and FSH receptor ( FSHR ) knockout mice display impaired ovarian follicular development and infertility in females and small testes , oligospermia , and fertility in males . 
Humans with FSH beta gene mutations tend to have a more severe phenotype than those with FSHR gene mutations , although infertility and varying degrees of impaired sex steroid production occur in both types of mutations . 
Data from human and mouse mutations in the FSH beta and FSHR genes suggest that FSH is necessary for normal pubertal development and fertility in males and females . The role of cholecystokinin ( CCK ) in the regulation of gastric emptying of physiological meals containing solids and liquids in humans remains controversial . 
We studied the role of endogenous CCK in the emptying of a solid / liquid meal administering the new , highly specific and potent CCK-A receptor antagonist lintitript . 
Gastric emptying was assessed in nine healthy male volunteers using a randomized , double blind , two-period crossover design with oral lintitript ( 15 mg 1 h prior to meal intake ) or placebo on two different days . 
After ingestion of a pancake ( 570 kcal ) labelled with 500 microCi of 99mTc-sulfur colloid and 500 ml 10% dextrose containing 80 microCi . 
111In-DTPA , subjects were studied in a sitting position , using a dual-headed gamma camera . 
Plasma CCK and pancreatic polypeptide ( PP ) were measured by a specific RIA . 
Lintitript distinctly accelerated gastric emptying of solids , while gastric emptying of liquids was not significantly altered . 
The lag period was shortened by 20% ( P<0 . 05 ) , AUC and half emptying time of solid emptying were lowered by 12% and 13% , respectively ( P<0 . 03 ) . 
Lintitript markedly increased postprandial plasma CCK release ( P<0 . 001 ) while distinctly reducing postprandial PP levels ( P<0 . 01 ) as compared to placebo . 
These data provide further evidence for a significant role of CCK in the regulation of gastric emptying of solids . 
The study demonstrates for the first time the marked gastrokinetic properties of the new CCK-A receptor antagonist lintitript in humans . Structure-activity relationships of new A , D-ring modified steroids as aromatase inhibitors : design , synthesis , and biological activity evaluation . Eosinophilic oesophagitis : a common cause of dysphagia in young Oxidation of tertiary amine-derivatized surfaces to control protein adhesion . The characteristics of genistin-induced inhibitory effects on intestinal motility . Comparative study on transcriptional activity of 17 parabens mediated by estrogen receptor α and β and androgen receptor . BACKGROUND : Hepatic adverse events associated with the use of nonaspirin drugs and NSAIDs are uncommon , but the widespread use of these drugs may impact public health . 
OBJECTIVE : We conducted a case / noncase analysis of spontaneous reports to compare the hepatic safety profile of cyclooxygenase ( COX ) -2 selective inhibitors with that of nonselective NSAIDs . 
METHODS : This case / noncase analysis was conducted using the US Food and Drug Administration Freedom of Information ( FDA / FOI ) database ( through quarter 1 , 2003 ) and the World Health Organization Uppsala Monitoring Centre ( WHO / UMC ) database ( through quarter 3 , 2003 ) . 
Council for International Organizations of Medical Sciences and WHO Adverse Reaction Terminology preferred terms were used to classify hepatic disorders with broad and specific case definitions . 
After reports involving established hepatotoxic drugs ( bromfenac , nimesulide , sulindac ) were excluded , the proportion of reports ( PRs ) of each case definition was calculated for each NSAID . 
Crude and adjusted reporting odds ratios ( RORs ) were used to compare the overall proportions of hepatic disorders and hepatic failure of celecoxib and rofecoxib versus nonselective NSAIDs . 
RESULTS : A total of 158 , 539 and 185 , 253 reports of NSAIDs were identified in the FDA / FOI and WHO / UMC databases and 25% and 16% , respectively , involved other hepatotoxic drugs . 
The PRs of hepatic disorders for all COX-2 selective inhibitors and non-selective NSAIDs were 3 . 0% in the FDA / FOI database and 2 . 7% in the WHO / UMC database . 
In the FDA / FOI and WHO / UMC databases , respectively , mmesulide ( 16 . 7% and 14 . 4% ) , bromfenac ( 12 . 0% and 20 . 7% ) , diclofenac ( 8 . 1% and 4 . 7% ) , and sulindac ( 6 . 1 % and 9 . 9% ) were reported to be associated with higher proportions of overall hepatic disorders compared with those of other NSAIDs . 
Crude and adjusted RORs for the prevalences of overall hepatic disorders and hepatic failure with celecoxib and rofecoxib versus the other NSAIDs were <1 ( indicating that the proportion was not higher than that of the comparator ) in both databases . 
The interpretation of the results was unchanged when bromfenac , nimesulide , and sulindac were excluded from the analysis . 
CONCLUSIONS : In this case / noncase analysis , bromfenac , nimesulide , sulindac , and diclofenac had higher proportions of reports of hepatic disorders compared with those of other NSAIDs in the FDA / FOI and WHO / UMC databases . 
The analysis did not raise a safety concern for celecoxib or rofecoxib versus NSAIDs for overall hepatic disorders and hepatic failure . Helicobacter pylori induces macrophage apoptosis by activation of arginase II . Free volume in ionic liquids : a connection of experimentally accessible observables from PALS and PVT experiments with the molecular structure from XRD data . Regulation of prostate-specific antigen by activin A in prostate cancer LNCaP cells . Yohimbine dimers exhibiting selectivity for the human alpha 2C-adrenoceptor subtype . The photodynamic therapy of tumors ( PDT ) is a recent and promising technique for the treatment of tumors which can be reached by the light ( directly or by endoscopic illumination ) . 
Excellent results are now obtained with hematoporphyrin derivatives such as Photofrin II , provided the concerned tumors are small and well delimited . 
Porphyrins are transported in blood mainly by lipoproteins , and the low density lipoprotein ( LDL ) receptor-mediated pathway is probably one of the important factors involved in the selective accumulation of porphyrins by tumor tissues , as cancer cells generally express much more LDL receptors than normal cells . 
In the present paper , after a brief presentation of the biochemical basis of the light-dependent cytotoxicity of porphyrins , we shall examine the role of lipoproteins , especially LDL , in the transport and the cellular uptake of these compounds . 
We shall also present recent approaches for the improvement of the PDT efficiency . BMS-690514 , a selective inhibitor of the ErbB and vascular endothelial growth factor receptors , has shown antitumor activity in early clinical development . 
The compound is metabolized by multiple enzymes , with CYP3A4 responsible for the largest fraction ( 34% ) of metabolism . 
It is also a substrate of P-glycoprotein ( P-gp ) in vitro . 
To assess the effect of ketoconazole on BMS-690514 pharmacokinetics , 17 healthy volunteers received 200 mg BMS-690514 alone followed by 100 mg BMS-690514 with ketoconazole ( 400 mg once daily for 4 days ) . 
The AUC ( ∞ ) of 100 mg BMS-690514 concomitantly administered with ketoconazole was similar to that of 200 mg BMS-690514 alone . 
The dose-normalized C ( max ) and AUC ( ∞ ) of BMS-690514 from the 100-mg BMS-690514 / 400-mg ketoconazole treatment increased by 55% and 127% , respectively , relative to those from 200 mg BMS-690514 alone . 
Prediction of the drug-drug interaction ( DDI ) using a population-based simulator ( Simcyp ) indicated that , in addition to CYP3A4 inhibition , the inhibition of P-gp by ketoconazole in the intestine , liver , and kidneys must be invoked to fully account for the DDI observed . 
This finding suggests that the inhibition of P-gp by ketoconazole , along with its effect on CYP3A4 , needs to be considered when designing a DDI study of ketoconazole with a victim drug that is a dual substrate . Efficacy and safety of tamsulosin in the treatment of urological diseases . Neonatal epileptic encephalopathy can be caused by inborn errors of metabolism . 
These conditions are often unresponsive to treatment with conventional antiepileptic drugs . 
Six children with pyridox ( am ) ine-5'-phosphate oxidase ( PNPO ) deficiency presented with neonatal epileptic encephalopathy . 
Two were treated with pyridoxal 5'-phosphate ( PLP ) within the first month of life and showed normal development or moderate psychomotor retardation thereafter . 
Four children with late or no treatment died or showed severe mental handicap . 
All of the children showed atypical biochemical findings . 
Prompt treatment with PLP in all neonates and infants with epileptic encephalopathy should become mandatory , permitting normal development in at least some of those affected with PNPO deficiency . Invasion , either directly or via metastasis formation , is the main cause of death in cancer patients , development of efficient anti-invasive agents is an important research challenge . 
In order to obtain more potent inhibitors , a series of brartemicin analogs were synthesized and evaluated for their inhibitory activity against invasion . 
Among the synthetic analogs tested , DMBT , 6 , 6'-bis ( 2 , 3-dimethoxybenzoyl ) -a , a-d-trehalose , was found to be the most potent anti-invasive agent . 
But the effects of DMBT on breast cancer cells were not known . 
In this study , the effects of DMBT on invasion and metastasis in MDA-MB-231 cells were investigated . 
MTT assay showed that no obvious inhibitory or cytotoxic effect of DMBT was found . 
DMBT could inhibit invasion , migration and tube formation of HUVECs . 
Gelatin zymography showed that DMBT inhibited secretion and activity of MMP-9 . 
Western blotting demonstrated that DMBT effectively suppressed the expression of VEGF , p-VEGFR-2 , p-EGFR , and p-Akt . 
These results suggested that DMBT could inhibit invasion and angiogenesis by downregulation of VEGFand MMP-9 , resulting from the inhibition of Akt pathway . 
DMBT might be a promising lead molecule for the anti-metastasis and serve as a therapeutic agent to inhibit breast cancer cell invasion and metastasis . Multiple microRNAs may regulate the DNA repair enzyme uracil-DNA glycosylase . Binding of progestins to the glucocorticoid receptor . 
Correlation to their glucocorticoid-like effects on in vitro functions of human mononuclear leukocytes . Adult-onset citrullinemia ( CTLN2 ) is a rare hereditary metabolic disorder characterized by highly increased concentration of citrulline and ammonia in the plasma , which is ascribed to a deficiency of argininosuccinate synthetase ( ASS ) , one of the urea cycle enzymes mainly located in the liver . 
Neurological manifestation in CTLN2 patients closely resemble those of hepatic encephalopathy and in the past , most patients usually followed rapidly deteriorating clinical courses and died of severe brain edema within a few years after onset . 
However , in 1995 the first CTLN2 patient who was successfully treated by living-related liver transplantation was reported and since then more than 30 patients had underwent this operation in our country , showing good outcomes . 
No primary defect had not been found within ASS gene locus , but the causative gene of this disorder is now identified as the "citrin gene" , which might act as a aspartate / glutamate transporter in mitochondria . 
Different phenotypes are seen in the individuals with a citrin deficiency : neonatal intrahepatic cholestasis , juvenile-onset chronic pancreatitis and hepatocellular carcinoma without cirrhosis can precede the appearance of CTLN2 . 
The precise pathogenesis of this disease that includes the relationship between the mutations of citrin gene and a deficiency of hepatic ASS activity remains unclear . Effects of the lipid environment , cholesterol and bile acids on the function of the purified and reconstituted human ABCG2 protein . Normal lung development in RAIG1-deficient mice despite unique lung epithelium-specific expression . Age dependent differences in the regulation of hippocampal steroid hormones and receptor genes : relations to motivation and cognition in male rats . During polyamine catabolism , spermine and spermidine are first acetylated by spermidine / spermine N ( 1 ) -acetyltransferase ( SSAT ) and subsequently oxidized by polyamine oxidase ( PAO ) to produce spermidine and putrescine , respectively . 
In attempting to clone the PAO involved in this back-conversion pathway , we encountered an oxidase that preferentially cleaves spermine in the absence of prior acetylation by SSAT . 
A BLAST search using maize PAO sequences identified homologous mammalian cDNAs derived from human hepatoma and mouse mammary carcinoma : the encoded proteins differed by 20 amino acids . 
When either cDNA was transiently transfected into HEK-293 cells , intracellular spermine pools decreased by 75% while spermidine and N ( 1 ) -acetylspermidine pools increased , suggesting that spermine was selectively and directly oxidized by the enzyme . 
Substrate specificity using lysates of oxidase-transfected HEK-293 cells revealed that the newly identified oxidase strongly favoured spermine over N ( 1 ) -acetylspermine and that it failed to act on N ( 1 ) -acetylspermidine , spermidine or the preferred PAO substrate , N ( 1 ) , N ( 12 ) -diacetylspermine . 
The PAO inhibitor , MDL-72 , 527 , only partially blocked oxidation of spermine while a previously reported PAO substrate , N ( 1 ) - ( n -octanesulphonyl ) spermine , potently inhibited the reaction . 
Overall , the data indicate that the enzyme represents a novel mammalian oxidase which , on the basis of substrate specificity , we have designated spermine oxidase in order to distinguish it from the PAO involved in polyamine back-conversion . 
The identification of an enzyme capable of directly oxidizing spermine to spermidine has important implications for understanding polyamine homoeostasis and for interpreting metabolic and cellular responses to clinically relevant polyamine analogues and inhibitors . Gel electrophoretic methods for the analysis of biosimilar pharmaceuticals using the example of recombinant erythropoietin . We have examined the rapid development of synaptic transmission at the neuromuscular junction ( NMJ ) in zebrafish embryos and larvae by patch-clamp recording of spontaneous miniature endplate currents ( mEPCs ) and single acetylcholine receptor ( AChR ) channels . 
Embryonic ( 24-36 h ) mEPCs recorded in vivo were small in amplitude ( <50 pA ) . 
The rate of mEPCs increased in larvae ( 3 . 5-fold increase measured by 6 days ) , and these mEPCs were mostly of larger amplitude ( 10-fold on average ) with ( < / = 5-fold ) faster kinetics . 
Intracellular labeling with Lucifer yellow indicated extensive coupling between muscle cells in both embryos and larvae ( < / = 10 days ) . 
Blocking acetylcholinesterase ( AChE ) with eserine had no effect on mEPC kinetics in embryos at 1 day and only partially slowed ( by approximately 1 / 2 ) the decay rate in larvae at 6 days . 
In acutely dissociated muscle cells , we observed the same two types of AChR with conductances of 45 and 60 pS and with similar , brief ( <0 . 5 ms ) mean open times in both embryos and larvae . 
We conclude that AChR properties are set early during development at these early stages; functional maturation of the NMJ is only partly shaped by expression of AChE and may also depend on postsynaptic AChR clustering and presynaptic maturation . Effects of biotin supplementation in the diet on insulin secretion , islet gene expression , glucose homeostasis and beta-cell proportion . Characterization of the nitrosyl adduct of substrate-bound mouse cysteine dioxygenase by electron paramagnetic resonance : electronic structure of the active site and mechanistic implications . The epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) is a central regulator of tumor progression in human cancers . 
Cetuximab is an anti-EGFR antibody that has been approved for use in oncology . 
Previously we investigated mechanisms of resistance to cetuximab using a model derived from the non-small cell lung cancer line NCI-H226 . 
We demonstrated that cetuximab-resistant clones ( Ctx ( R ) ) had increased nuclear localization of the EGFR . 
This process was mediated by Src family kinases ( SFKs ) , and nuclear EGFR had a role in resistance to cetuximab . 
To better understand SFK-mediated nuclear translocation of EGFR , we investigated which SFK member ( s ) controlled this process as well as the EGFR tyrosine residues that are involved . 
Analyses of mRNA and protein expression indicated upregulation of the SFK members Yes ( v-Yes-1 yamaguchi sarcoma viral oncogene ) and Lyn ( v-yes-1 Yamaguchi sarcoma viral-related oncogene homolog ) in all Ctx ( R ) clones . 
Further , immunoprecipitation analysis revealed that EGFR interacts with Yes and Lyn in Ctx ( R ) clones , but not in cetuximab-sensitive ( Ctx ( S ) ) parental cells . 
Using RNAi interference , we found that knockdown of either Yes or Lyn led to loss of EGFR translocation to the nucleus . 
Conversely , overexpression of Yes or Lyn in low nuclear EGFR-expressing Ctx ( S ) parental cells led to increased nuclear EGFR . 
Chromatin immunoprecipitation ( ChIP ) assays confirmed nuclear EGFR complexes associated with the promoter of the known EGFR target genes B-Myb and iNOS . 
Further , all Ctx ( R ) clones exhibited upregulation of B-Myb and iNOS at the mRNA and protein levels . 
siRNAs directed at Yes or Lyn led to decreased binding of EGFR complexes to the B-Myb and iNOS promoters based on ChIP analyses . 
SFKs have been shown to phosphorylate EGFR on tyrosines 845 and 1101 ( Y845 and Y1101 ) , and mutation of Y1101 , but not Y845 , impaired nuclear entry of the EGFR . 
Taken together , our findings demonstrate that Yes and Lyn phosphorylate EGFR at Y1101 , which influences EGFR nuclear translocation in this model of cetuximab resistance . Evidence has accumulated that some of the angiotensin II AT1 receptor antagonists have insulin-sensitizing property . 
We thus examined the effect of telmisartan on insulin action using 3T3-L1 adipocytes . 
With standard differentiation inducers , a higher dose of telmisartan effectively facilitated differentiation of 3T3-L1 preadipocytes . 
Treatment of both differentiating adipocytes and fully differentiated adipocytes with telmisartan caused a dose-dependent increase in mRNA levels for PPARgamma target genes such as aP2 and adiponectin . 
By contrast , telmisartan attenuated 11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1 mRNA level in differentiated adipocytes . 
Of note , we demonstrated for the first time that telmisartan augmented GLUT4 protein expression and 2-deoxy glucose uptake both in basal and insulin-stimulated state of adipocytes , which may contribute , at least partly , to its insulin-sensitizing ability . Piccolo NuA4-catalyzed acetylation of nucleosomal histones : critical roles of an Esa1 Tudor / chromo barrel loop and an Epl1 enhancer of polycomb A ( EPcA ) basic region . The cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator ( CFTR ) is an ion channel that conducts Cl- current . 
We explored the CFTR pore by studying voltage-dependent blockade of the channel by two organic anions : glibenclamide and isethionate . 
To simplify the kinetic analysis , a CFTR mutant , K1250A-CFTR , was used because this mutant channel , once opened , can remain open for minutes . 
Dose-response relationships of both blockers follow a simple Michaelis-Menten function with K ( d ) values that differ by three orders of magnitude . 
Glibenclamide blocks CFTR from the intracellular side of the membrane with slow kinetics . 
Both the on and off rates of glibenclamide block are voltage dependent . 
Removing external Cl- increases affinity of glibenclamide due to a decrease of the off rate and an increase of the on rate , suggesting the presence of a Cl- binding site external to the glibenclamide binding site . 
Isethionate blocks the channel from the cytoplasmic side with fast kinetics , but has no measurable effect when applied extracellularly . 
Increasing the internal Cl- concentration reduces isethionate block without affecting its voltage dependence , suggesting that Cl- and isethionate compete for a binding site in the pore . 
The voltage dependence and external Cl- concentration dependence of isethionate block are nearly identical to those of glibenclamide block , suggesting that these two blockers may bind to a common binding site , an idea further supported by kinetic studies of blocking with glibenclamide / isethionate mixtures . 
By comparing the physical and chemical natures of these two blockers , we propose that CFTR channel has an asymmetric pore with a wide internal entrance and a deeply embedded blocker binding site where local charges as well as hydrophobic components determine the affinity of the blockers . [ Comparison of the affinities of amoxapine and loxapine for various receptors in rat brain and the receptor down-regulation after chronic administration ] . Inhibition of dipeptidyl peptidase-IV ( DPP-IV ) by atorvastatin . The antiepileptic drug zonisamide was considered to act as a weak inhibitor of the zinc enzyme carbonic anhydrase ( CA , EC 4 . 2 . 1 . 1 ) ( with a K ( I ) of 4 . 3 microM against the cytosolic isozyme II ) . 
Here we prove that this is not true . 
Indeed , testing zonisamide in the classical assay conditions of the CO2 hydrase activity of hCA II , with incubation times of enzyme and inhibitor solution of 15 min , a K ( I ) of 10 . 3 microM has been obtained . 
However , when the incubation between enzyme and inhibitor was prolonged to 1 h , the obtained K ( I ) was of 35 . 2 nM , of the same order of magnitude as that of the clinically used sulfonamides / sulfamates acetazolamide , methazolamide , ethoxzolamide and topiramate ( K ( I ) s in the range of 5 . 4-15 . 4 nM ) . 
The inhibition of the human mitochondrial isozyme hCA V with these compounds has been also tested by means of a dansylamide competition binding assay , which showed zonisamide and topiramate to be effective inhibitors , with K ( I ) s in the range of 20 . 6-25 . 4 nM . 
The X-ray crystal structure of the adduct of hCA II with zonisamide has also been solved at a resolution of 1 . 70 A , showing that the sulfonamide moiety participates in the classical interactions with the Zn ( II ) ion and the residues Thr199 and Glu106 , whereas the benzisoxazole ring is oriented toward the hydrophobic half of the active site , establishing a large number of strong van der Waals interactions ( <4 . 5 A ) with residues Gln92 , Val121 , Phe131 , Leu198 , Thr200 , Pro202 . Lower Adiponectin Levels at First Trimester of Pregnancy Are Associated With Increased Insulin Resistance and Higher Risk of Developing Gestational Diabetes Mellitus . Cyclin-dependent kinase 1 ( Cdk1 ) controls cell proliferation and is inhibited by promising anticancer agents , but its mode of action and the consequences of its inhibition are incompletely understood . 
Cdk1 promotes S- and M-phases during the cell-cycle but also suppresses endoreduplication , which is associated with polyploidy and genome instability . 
The complexity of Cdk1 regulation has made it difficult to determine whether these different roles require different thresholds of kinase activity and whether the surge of activity as inhibitory phosphates are removed at mitotic onset is essential for cell proliferation . 
Here , we have used chemical genetics in a human cell line to address these issues . 
We rescued cells lethally depleted of endogenous Cdk1 with an exogenous Cdk1 conferring sensitivity to one ATP analogue inhibitor ( 1NMPP1 ) and resistance to another ( RO3306 ) . 
At no 1NMPP1 concentration was mitosis in rescued clones prevented without also inducing endoreduplication , suggesting that these two key roles for Cdk1 are not simply controlled by different Cdk1 activity thresholds . 
We also rescued RO3306-resistant clones using exogenous Cdk1 without inhibitory phosphorylation sites , indicating that the mitotic surge of Cdk1 activity is dispensable for cell proliferation . 
These results suggest that the basic mammalian cycle requires at least some qualitative changes in Cdk1 activity and that quantitative increases in activity need not be rapid . 
Furthermore , the viability of cells that are unable to undergo rapid Cdk1 activation , and the strong association between endoreduplication and impaired proliferation , may place restrictions on the therapeutic use of a Cdk1 inhibitors . Several members of a new family of non-sugar-type α-glycosidase inhibitors , bearing a 5- ( p-toluenesulfonylamino ) phthalimide moiety and various substituent at the N2 position , were synthesized and their activities were investigated . 
The newly synthesized compounds displayed different inhibition profile towards yeast α-glycosidase and rat intestinal α-glycosidase . 
Almost all the compounds had strong inhibitory activities against yeast α-glycosidase . 
Regarding rat intestinal α-glycosidase , only analogs with N2-aromatic substituents displayed varying degrees of inhibitory activities on rat intestinal maltase and lactase and nearly all compounds showed no inhibition against rat intestinal α-amylase . 
Structure-activity relationship studies indicated that 5- ( p-toluenesulfonylamino ) phthalimide moiety is a favorable scaffold to exert the α-glucosidase inhibitory activity and substituents at the N2 position have considerable influence on the efficacy of the inhibition activities . Activation of Transient Receptor Potential Ankyrin-1 ( TRPA1 ) in Lung Cells by Wood Smoke Particulate Material . Danazol for heavy menstrual bleeding . Spiro heterocycles as potential inhibitors of SIRT1 : Pd / C-mediated synthesis of novel N-indolylmethyl spiroindoline-3 , 2'-quinazolines . BACKGROUND : Mutations in the cardiac sodium ( Na ) channel gene ( SCN5A ) give rise to the congenital long-QT syndrome ( LQT3 ) and the Brugada syndrome . 
Na channel blockade by antiarrhythmic drugs improves the QT interval prolongation in LQT3 but worsens the Brugada syndrome ST-segment elevation . 
Although Na channel blockade has been proposed as a treatment for LQT3 , flecainide also evokes "Brugada-like" ST-segment elevation in LQT3 patients . 
Here , we examine how Na channel inactivation gating defects in LQT3 and Brugada syndrome elicit proarrhythmic sensitivity to flecainide . 
METHODS AND RESULTS : We measured whole-cell Na current ( I ( Na ) ) from tsA-201 cells transfected with DeltaKPQ , a LQT3 mutation , and 1795insD , a mutation that provokes both the LQT3 and Brugada syndromes . 
The 1795insD and DeltaKPQ channels both exhibited modified inactivation gating ( from the closed state ) , thus potentiating tonic I ( Na ) block . 
Flecainide ( 1 micromol / L ) tonic block was only 16 . 8 + / -3 . 0% for wild type but was 58 . 0 + / -6 . 0% for 1795insD ( P<0 . 01 ) and 39 . 4 + / -8 . 0% ( P<0 . 05 ) for DeltaKPQ . 
In addition , the 1795insD mutation delayed recovery from inactivation by enhancing intermediate inactivation , with a 4-fold delay in recovery from use-dependent flecainide block . 
CONCLUSIONS : We have linked 2 inactivation gating defects ( "closed-state" fast inactivation and intermediate inactivation ) to flecainide sensitivity in patients carrying LQT3 and Brugada syndrome mutations . 
These results provide a mechanistic rationale for predicting proarrhythmic sensitivity to flecainide based on the identification of specific SCN5A inactivation gating defects . Signaling mechanism of tumor cell-induced up-regulation of E3 ubiquitin ligase UBR2 . Acetylsalicylic acid ( aspirin ) is a cyclooxygenase ( COX ) inhibitor , yet some of its therapeutic effects are thought to derive from mechanisms unrelated to prostaglandin synthesis inhibition . 
In human intestinal myofibroblasts , aspirin , at therapeutic doses , had the unexpected effect of inducing prolonged COX-2 expression . 
This induction was especially pronounced when cells were treated with interleukin-1alpha ( IL-1 ) plus aspirin for 24 h . 
Sodium salicylate , a poor COX inhibitor , likewise enhanced IL-1-mediated COX-2 gene expression whereas 5-aminosalicylic acid ( 5-ASA ) or indomethacin had no effect . 
The COX-2 transcriptional rate , measured by nuclear runoff analysis and heterogeneous nuclear RNA reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction , was only modestly elevated by aspirin treatment . 
In contrast , aspirin treatment dramatically stabilized the COX-2 message . 
The COX-2 mRNA half-life in IL-1 treated cells was 1 h and was increased in excess of 5 h in IL-1 + aspirin-treated cells . 
Phosphorylation of p38 MAPK was enhanced in aspirin-treated cells ( but not in cells treated with 5-ASA or indomethacin ) for up to 24 h after treatment . 
Inhibition of p38 activity negated aspirin-mediated COX-2 mRNA stabilization and the resultant increase in COX-2 mRNA and protein levels . 
The modest transcriptional response seen in aspirin treated cells was also abolished by p38 inhibition . 
We conclude that aspirin enhances COX-2 expression via sustained activation of p38 , which results in prolonged stabilization of the COX-2 message and a slightly elevated transcription rate . 
Aspirin also enhanced steady-state mRNA levels of other IL-1 modulated genes ( IL-1beta , IL-6 , groalpha , and TNFalpha ) that are likewise regulated at the level of message stability via p38 activation . OBJECTIVE : Angiotensin II-receptor blockers are an established class of antihypertensive agents , but the differences between individual members of the class are largely unknown . 
The present study employed an animal model to demonstrate angiotensin II-receptor blocker-specific effects and to quantify these differences by comparing two common agents , losartan and valsartan . 
METHODS : We measured the effects on angiotensin II AT2-receptor-mediated renal cGMP by microdialysis in the outer renal cortex in conscious normotensive , sodium-depleted , 4-week-old Sprague-Dawley rats . 
Rats ( n = 8 ) were given equimolar and equidepressor doses of losartan ( 0 . 02 mmol / kg ) or valsartan ( 0 . 02 mmol / kg ) either intravenously or orally . 
Time was allowed for the conversion of losartan into its active metabolite , EXP 3174 . 
RESULTS : Both drugs had equal effects on blood pressure . 
There were significantly greater increases in cGMP levels after administration of valsartan than of losartan with both routes of administration . 
Intravenous administration of valsartan led to a 69 . 1% increase in cGMP , versus a 10 . 3% increase with losartan . 
Five hours after oral administration of valsartan , a 48% increase in cGMP was observed versus a 10 . 9% increase with losartan . 
The increase after oral administration of valsartan was sustained 8 h after administration , whereas the effect of losartan was not sustained . 
The effects of losartan and valsartan on cGMP were completely inhibited by AT2-receptor blockade . 
CONCLUSION : The results indicate that AT1-receptor blockade with valsartan influences AT2-receptor-mediated angiotensin II responses to a greater extent than with losartan , as quantified by renal interstitial fluid cGMP . The selection of the most effective chemotherapy treatment based on evaluation of biomarkers , that is , 'tailor-made chemotherapy' , can improve the clinical outcome of non-small cell lung cancer patients , including early-stage tumors with a high metastatic potential and advanced-stage tumors with a low proliferation rate . 
Therefore , treatment would be chosen according to which drugs would be most effective in combating specific tumors . 
For example : 5-fluorouracil-derived agents would be used for tumors with a low expression of thymidylate synthase; gefitinib and erlotinib for tumors with epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) mutations or increased EGFR gene copy numbers; cisplatin and carboplatin for tumors with a low expression of excision repair cross complementing-1; and gemcitabine for tumors with a low expression of ribonucleotide reductase . 
The remaining populations of non-small cell lung cancers require chemotherapy using other drugs based on an evaluation of other targeted molecules . Lubiprostone [ RU 0211 , SPI 0211 ] is a bicyclic fatty acid that acts as a chloride channel opener , increasing intestinal water secretion . 
Lubiprostone , an orally-administered formulation , is one of a series of functional fatty acid compounds discovered by Dr Ryuji Ueno , and is currently undergoing development for the treatment of constipation , constipation-predominant irritable bowel syndrome ( IBS-C ) and postoperative ileus with Sucampo Pharmaceutical's . 
Lubiprostone activates a specific chloride channel ( CLC2 ) on cells lining the gut , thereby naturally increasing intestinal fluid secretion . 
The increased fluid level softens the stool , promotes spontaneous bowel movements , and reduces abdominal discomfort / pain and bloating . 
The chloride channel is a protein that controls cell membrane transport of chloride ion . 
Lubiprostone acts on the ClC-2 chloride channel , which is located in the apical intestinal membrane . 
In November 2004 , Takeda Pharmaceuticals entered into a collaboration and licensing agreement for Lubiprostone with Sucampo Pharmaceuticals for the treatment of chronic constipation and constipation-predominant Irritable Bowel Syndrome ( c-IBS ) . 
Under the terms of the agreement , Takeda received the right to market the product in the US and Canada , while Sucampo reserved the co-promotion rights for these countries . 
Takeda's wholly-owned US subsidiary , Takeda Pharmaceuticals North America Inc . 
, will sell lubiprostone once the product is approved by the US FDA . 
Takeda will also receive an option for marketing rights in other territories , including Japan and Europe . 
Takeda and Sucampo agreed on the exclusive manufacturing and supply of Lubiprostone by R-Tech Ueno , Ltd , a member of the Sucampo Group . 
Sucampo has the potential to receive up to dollar US 210 million in initial and milestone payments , some of which are contingent upon the successful achievement of several milestones . 
Takeda will fund a major part of development costs not only for chronic constipation and c-IBS , but also for other indications in the gastroenterology field . 
Takeda will make royalty payments to Sucampo after the product is launched . 
In May 2005 , Sucampo received dollar US 20 million from Takeda Pharmaceutical as payment for achieving a development milestone of initiating a phase III clinical trial of lubiprostone to treat patients with constipation-predominant irritable bowel syndrome . 
Sucampo Pharmaceuticals submitted a new drug application ( NDA ) for lubiprostone to the FDA on 31 March 2005 for approval in the treatment of chronic idiopathic constipation ( CIC ) and associated symptoms in adults . 
Sucampo completed three long-term , open-label safety studies , which will support the NDA for lubiprostone , in treating constipation . 
Results from its second open-label safety study with lubiprostone were announced in February 2004 , with the first two studies demonstrating long-term safety and sustained effectiveness in constipated subjects . 
In the US , the final phase III study for chronic constipation was completed in the fourth quarter of 2004 . 
In November 2004 , Sucampo announced completing a phase II safety and efficacy study of lubiprostone for the treatment of IBS-C . 
This study , which was initiated in April 2003 , randomised 195 patients with documented IBS into four treatment groups ( three doses of SPI 0211 and placebo ) from 19 locations throughout the US . Neurotensin has been shown to produce pharmacological effects both in brain and periphery . 
Several of these effects are mediated by a high-affinity neurotensin NT1 receptor . 
On the other hand , a low-affinity levocabastine-sensitive neurotensin NT2 receptor was molecularly cloned from rodent brain recently . 
In this study , in contrast to NT1 receptor , levocabastine ( a histamine H1 receptor antagonist ) and SR48692 ( an antagonist for NT1 receptor ) strongly stimulated intracellular Ca2 + mobilization in transfected Chinese hamster ovary cells expressing rat NT2 receptor , thus acting as potent NT2 receptor . 
Furthermore , despite of their affinities for NT2 receptor , the Ca2 + responses to potent NT1 agonists , neurotensin or JMV449 ( [ Lys8- ( CH2NH ) -Lys9 ] Pro-Tyr-Ile-Leu , a peptidase resistant analogue of neurotensin ) were much smaller than that observed with SR48692 . 
These findings suggest that NT1 and NT2 receptors present distinct functional characteristics and that SR48692 may act as a potent agonist for NT2 receptor . A novel adenylyl cyclase-activating serotonin receptor ( 5-HT7 ) implicated in the regulation of mammalian circadian rhythms . LY395153 is a member of a newly described class of arylpropylsulfonamide AMPA receptor potentiators . 
Here , we characterize and compare [ ( 3 ) H ] LY395153 binding to native AMPA receptors from rat cerebral cortex and recombinant human GluR4 ( flip ) receptors expressed in HEK293 cells . 
L-Glutamate and AMPA increased [ ( 3 ) H ] LY395153 binding to both native and recombinant AMPA receptors in a concentration dependent and stereoselective manner; this effect of AMPA receptor agonists reflects an apparent increase in ligand affinity . 
In the presence of L-glutamate ( 500 microM ) , [ ( 3 ) H ] LY395153 binding is saturable; the affinity of this radioligand is slightly , albeit statistically significantly higher at human GluR4 ( flip ) ( K ( d ) = 55 . 6 + / -5 . 3nM ) than rat cortical receptors ( K ( d ) = 110 + / -15 . 1nM ) . 
NBQX competitively inhibited L-glutamate-induced increases in [ ( 3 ) H ] LY395153 binding in both native and recombinant receptors , whilst LY303070 ( the active isomer of GYKI53655 ) noncompetitively inhibited this effect in native , but not recombinant receptors . 
The prototypic AMPA receptor potentiator cyclothiazide competitively inhibited [ ( 3 ) H ] LY395153 binding with a potency ( K ( i ) approximately 7 microM ) comparable to EC ( 50 ) values reported in electrophysiological studies . 
In contrast , the structurally unrelated AMPA receptor potentiator CX 516 did not inhibit [ ( 3 ) H ] LY395153 binding at concentrations of up to 600 microM . 
Further , at concentrations reported to facilitate AMPA receptor desensitization , thiocyanate acts as a competitive inhibitor of [ ( 3 ) H ] LY395153 binding . 
[ ( 3 ) H ] LY395153 binding was unaffected by a variety of structurally ( and mechanistically ) diverse compounds tested at a concentration of 10 microM . 
These data indicate [ ( 3 ) H ] LY395153 is a useful probe for labeling a unique modulatory site on both native and recombinant AMPA receptors . AMP-activated protein kinase-dependent and -independent mechanisms underlying in vitro antiglioma action of compound C . Structural basis for autoinhibition of the guanine nucleotide exchange factor FARP2 . Drug delivery to the brain is becoming more and more important but is severely restricted by the blood-brain barrier . 
Nanoparticles coated with polysorbates have previously been shown to enable the transport of several drugs across the blood-brain barrier , which under normal circumstances is impermeable to these compounds . 
Apolipoprotein E was suggested to mediate this drug transport across the blood-brain barrier . 
In the present study , apolipoprotein E was coupled by chemical methods to nanoparticles made of human serum albumin ( HSA-NP ) . 
Loperamide , which does not cross the blood-brain barrier but exerts antinociceptive effects after direct injection into the brain , was used as model drug . 
Apolipoprotein E was chemically bound via linkers to loperamide-loaded HSA-NP . 
This preparation induced antinociceptive effects in the tail-flick test in ICR mice after i . 
v . 
injection . 
In contrast , nanoparticles linked to apolipoprotein E variants that do not recognize lipoprotein receptors failed to induce these effects . 
These results indicate that apolipoprotein E attached to the surface of nanoparticles facilitates transport of drugs across the blood-brain barrier , probably after interaction with lipoprotein receptors on the brain capillary endothelial cell membranes . Metabolites of the analogue 1-deamino-1-carba-2-tyrosine ( O-methyl ) -oxytocin ( carbetocin ) following incubation with a rat kidney homogenate were isolated and their pharmacodynamic properties investigated . 
Apart from the parent compound two metabolites were identified namely desGlyNH2-carbetocin ( carbetocin metabolite I ) and desLeuGlyNH2-carbetocin ( carbetocin metabolite II ) . 
Both carbetocin , carbetocin metabolite I and carbetocin metabolite II displayed binding affinities to the myometrial oxytocin receptor of a similar magnitude as oxytocin . 
Carbetocin was found to have agonistic properties on isolated myometrial strips and it was found to exert this effect through generation of inositol phosphates , as is the case for oxytocin . 
However , maximal contractile effect of carbetocin was approximately 50% lower than that of oxytocin ( 2 . 70 + / - 0 . 12 g compared to 5 . 22 + / - 0 . 26 g ) and EC50 was approximately ten times higher ( 48 . 0 + / - 8 . 20 nM compared to 5 . 62 + / - 1 . 22 nM ) . 
Neither carbetocin metabolite I nor carbetocin metabolite II were able to contract isolated myometrial tissue . 
All three compounds displayed antagonistic properties against oxytocin in vitro , with carbetocin being the strongest inhibitor ( pA2 = 8 . 21 ) and carbetocin metabolite II ( pA2 = 8 . 01 ) being stronger than carbetocin metabolite I ( pA2 = 7 . 81 ) . 
These results indicate that carbetocin is a partial agonist / antagonist to the oxytocin receptor while the two metabolites carbetocin metabolite I and carbetocin metabolite II are pure antagonists . 
All three analogues bound to the myometrial vasopressin V1 receptor , albeit with much lower affinities than to the oxytocin receptor . 
Carbetocin metabolite II showed the weakest binding affinity of 33 . 7 + / - 7 . 34 nM compared to 7 . 24 + / - 0 . 29 nM for carbetocin and 9 . 89 + 2 . 80 nM for carbetocin metabolite I . 
Only carbetocin bound to the renal vasopressin V2 receptor though the binding affinity was very low ( 61 . 3 + / - 14 . 6 nM ) . Breast cancer resistance protein ( BCRP / ABCG2 ) plays an important role in determining the absorption and disposition of consumed xenobiotics including various drugs and dietary phytochemicals and is also one of the prominent efflux transporters involved in multidrug resistance ( MDR ) . 
In this study , we have investigated the interactions between ABCG2 and 56 naturally-occurring phytochemicals including phenolic acids , flavonoids , triterpenes and other common dietary phytochemicals , as well as two non plant-based compounds ( hippuric acid and propyl gallate ) using cell- and membrane-based transport inhibition assays . 
Of the non-flavonoid phytochemicals tested , berberine , celastrol , ellagic acid , limonin , oleanolic acid , propyl gallate , sinapic acid and ursolic acid demonstrated significant inhibition of ABCG2-mediated transport . 
Chrysoeriol , laricitrin , myricetin 3' , 4' , 5'-trimethylether , pinocembrin , quercitrin , tamarixetin , tricetin and tricetin 3' , 4' , 5'-trimethylether were also identified as novel flavonoid ABCG2 inhibitors . 
The identified inhibitory activity of dietary phytochemicals on ABCG2 provides a framework for further investigation of ABCG2-modulated phytochemical bioavailability , MDR , and possible food-drug interactions . BACKGROUND & AIMS : It is unclear whether weight loss with the noradrenergic ( norepinephrine ) and serotonergic ( 5-hydroxytryptamine ) reuptake inhibitor , sibutramine , is associated with altered stomach functions and whether genetics influence treatment response . 
METHODS : Forty-eight overweight and obese but otherwise healthy participants were randomized to placebo or sibutramine ( 15 mg / day for 12 weeks ) . 
At baseline and posttreatment we measured the following : gastric emptying for solids and liquids by scintigraphy , gastric volumes by single-photon emission computed tomography , maximum tolerated volume and 30-minute postnutrient challenge symptoms , and selected gastrointestinal hormones . 
All participants received structured behavior therapy for weight management . 
The influence of candidate gene polymorphisms involved in norepinephrine and 5-hydroxytryptamine or receptor function ( phenylethanolamine N-methyltransferase , guanine nucleotide binding protein beta polypeptide 3 , alpha2A adrenoreceptor , and solute carrier family 6 [ neurotransmitter transporter , serotonin ] member 4 [ homo sapiens ] [ SLC6A4 ] ) on weight loss and gastric functions was evaluated . 
RESULTS : The overall average weight loss posttreatment was 5 . 4 + / - 0 . 8 ( SEM ) kg with sibutramine and 0 . 9 + / - 0 . 9 kg with placebo ( P < . 001 ) . 
The sibutramine group showed significant retardation in gastric emptying of solids ( P = . 03 ) , reduced maximum tolerated volume ( P = . 03 ) , and increased postprandial peptide YY compared with the placebo group . 
Obese females showed greater effects of sibutramine on weight loss and gastric emptying of solids and liquids . 
Gastric volumes and postchallenge symptoms were not significantly different in the 2 treatment groups . 
The LS / SS genotype of the promoter for SLC6A4 was associated with enhanced weight loss with sibutramine . 
CONCLUSIONS : Weight reduction with sibutramine is associated with altered gastric functions and increased peptide YY and is significantly associated with SLC6A4 genotype . 
The role of genetic variation in SLC6A4 on weight loss in response to sibutramine deserves further study . [ Methodological consideration in studying the exocytosis mechanisms using microdialysis ] . BACKGROUND : Voltage-gated sodium channels dysregulation is important for hyperexcitability leading to pain persistence . 
Sodium channel blockers currently used to treat neuropathic pain are poorly tolerated . 
Getting new molecules to clinical use is laborious . 
We here propose a drug already marketed as anticonvulsant , rufinamide . 
METHODS : We compared the behavioral effect of rufinamide to amitriptyline using the Spared Nerve Injury neuropathic pain model in mice . 
We compared the effect of rufinamide on sodium currents using in vitro patch clamp in cells expressing the voltage-gated sodium channel Nav1 . 7 isoform and on dissociated dorsal root ganglion neurons to amitriptyline and mexiletine . 
RESULTS : In naive mice , amitriptyline ( 20 mg / kg ) increased withdrawal threshold to mechanical stimulation from 1 . 3 ( 0 . 6-1 . 9 ) ( median [ 95% CI ] ) to 2 . 3 g ( 2 . 2-2 . 5 ) and latency of withdrawal to heat stimulation from 13 . 1 ( 10 . 4-15 . 5 ) to 30 . 0 s ( 21 . 8-31 . 9 ) , whereas rufinamide had no effect . 
Rufinamide and amitriptyline alleviated injury-induced mechanical allodynia for 4 h ( maximal effect : 0 . 10 + / - 0 . 03 g ( mean + / - SD ) to 1 . 99 + / - 0 . 26 g for rufinamide and 0 . 25 + / - 0 . 22 g to 1 . 92 + / - 0 . 85 g for amitriptyline ) . 
All drugs reduced peak current and stabilized the inactivated state of voltage-gated sodium channel Nav1 . 7 , with similar effects in dorsal root ganglion neurons . 
CONCLUSIONS : At doses alleviating neuropathic pain , amitriptyline showed alteration of behavioral response possibly related to either alteration of basal pain sensitivity or sedative effect or both . 
Side-effects and drug tolerance / compliance are major problems with drugs such as amitriptyline . 
Rufinamide seems to have a better tolerability profile and could be a new alternative to explore for the treatment of neuropathic pain . Development of an ALK2-Biased BMP Type I Receptor Kinase Inhibitor . The dependence of regulatory volume decrease ( RVD ) activity on potassium-chloride cotransporter ( KCC ) isoform expression was characterized in corneal epithelial cells ( CEC ) . 
During exposure to a 50% hypotonic challenge , the RVD response was larger in SV40-immortalized human CEC ( HCEC ) than in SV40-immortalized rabbit CEC ( RCEC ) . 
A KCC inhibitor- [ ( dihydroindenyl ) oxy ] alkanoic acid ( DIOA ) -blocked RVD more in HCEC than RCEC . 
Under isotonic conditions , N-ethylmaleimide ( NEM ) produced KCC activation and transient cell shrinkage . 
Both of these changes were greater in HCEC than in RCEC . 
Immunoblot analysis of HCEC , RCEC , primary human CEC ( pHCEC ) , and primary bovine CEC ( BCEC ) plasma membrane enriched fractions revealed KCC1 , KCC3 , and KCC4 isoform expression , whereas KCC2 was undetectable . 
During a hypotonic challenge , KCC1 membrane content increased more rapidly in HCEC than in RCEC . 
Such a challenge induced a larger increase and more transient p44 / 42MAPK activation in HCEC than RCEC . 
On the other hand , HCEC and RCEC p38MAPK phosphorylation reached peak activations at 2 . 5 and 15 min , respectively . 
Only in HCEC , pharmacological manipulation of KCC activity modified the hypotonicity-induced activation of p44 / 42MAPK , whereas p38MAPK phosphorylation was insensitive to such procedures in both cell lines . 
Larger increases in HCEC KCC1 membrane protein content correlated with their ability to undergo faster and more complete RVD . 
Furthermore , pharmacological activation of KCC increased p44 / 42MAPK phosphorylation in HCEC but not in RCEC , presumably a reflection of low KCC1 membrane expression in RCEC . 
These findings suggest that KCC1 plays a role in ( i ) maintaining isotonic steady-state cell volume homeostasis , ( ii ) recovery of isotonic cell volume after a hypotonic challenge through RVD , and ( iii ) regulating hypotonicity-induced activation of the p44 / 42MAPK signaling pathway required for cell proliferation . We report the discovery of novel series of highly potent TLR7 agonists based on 8-oxoadenines , 1 and 2 by introducing and optimizing various tertiary amines onto the N ( 9 ) -position of the adenine moiety . 
The introduction of the amino group resulted in not only improved water solubility but also enhanced TLR7 agonistic activity . 
In particular compound 20 ( DSR-6434 ) indicated an optimal balance between the agonistic potency and high water solubility . 
It also demonstrated a strong antitumor effect in vivo by intravenous administration in a tumor bearing mice model . The objective of the study was to investigate how blending of triacylglycerols and diacylglycerols affected the melting and crystallisation properties in a solid fat system . 
Lard-based diacylglycerols ( DAGs ) were blended with lard in various concentrations ( 0% , 1% , 5% , 10% , 20% , 50% , 60% , 70% , 80% , 90% , and 100% ) . 
The melting and crystallisation properties were investigated by the determination of dropping point ( DP ) , solid fat content ( SFC ) , differential scanning calorimetry ( DSC ) and X-ray diffraction ( XRD ) . 
In general , the effects of DAGs were found to be dependent on concentration . 
The DP was significantly ( P<0 . 0001 ) decreased when DAGs were added to the lard from 5-50% , whereas the DP was increased ( P<0 . 0001 ) when the blends contained more than 60% DAGs . 
The DSC thermograms showed that DAGs changed the melting and crystallisation profiles of lard . 
The crystallisation onset point increased ( P<0 . 05 ) with increasing the DAG concentrations ( 10-100% ) . 
The melting peaks and off-set points generally shifted slightly towards higher temperatures as the content of DAGs increased above 50% . 
DAG content of 5% and 10% resulted in lowering of the off-set point . 
The lard contained both β and β' crystals . 
The β form was more pronounced in the blends with high concentrations of DAGs . 
Blending of TAGs and DAGs may serve as a solution to achieve specific functional properties in products containing solid fats . Breast cancer and steroid metabolizing enzymes : the role of progestogens . The conjugation of microcystin-RR by human recombinant GSTs and hepatic cytosol . Previous studies have demonstrated that wogonoside , a bioactive flavonoid extracted from the root of Scutellaria baicalensis Gerogi , has anti-inflammatory and anti-angiogenic activities . 
In this study , we evaluated wogonoside-induced autophagy on human breast MDA-MB-231 cells . 
We report that wogonoside triggered the formation of microtubule-associated protein-light chain 3 ( MAP-LC3 ) positive autophagosomes and the accumulation of acidic vesicular and autolysosomes in MDA-MB-231 cells . 
In addition , cells treated by wogonoside developed autophagosome-like characteristics , including single and double membrane vacuoles containing intact and degraded cellular debris . 
The results showed that wogonoside promotes the expression of LC3-II and Beclin-1 . 
Furthermore , wogonoside inhibited cell growth of MDA-MB-231 cells in a concentration- and time-dependent manner , which was associated with wogonoside-induced autophagy . 
Wogonoside also suppressed the activation of mammalian target of rapamycin ( mTOR ) and p70-S6 kinase ( p70S6K ) by regulating the expression of the extracellular signal-regulated kinase ( ERK1 / 2 ) and p38 involved mitogen-activated protein kinase ( MAPK ) signaling pathway . 
Taken together , these results suggest that wogonoside partially inhibits MDA-MB-231 cell growth by inducing autophagy through the MAPK-mTOR pathway and may be a promising anti-tumor agent . Inspired by the water-enhanced mechanical gradient character of the squid beak , we herein report a nanocomposite that mimics both the architecture and properties of this interesting natural material . 
Similar to the squid beak , we have developed nanocomposites where the degree of cross-linking is controlled along the length of the film . 
In this study , we utilized tunicate cellulose nanocrystals as the nanofiller that are functionalized with allyl moieties . 
Using photoinduced thiol-ene chemistry , we have been able to cross-link the CNC nanofiller . 
In the dry state where strong CNC interactions can occur , only a small mechanical contrast is observed between the cross-linked and uncross-linked samples . 
However , when the films are exposed to water , which "switches off" the noncovalent CNC interactions , a significant mechanical contrast is observed between the same films . 
For example , at 20 wt % CNC ( in the dry film ) , an increase in wet modulus from 60 to 300 MPa ( ∼500% increase ) is observed after photoirradiation . 
Furthermore , we show that the wet modulus can be controlled by altering the UV exposure time which allows access to mechanical gradient films . Kinetic and stereochemical studies on novel inactivators of C-terminal amidation . Thermodynamic determination of the binding constants of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors by a displacement method . IL-2 is a cytokine that functions as a growth factor and central regulator in the immune system and mediates its effects through ligand-induced hetero-trimerization of the receptor subunits IL-2R alpha , IL-2R beta , and gamma ( c ) . 
Here , we describe the crystal structure of the trimeric assembly of the human IL-2 receptor ectodomains in complex with IL-2 at 3 . 0 A resolution . 
The quaternary structure is consistent with a stepwise assembly from IL-2 / IL-2R alpha to IL-2 / IL-2R alpha / IL-2R beta to IL-2 / IL-2R alpha / IL-2R beta / gamma ( c ) . 
The IL-2R alpha subunit forms the largest of the three IL-2 / IL-2R interfaces , which , together with the high abundance of charge-charge interactions , correlates well with the rapid association rate and high-affinity interaction of IL-2R alpha with IL-2 at the cell surface . 
Surprisingly , IL-2R alpha makes no contacts with IL-2R beta or gamma ( c ) , and only minor changes are observed in the IL-2 structure in response to receptor binding . 
These findings support the principal role of IL-2R alpha to deliver IL-2 to the signaling complex and act as regulator of signal transduction . 
Cooperativity in assembly of the final quaternary complex is easily explained by the extraordinarily extensive set of interfaces found within the fully assembled IL-2 signaling complex , which nearly span the entire length of the IL-2R beta and gamma ( c ) subunits . 
Helix A of IL-2 wedges tightly between IL-2R beta and gamma ( c ) to form a three-way junction that coalesces into a composite binding site for the final gamma ( c ) recruitment . 
The IL-2 / gamma ( c ) interface itself exhibits the smallest buried surface and the fewest hydrogen bonds in the complex , which is consistent with its promiscuous use in other cytokine receptor complexes . We report here the design and synthesis of a series of 4-anilinoquinazoline derivatives , of which 7 compounds were crystallographically characterized , as epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) inhibitors by modifications on the aniline ring or at the 6-alkoxy site of the 6 , 7-dimethoxy-4-anilinoquinazoline pharmacophore . 
The relative inhibition efficiency on EGFR of all as-prepared compounds were measured and ordered , and the IC50 values of nine highly active compounds were determined by ELISA . 
Docking studies indicated that all 4-anilinoquinazoline derivatives could be inserted into the ATP-binding pocket of the EGFR via indirect docking , and that the modifications at the 3'-position of the anilino group and 6-alkoxy site of the quinazoline ring have little interference with the formation of the two essential H-bonds between the N3 of the quinazoline ring and Thr766 through a water molecule , and the N1 of the quinazoline ring and N-H of Met769 . 
The displacing of the phenyl at 4-position with pyridinyl dramatically reduces the activity of the quinazoline pharmacophore , the resulting derivative ( 10 ) being the least active compound . 
The docking results also showed that the formation of new H-bonds between the N-H of the ethylenediamine group linked to the 6-alkoxy site and Asp776 / Cys773 in the binding pocket of EGFR makes compounds 19 ( IC50 = 12 . 1±1 . 6 nM ) and 20 ( IC50 = 13 . 6±0 . 8 nM ) the most potent EGFR inhibitors in this class and worthy of further modification to obtain more potent anticancer compounds . Silent information regulator 2 ( Sir2 ) enzymes or sirtuins are a family of NAD ( + ) -dependent protein N ( ε ) -acetyl-lysine ( AcK ) deacetylases . 
Sirtuins are also evolutionarily conserved proteins that are present in all kingdoms of life ranging from bacteria to humans . 
Interestingly , it was recently found that the sirtuins found in various human parasites ( especially the Plasmodium , Trypanosoma , and Leishmania species ) were pro-survival for the parasites under various conditions . 
Therefore , these parasitic sirtuins have emerged as novel anti-parasitic therapeutic targets . 
This article reviews the currently available structural , biochemical , pharmacological , and medicinal chemistry studies on these enzymes , and discusses the perspectives of selectively targeting the parasitic sirtuins as a novel therapeutic strategy for the human parasitic diseases . Melamine is an important and widely used organic industrial chemical . 
Recently , clinical findings of renal failure and kidney stones in infants have been associated with ingestion of melamine-contaminated infant formula . 
To understand the toxicity and clinical outcome of melamine exposure , repeated oral dose studies in rats and monkeys were performed to characterize the subchronic toxicity of melamine . 
Assessment of toxicity was based on mortality , clinical signs , body weights , ophthalmic findings , clinical pathology , gross pathology , organ weights , and microscopic observations . 
The first rat study was intended to be a 14-day oral study followed by an 8-day recovery period . 
The dose levels were 140 , 700 , and 1 , 400 mg / kg / day ( lowered to 1 , 000 mg / kg / day subsequently due to mortality ) . 
Oral administration of melamine at 700 mg / kg / day for 14 consecutive days in rats produced compound-related clinical signs ( red urine ) , decreased body weights , and changes in clinical pathology ( increased serum urea nitrogen and creatinine ) and anatomical pathology ( renal tubular cell debris , crystal deposition , and hyperactive regeneration of renal tubular epithelium ) . 
The kidney was identified as the target organ . 
Oral administration at 1 , 400 mg / kg / day ( subsequently lowered to 1 , 000 mg / kg / day ) resulted in animal death and moribundity . 
There were no treatment-related findings in the 140 mg / kg / day group . 
There were no compound-related findings in the high-dose recovery animals . 
The second rat study was a 5-day oral toxicity study with genomic biomarkers assayed in the kidney tissues . 
At the top dose of 1 , 050 mg / kg / day , similar clinical and anatomical pathology findings as described above were observed . 
The genes measured , Kim-1 , Clu , Spp1 , A2m , Lcn2 , Tcfrsf12a , Gpnmb , and CD44 , were significantly up-regulated ( fivefold to 550-fold ) , while Tff3 was significantly down-regulated ( fivefold ) . 
These results indicated that genomic markers could sensitively diagnose melamine-induced kidney injury . 
A 3-month oral study with 4-week recovery in monkeys was also conducted . 
In this monkey study , the animals were treated with melamine at doses of 60 , 200 , or 700 mg / kg / day . 
The administration of 700 mg / kg / day melamine by nasal-gastric gavage to monkeys resulted in test article-related clinical signs including turbid and whitish urine , urine crystals , red blood cell changes , increased serum alanine aminotransferase and kidney and / or liver weights , and microscopic findings including nephrotoxicity , pericarditis , and increased hematopoiesis . 
Nephrotoxicity was also noted at 200 mg / kg / day . 
It was concluded that the kidney is the primary target organ and the NOAEL was estimated to be 140 mg / kg / day in rats following a 14-day oral administration and 60 mg / kg / day in the monkey study . Cyclooxygenase-1 and cyclooxygenase-2 selectivity of widely used nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs . Dopamine D ( 1A ) receptor function in a rodent model of tardive dyskinesia . Smad3 mediates cigarette smoke extract ( CSE ) induction of VEGF release by human fetal lung fibroblasts . An ultra-low dose of tetrahydrocannabinol provides cardioprotection . β-catenin regulates GnRH-induced FSHβ gene expression . Effect of ketoconazole on the pharmacokinetic profile of ambrisentan . Mitochondrially-bound dihydroorotate dehydrogenase ( EC 1 . 3 . 99 . 11 ) catalyzes the fourth sequential step in the de novo synthesis of uridine monophosphate . 
The enzyme has been identified as or surmised to be the pharmacological target for isoxazol , triazine , cinchoninic acid and ( naphtho ) quinone derivatives , which exerted antiproliferative , immunosuppressive , and antiparasitic effects . 
Despite this broad spectrum of biological and clinical relevance , there have been no comparative studies on drug-dihydroorotate dehydrogenase interactions . 
Here , we describe a study of the inhibition of the purified recombinant human and rat dihydroorotate dehydrogenase by ten compounds . 
1 , 4-Naphthoquinone , 5 , 8-hydroxy-naphthoquinone and the natural compounds juglon , plumbagin and polyporic acid ( quinone derivative ) were found to function as alternative electron acceptors with 10-30% of control enzyme activity . 
The human and rat enzyme activity was decreased by 50% by the natural compound lawsone ( > 500 and 49 microM , respectively ) and by the derivatives dichloroally-lawsone ( 67 and 10 nM ) , lapachol ( 618 and 61 nM ) and atovaquone ( 15 microM and 698 nM ) . 
With respect to the quinone co-substrate of the dihydroorotate dehydrogenase , atovaquone ( Kic = 2 . 7 microM ) and dichloroally-lawsone ( Kic = 9 . 8 nM ) were shown to be competitive inhibitors of human dihydroorotate dehydrogenase . 
Atovaquone ( Kic = 60 nM ) was also acompetitive inhibitor of the rat enzyme . 
Dichloroally ] -lawsone was found to be a time-dependent inhibitor of the rat enzyme , with the lowest inhibition constant ( Ki* = 0 . 77 nM ) determined so far for mammalian dihydroorotate dehydrogenases . 
Another inhibitor , brequinar was previously reported to be a slow-binding inhibitor of the human dihydroorotate dehydrogenase [ W . 
Knecht , M . 
Loffler , Species-related inhibition of human and rat dihyroorotate dehydrogenase by immunosuppressive isoxazol and cinchoninic acid derivatives , Biochem . 
Pharmacol . 
56 ( 1998 ) 1259-1264 ] . 
The slow binding features of this potent inhibitor ( Ki* = 1 . 8 nM ) with the human enzyme , were verified and seen to be one of the reasons for the narrow therapeutic window ( efficacy versus toxicity ) reported from clinical trials on its antiproliferative and immunosuppressive action . 
With respect to the substrate dihydroorotate , atovaquone was an uncompetitive inhibitor of human dihydroorotate dehydrogenase ( Kiu = 11 . 6 microM ) and a non-competitive inhibitor of the rat enzyme ( Kiu = 905 / Kic = 1 , 012 nM ) . 
1 . 5 mM polyporic acid , a natural quinone from fungi , influenced the activity of the human enzyme only slightly; the activity of the rat enzyme was decreased by 30% . Various ursanic , oleanic and lupanic pentacyclic triterpenoids found in apple peel were studied for anti-inflammatory effects in vitro using T84 colon carcinoma cells . 
After pretreatment with single triterpenoids , cells were stimulated with pro-inflammatory cytokines ( TNF-α , INF-γ , IL-1β ) . 
Regulation of mRNA expression was analysed for three specific inflammation-associated marker genes ( TNF-α , IL-8 , IP-10 ) using qRT-PCR . 
Furthermore , the effects of ursolic acid ( UA ) and oleanolic acid ( OA ) on the synthesis of certain pro-inflammatory proteins were examined . 
IP-10 expression was inhibited in a dose-dependent manner by all the tested compounds at concentrations ⩾25μM . 
The mRNA expression of TNF-α was slightly affected and the IL-8 level was increased . 
At the protein level , UA and OA ( 25μM ) reduced the synthesis of IP-10; sICAM-1 , IL-23 and GROα were slightly repressed . 
The TNF-α level was not modulated , whereas induction of IL-8 was increased . 
UA also enhanced the synthesis of IL-1ra , while OA suppressed the level of I-TAC . 
The present study confirms that triterpenoids present in apple peel and β-damascone may be implicated in the anti-inflammatory properties of apple constituents , suggesting that these substances might be helpful in the treatment of IBD as nutrient supplements . The TGF-β signaling pathway is involved with multiple processes in the mammalian ovary , including primordial follicle formation , granulosa cell ( GC ) proliferation , follicle atresia , ovulation , and feedback regulation between the pituitary and ovary . 
The transcriptional factor SMAD4 is the central component of the canonical TGF-β signaling pathway . 
Smad4 knockout using Amhr2-Cre , which is expressed in GCs of immature developing follicles , causes premature luteinization . 
In this study , we specifically depleted Smad4 in GCs of preovulatory follicles using Cyp19-Cre mice . 
As different from results with Smad4 ( fl / fl ) ;Amhr2-Cre mice , Smad4 depletion in preovulatory follicles did not cause premature luteinization or suppress GC proliferation; rather , it increased follicle atresia . 
In addition , Nppc and Npr2 expressions were reduced by Smad4 depletion; thus , their effect of maintaining oocyte meiotic arrest was weakened in Smad4 conditional knockout mice . 
Smad4 ( fl / fl ) ;Cyp19-Cre female mice were subfertile and had irregular estrous cycles and ovulation defects . 
Smad4 knockout also blocked luteinizing hormone ( LH ) -induced cumulus expansion and follicle rupture , but not oocyte meiotic resumption . 
Our results also indicated that SMAD4 was required for LH-stimulated activation of ERK1 / 2 and the expressions of ovulation-related genes . 
The defects arising from SMAD4 depletion could not be rescued by intra-ovarian mediators of LH actions , such as EGF-like factors and prostaglandin E2 . 
Furthermore , corpus lutea did not form in Smad4 ( fl / fl ) ;Cyp19-Cre female mice , indicating that SMAD4 was crucial for GCs terminal differentiation . 
Thus , by characterizing the ovarian phenotypes of preovulatory follicle-specific Smad4 knockout mice , we identified the developmental stage-specific functions of the canonical TGF-β signaling pathway in ovulation and luteinization . Biophysical Fragment Screening of the β1-Adrenergic Receptor : Identification of High Affinity Arylpiperazine Leads Using Structure-Based Drug Design . Alkaloid homoharringtonine inhibits polypeptide chain elongation on human ribosomes on the step of peptide bond formation . Groundnut ( Apios americana Medik ) contains a novel isoflavone , genistein-7-O-gentiobioside . 
In the present study , we examined the biological activities of an alcohol extract of groundnut containing genistein-7-O-gentiobioside as the main component . 
Although the groundnut extract by itself did not show antioxidative activity , it drove the antioxidative system in cells . 
Pretreatment of human breast carcinoma MCF-7 cells for 24 h with the groundnut extract and soybean isoflavone increased gene expression of heme oxygenase-1 ( HO-1 ) , a major antioxidative stress enzyme . 
These groundnut extract-treated cells showed antioxidative activity against free radicals derived from a radical initiator . 
Pretreatment of cells with 100 μg / mL groundnut extract prevented the depletion of glutathione by the radical initiator; however , treatment with 100 μg / mL of soybean isoflavone injured the cell membrane , indicating that glutathione might be released to the extracellular environment . 
These results suggest that the groundnut extract had isoflavone-like activity . 
Like soybean , groundnuts are a good source of isoflavones . Screening and Structural Analysis of Flavones Inhibiting Tankyrases . Cytotoxicity of a compound is determined by the intracellular concentration mediated both by passive permeability and active uptake through drug transporters . 
However , the major liver uptake transporters were either absent or expressed at significantly lower levels in human liver cell lines than in human liver . 
When comparing cytotoxicity of five statins , the organic anion transporting polypeptide 1B1 ( OATP1B1 ) expressing HEK cells showed a significantly higher sensitivity than the wild-type HEK cells . 
The IC50 shifts ranged from 9- to >100-fold , and the potency shifts collapsed in the presence of rifampicin , the inhibitor for OATPs . 
The extent of the IC50 shift correlated with the permeability of the statins with high permeable compounds having smaller shifts and low permeable compounds having larger shifts . 
The changes in statin potency in transporter transfected cells reflect the active uptake of statins into the cells and the increased intracellular drug concentration lead to increased toxicity . 
The data suggested that uptake transporters have a significant impact on the outcomes of a cell-based assay and should be considered during the early stages of compound toxicity screening in drug discovery . 
For compounds with low permeability which are likely to undergo transporter-mediated uptake , it is important to test them in transporter-competent cell models . This paper summarizes the animal and human studies with Anandron available at the time of the meeting . 
The following was demonstrated in the rat and confirmed in man : interaction of Anandron with the prostatic androgen receptor , antiandrogen activity against testosterone ( in particular against the early transient rise induced by LHRH analogs ) and adrenal androgens . 
Thus , as shown in 4 different double blind studies performed in stage D2 prostrate cancer patients , the combination of Anandron with surgical or chemical castration enhanced the beneficial effects of castration alone and thus seems a step forward in the hormonal treatment of prostatic carcinoma . The murine monoclonal antibody muromonab CD3 ( OKT3 ) is directed against the CD3 antigen on peripheral human T cells and effectively blocks all T cell function . 
Prophylaxis with muromonab CD3 ( 5mg intravenously once daily for 10 to 14 days ) as induction therapy together with corticosteroids , azathioprine and delayed cyclosporin ( sequential therapy ) optimises early graft function by delaying the potentially nephrotoxic and hepatotoxic effects of cyclosporin until graft function is established . 
Although clinical data are limited ( by inconsistencies in trial design and trial size ) , prophylactic muromonab CD3-based sequential therapy is significantly more effective than standard triple therapy in the prophylaxis of allograft rejection in renal and hepatic , but not cardiac , transplant recipients . 
Benefits are particularly notable in patients with delayed graft function . 
No significant between-treatment differences in patient survival have been observed . 
The overall efficacy of muromonab CD3- and polyclonal-based prophylactic regimens appears to be similar , although results vary between investigators and confirmation is needed . 
An anti-interleukin-2 monoclonal antibody-based prophylactic regimen improved graft and patient survival compared with muromonab CD3-based prophylaxis in hepatic transplant recipients . 
Antimuromonab CD3 antibodies may develop; however , muromonab CD3 may be successfully reused in patients with low titres . 
Preliminary pharmacoeconomic data suggest that mean drug costs are greater with quadruple immunosuppressive regimens containing muromonab CD3 , antithymocyte globulin ( ATG ) or antilymphocyte globulin ( ALG ) than with triple therapy . 
Drug costs with prophylactic muromonab CD3-based regimens were similar or greater than those with polyclonal-based protocols . 
The first doses of muromonab CD3 are associated with the 'cytokine-release syndrome' . 
More severe first-dose events include aseptic meningitis , intragraft thromboses , seizures and potentially fatal pulmonary oedema . 
The incidence and / or severity of cytomegalovirus infection with prophylactic muromonab CD3 based immunosuppression is similar to or greater than that with triple therapy and ATG- or ALG-based regimens . 
However , the risk of infection and also the observed increase in lymphoproliferative disorders appears to be related to the degree of immunosuppression rather than to the drug itself Thus , sequential muromonab CD3-based therapy is more effective than standard triple therapy ( in renal and hepatic transplant recipients ) and appears to be similar to that of polyclonal-based regimens in the prophylaxis of transplant rejection . 
Although the routine use of prophylactic muromonab CD3 in low-risk patients with primary graft function does not appear to be justified , prophylactic muromonab CD3-based therapy has a role in patients at high risk of rejection . The effects of statins on immune response depend on the inhibition of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme-A ( HMG-CoA ) reductase and leukocyte function-associated antigen ( LFA ) -1 , which is a ligand of intercellular adhesion molecule ( ICAM ) -1 . 
Simvastatin , an HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor with mild inhibition of LFA-1 , induced the production of interleukin ( IL ) -18 , tumor necrosis factor ( TNF ) -alpha and interferon ( IFN ) -gamma in human peripheral blood mononuclear cells ( PBMC ) . 
The IL-18 production is located upstream of the cytokine cascade activated by simvastatin . 
Moreover , simvastatin concentration-dependently inhibited the expression of ICAM-1 and induced the expression of CD40 on monocytes . 
In the presence of IL-18 , simvastatin suppressed the expression of ICAM-1 and CD40 as well as the production of IL-12 , TNF-alpha and IFN-gamma in PBMC , contributing to the anti-inflammatory effect of simvastatin . 
The effects of simvastatin were abolished by the addition of the product of the HMG-CoA reductase , mevalonate , indicating the involvement of HMG-CoA reductase in the action of simvastatin . Impact of lead and mercuric ions on the interleukin-2-dependent proliferation and survival of T cells . Retigabine [ N- ( 2-amino-4- [ fluorobenzylamino ] -phenyl ) carbamic acid; D-23129 ] is a novel anticonvulsant , unrelated to currently available antiepileptic agents , with activity in a broad range of seizure models . 
In the present study , we sought to determine whether retigabine could enhance current through M-like currents in PC12 cells and KCNQ2 / Q3 K ( + ) channels expressed in Chinese hamster ovary cells ( CHO-KCNQ2 / Q3 ) . 
In differentiated PC12 cells , retigabine enhanced a linopirdine-sensitive current . 
The effect of retigabine was associated with a slowing of M-like tail current deactivation in these cells . 
Retigabine ( 0 . 1 to 10 microM ) induced a potassium current and hyperpolarized CHO cells expressing KCNQ2 / Q3 cells but not in wild-type cells . 
Retigabine-induced currents in CHO-KCNQ2 / Q3 cells were inhibited by 60 . 6 + / - 11% ( n = 4 ) by the KCNQ2 / Q3 blocker , linopirdine ( 10 microM ) , and 82 . 7 + / - 5 . 4% ( n = 4 ) by BaCl ( 2 ) ( 10 mM ) . 
The mechanism by which retigabine enhanced KCNQ2 / Q3 currents involved large , drug-induced , leftward shifts in the voltage dependence of channel activation ( -33 . 1 + / - 2 . 6 mV , n = 4 , by 10 microM retigabine ) . 
Retigabine shifted the voltage dependence of channel activation with an EC ( 50 ) value of 1 . 6 + / - 0 . 3 microM ( slope factor was 1 . 2 + / - 0 . 1 , n = 4 to 5 cells per concentration ) . 
Retigabine ( 0 . 1 to 10 microM ) also slowed the rate of channel deactivation , predominantly by increasing the contribution of a slowly deactivating tail current component . 
Our findings identify KCNQ2 / Q3 channels as a molecular target for retigabine and suggest that activation of KCNQ2 / Q3 channels may be responsible for at least some of the anticonvulsant activity of this agent . Evidence for a role of dopamine and serotonin in the control of ethanol intake in animals suggests that monoamine oxidase ( MAO ) inhibitors , which increase the synaptic availability of serotonin and dopamine by blocking their metabolism , might have efficacy in the treatment of alcohol dependence . 
The aim of the present study was , therefore , to evaluate several MAO inhibitors for their capacity to affect ethanol self-administration in rats trained to self-administer ethanol ( 10% v / v ) orally in a free-choice two-lever operant task . 
The nonselective and irreversible MAO inhibitors , phenelzine ( 3-10 mg / kg ) , tranylcypromine ( 1-3 mg / kg ) , and nialamide ( 30 mg / kg ) , decreased rates of responding maintained by ethanol reinforcement . 
The reversible MAO-A inhibitor , befloxatone ( 0 . 3-3 mg / kg ) , and the irreversible MAO-A inhibitor , clorgyline ( 10-30 mg / kg ) , also reduced ethanol self-administration . 
However , befloxatone-induced effects leveled off at a 50% decrease . 
The irreversible MAO-B inhibitors , pargyline ( 30 mg / kg ) and l-deprenyl ( 3-10 mg / kg ) also decreased responding maintained by ethanol reinforcement; these results are consistent with previous findings that both drugs decreased ethanol intake in mice . 
In conclusion , the present results showing that several MAO inhibitors decreased ethanol self-administration in rats are consistent with previous findings that synaptic levels of serotonin and dopamine play a critical role in the control of ethanol self-administration . Osteoporosis is a significant health concern for the elderly; conjugated linoleic acid ( CLA ) has been shown to improve overall bone mass when calcium is included as a co-supplement . 
However , potential effects of CLA and calcium on bone mass during a period of bone loss have not been reported . 
The purpose of this study was to determine how dietary calcium modulates the effects of conjugated linoleic acid ( CLA ) in preventing bone loss , using an ovariectomised mouse model . 
CLA supplementation significantly prevented ovariectomy-associated weight and fat mass gain , compared to non-supplemented controls . 
CLA significantly increased bone markers without major changes in bone mineral composition in the femur compared to respective controls . 
CLA treatment increased serum parathyroid hormone ( PTH ) significantly ( p = 0 . 0172 ) , while serum 1 , 25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 concentration was not changed by CLA . 
Meanwhile , CLA significantly reduced femur tartrate resistant acid phosphatase ( TRAP ) activity , suggesting potential reduction of osteoclastogenesis . 
The data suggest that CLA , along with dietary calcium , has great potential to be used to prevent bone loss and weight gain associated with menopause . Novel quinolone substituted thiazolidin-4-ones as anti-inflammatory , anticancer agents : Design , synthesis and biological screening . Pharmacology of flibanserin . Considerable evidence indicates that adenosine A2A receptors ( A2ARs ) modulate cholinergic neurotransmission , nicotinic acetylcholine receptor ( nAChR ) function , and nicotine-induced behavioural effects . 
To explore the interaction between A2A and nAChRs , we examined if the complete genetic deletion of adenosine A2ARs in mice induces compensatory alterations in the binding of different nAChR subtypes , and whether the long-term effects of nicotine on nAChR regulation are altered in the absence of the A2AR gene . 
Quantitative autoradiography was used to measure cytisine-sensitive [ ( 125 ) I ] epibatidine and [ ( 125 ) I ] α-bungarotoxin binding to α4β2* and α7 nAChRs , respectively , in brain sections of drug-naïve ( n = 6 ) or nicotine treated ( n = 5-7 ) , wild-type and adenosine A2AR knockout mice . 
Saline or nicotine ( 7 . 8 mg / kg / day; free-base weight ) were administered to male CD1 mice via subcutaneous osmotic minipumps for a period of 14 days . 
Blood plasma levels of nicotine and cotinine were measured at the end of treatment . 
There were no compensatory developmental alterations in nAChR subtype distribution or density in drug-naïve A2AR knockout mice . 
In nicotine treated wild-type mice , both α4β2* and α7 nAChR binding sites were increased compared with saline treated controls . 
The genetic ablation of adenosine A2ARs prevented nicotine-induced upregulation of α7 nAChRs , without affecting α4β2* receptor upregulation . 
This selective effect was observed at plasma levels of nicotine that were within the range reported for smokers ( 10-50 ng ml ( -1 ) ) . 
Our data highlight the involvement of adenosine A2ARs in the mechanisms of nicotine-induced α7 nAChR upregulation , and identify A2ARs as novel pharmacological targets for modulating the long-term effects of nicotine on α7 receptors . The present study investigated the effect of buspirone on memory formation in an aversive learning task . 
Male Wistar rats were trained on the inhibitory avoidance task and tested for retention 1 day after training . 
They received peripheral or intra-amygdala administration of buspirone or other 5-HT1A drugs either before or after training . 
Results indicated that pretraining systemic injections of buspirone caused a dose-dependent retention deficit; 5 . 
0 mg / kg had a marked effect and 1 . 0 mg / kg had no effect . 
Post-training injections of the drug caused a time-dependent retention deficit , which was not due to a state-dependent effect on retrieval . 
When training in the inhibitory avoidance task was divided into a context-training phase and a shock-training phase , buspirone impaired retention only when administered in the shock-training phase , suggesting that the drug influenced memory processing of affective events . 
Further results indicated that post-training intra-amygdala infusion of buspirone or the 5-HT1A agonist 8-hydroxy-di-n-propylaminotetralin ( 8-OH-DPAT ) caused a time-dependent and dose-dependent retention deficit . 
Post-training intra-amygdala infusion of the 5-HT1A antagonist WAY100635 ( N- ( 2- ( 4- ( 2-methoxyphenyl ) -1-piperazinyl ) -N- ( 2-pyridyl ) cyclohexane carboxamine maleate ) attenuated the memory-impairing effects of buspirone . 
These findings suggest that buspirone may modulate memory storage processes in the inhibitory avoidance task through an action on amygdaloid 5-HT1A receptors . OBJECTIVE : To evaluate the extent of human cyclooxygenase-1 ( COX-1 ) inhibition by meloxicam , which has been reported to preferentially inhibit cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) . 
The effects of meloxicam were compared with those of diclofenac , a nonselective COX inhibitor . 
METHODS : COX-1 inhibition was determined by measuring thromboxane B2 ( TXB2 ) -generation from clotting whole blood ex vivo after single oral doses of 7 . 5 and 15 mg meloxicam and 75 mg diclofenac and at steady state ( 15 mg meloxicam daily and 150 mg diclofenac daily ) . 
The effect was expressed as percentage inhibition of serum TXB2 generation and was directly related to the serum drug concentration with use of a standard sigmoidal E ( max ) model . 
RESULTS : In terms of inhibition of TXB2 generation , diclofenac was about 1 order of magnitude more potent than meloxicam , indicated by a diclofenac EC50 ( concentration of drug required to cause 50% of maximum effect ) that was about 10 times lower than that of meloxicam ( EC50 diclofenac single doses : 37 . 50 + / -29 . 64; EC50 meloxicam single doses : 677 . 50 + / -189 . 08 ) . 
However , serum concentrations of meloxicam after administration of 15 mg were approximately 10-fold higher than those of diclofenac . 
Therefore there was no statistically significant difference in the area under the effect time curve ( P = . 115 ) and the mean effect ( P = . 424 ) between meloxicam and diclofenac . 
The EC50 of both drugs was significantly higher at steady state ( diclofenac steady state : 87 . 07 + / -55 . 24 ng / mL; meloxicam steady state : 1850 . 12 + / -829 . 93 ng / mL ) than after a single dose ( P < . 001 ) . 
CONCLUSION : These data show that meloxicam inhibits TXB2 generation at clinically relevant doses , although less potently than diclofenac . 
Thus our data suggest that the COX-2 preference of meloxicam observed in vitro may not result in clinical advantages when the higher dose of 15 mg is needed . 
Because of the increase in EC50 at steady state , COX-1 is relatively spared when the lower dose of 7 . 5 mg is administered . The interaction of 14 steroidal and nonsteroidal estrogen agonists and antagonists with the intracellular estrogen receptor system was examined in cell suspensions prepared from the testes of mice that develop malignant Leydig cell tumors after prolonged estrogen administration . 
The ability of these substances to stimulate DNA synthesis in short-term ( 3-day ) studies and to provoke Leydig cell hyperplasia with prolonged ( 3-mo ) administration was also measured . 
Our data were consistent with the proposal that , in Leydig cells , the carcinogenic effects of estrogens are mediated through the intracellular receptor complex that results in a localization of hormone bound to chromatin and nuclear matrix . 
All tested compounds displaced 17 beta- [ 3H ] estradiol from the cytosolic estrogen receptor , but to varying degrees; and there was no discernible relationship between their ability to compete for this receptor and their efficacy in stimulating DNA synthesis . 
The effect of the test compounds on the levels of estrogen receptor in cytosol and in nuclei was measured by [ 3H ] estradiol exchange . 
17 beta-Estradiol , equilin , 17 alpha-ethinylestradiol , diethylstilbestrol , hexestrol , dienestrol , coumestrol , and nafoxidine provoked a complete estrogen receptor response : acutely a decrease in the level of cytosolic estrogen receptor and an increase in the nuclear estrogen receptor . 
All of these substances acutely stimulated DNA synthesis . 
Tamoxifen , clomiphene , and nitromifene provoked a decrease in cytosolic receptor but no increase in demonstrable nuclear estrogen receptor . 
17 alpha-Estradiol , mestranol , and estriol did not significantly alter the levels of estrogen receptor in cytosol or nuclei . 
Only those substances that increased measurable nuclear estrogen receptor also acutely stimulated DNA synthesis . 
Chronic ( 3-mo ) treatment of 2-mo-old male BALB / c mice with diethylstilbestrol , 17 beta-estradiol , ethinylestradiol , and nafoxidine led to Leydig cell hyperplasia . 
Chronic mestranol treatment also provoked Leydig cell hyperplasia; this is most probably due to induction of liver metabolism of mestranol to ethinylestradiol . 
Chronic treatment with 17 alpha-estradiol , tamoxifen , and clomiphene failed to produce significant histologic al changes in the testes . 
Only chronic administration of those substances that exhibited a complete estrogen receptor response and acutely stimulated DNA synthesis produced Leydig cell hyperplasia . BACKGROUND : Theophylline and long acting beta2-agonists are bronchodilators used for the management of persistent asthma symptoms , especially nocturnal asthma . 
They represent different classes of drug with differing side-effect profiles . 
OBJECTIVES : To assess the comparative efficacy , safety and side-effects of long-acting beta-agonists and theophylline in the maintenance treatment of asthma . 
SEARCH STRATEGY : Randomised , controlled trials ( RCTs ) were identified using the Cochrane Airways Group register . 
The register was searched using the following terms : asthma and theophylline and long acting beta-agonist or formoterol or foradile or eformoterol or salmeterol or bambuterol or bitolterol . 
Titles and abstracts were then screened to identify potentially relevant studies . 
The bibliography of each RCT was searched for additional RCTs . 
Authors of identified RCTs were contacted for other relevant published and unpublished studies . 
SELECTION CRITERIA : All included studies were RCTs involving adults and children with clinical evidence of asthma . 
These studies must have compared oral sustained release and / or dose adjusted theophylline with an inhaled long-acting beta-agonist . 
DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS : Potentially relevant trials , identified by screening titles and / or abstracts , were obtained . 
Two reviewers independently assessed full text versions of these trials to decided whether the trial should be included in the review , and assessed its methodological quality . 
Where there was disagreement between reviewers , this was resolved by consensus , or reference to a third party . 
Data were extracted by two independent reviewers . 
Inter-rater reliability was assessed by simple agreement . 
Study authors were contacted to clarify randomisation methods , provide missing data , verify the data extracted and identify unpublished studies . 
Relevant pharmaceutical manufacturers were also contacted . 
MAIN RESULTS : Six trials met the inclusion criteria . 
Five used salmeterol and one , biltoterol . 
They were of varying quality . 
There was a trend for salmeterol to improve FEV1 more than theophylline in three studies and salmeterol use was associated with more symptom free nights . 
Bitolterol , used in only one study , was reported to be less effective than theophylline . 
Subjects taking salmeterol experienced fewer adverse events than those using theophylline ( Relative Risk 0 . 38; 95%Confidence Intervals 0 . 25 , 0 . 57 ) . 
Significant reductions were reported for central nervous system adverse events ( Relative Risk 0 . 51; 95%Confidence Intervals 0 . 30 , 0 . 88 ) and gastrointestinal adverse events ( Relative Risk 0 . 32; 95%Confidence Intervals 0 . 17 , 0 . 59 ) . 
REVIEWER'S CONCLUSIONS : Salmeterol may be more effective than theophylline in reducing asthma symptoms including night waking and improving lung function . 
More adverse events occurred in subjects using theophylline when compared to salmeterol . Participation of glucose transporters on atrial natriuretic peptide-induced glucose uptake by adult and neonatal cardiomyocytes under oxygenation and hypoxia . Thienorphine has been demonstrated to be a potent , long-acting partial opioid agonist . 
It is being developed as a good candidate to treat opioid dependence . 
The thienorphine's glucuronide was detected after thienorphine was incubated with human liver microsomes ( HLMs ) . 
Recombinant UGT isoforms screening experiment and enzyme kinetic study showed that UGT1A1 completely contributed to the glucuronidation of thienorphine . 
Among the tested UGT isoforms , UGT1A3 and UGT2B7 were inhibited by thienorphine , with other UGT isoforms negligibly influenced . 
The inhibition type is competitive , and inhibition kinetic parameters ( K ( i ) ) were 1 . 65 and 5 . 27 μM for UGT1A3 and UGT2B7 , respectively . 
However , due to low plasma concentration of thienorphine , in vivo drug-drug interaction might not occur . Structures of human N-Acetylglucosamine kinase in two complexes with N-Acetylglucosamine and with ADP / glucose : insights into substrate specificity and regulation . Membrane transporter proteins may influence the sensitivity of cancer cells to anticancer drugs that can be recognized as substrates . 
The purpose of this study was to identify proteins that play a key role in the drug sensitivity of stomach and breast cancer cell lines by measuring the absolute protein expression levels of multiple transporters and other membrane proteins and examining their correlation to drug sensitivity . 
Absolute protein expression levels of 90 membrane proteins were examined by quantitative targeted absolute proteomics using liquid chromatography-linked tandem mass spectrometry . 
Among them , 11 and 14 membrane proteins , including transporters , were present in quantifiable amounts in membrane fraction of stomach cancer and breast cancer cell lines , respectively . 
In stomach cancer cell lines , the protein expression level of multidrug resistance-associated protein 1 ( MRP1 ) was inversely correlated with etoposide sensitivity . 
MK571 , an MRP inhibitor , increased both the cell-to-medium ratio of etoposide and the etoposide sensitivity of MRP1-expressing stomach cancer cell lines . 
In breast cancer cell lines , the protein expression level of reduced folate carrier 1 ( RFC1 ) was directly correlated with methotrexate ( MTX ) sensitivity . 
Initial uptake rate and steady-state cell-to-medium ratio of [ ( 3 ) H ] MTX were correlated with both RFC1 expression level and MTX sensitivity . 
These results suggest that MRP1 modulates the etoposide sensitivity of stomach cancer cell lines and RFC1 modulates the MTX sensitivity of breast cancer cell lines . 
Our results indicate that absolute quantification of multiple membrane proteins could be a useful strategy for identification of candidate proteins involved in drug sensitivity . Limited availability of L-arginine increases DNA-binding activity of NF-kappaB and contributes to regulation of iNOS expression . A deficit in zinc ( Zn ) availability can increase cell oxidant production , affect the antioxidant defense system , and trigger oxidant-sensitive signals in neuronal cells . 
This work tested the hypothesis that a decreased Zn availability can affect glutathione ( GSH ) metabolism in the developing rat brain and in neuronal cells in culture , as well as the capacity of human neuroblastoma IMR-32 cells to upregulate GSH when challenged with dopamine ( DA ) . 
GSH levels were low in the brain of gestation day 19 ( GD19 ) fetuses from dams fed marginal Zn diets throughout gestation and in Zn-deficient IMR-32 cells . 
γ-Glutamylcysteine synthetase ( GCL ) , the first enzyme in the GSH synthetic pathway , was altered by Zn deficiency ( ZD ) . 
The protein and mRNA levels of the GCL modifier ( GCLM ) and catalytic ( GCLC ) subunits were lower in the Zn-deficient GD19 fetal brain and in IMR-32 cells compared with controls . 
The nuclear translocation of transcription factor nuclear factor ( erythroid-derived 2 ) -like 2 , which controls GCL transcription , was impaired by ZD . 
Posttranslationally , the caspase-3-dependent GCLC cleavage was high in Zn-deficient IMR-32 cells . 
Cells challenged with DA showed an increase in GCLM and GCLC protein and mRNA levels and a consequent increase in GSH concentration . 
Although Zn-deficient cells partially upregulated GCL subunits after exposure to DA , GSH content remained low . 
In summary , results show that a low Zn availability affects the GSH synthetic pathway in neuronal cells and fetal brain both at transcriptional and posttranslational levels . 
This can in part underlie the GSH depletion associated with ZD and the high sensitivity of Zn-deficient neurons to pro-oxidative stressors . Adult β-cell dysfunction , a hallmark of type 2 diabetes , can be programmed by adverse fetal environment . 
We have shown that fetal glucocorticoids ( GCs ) participate in this programming through inhibition of β-cell development . 
Here we have investigated the molecular mechanisms underlying this regulation . 
We showed that GCs stimulate the expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ coactivator-1α ( PGC-1α ) , a coregulator of the GCs receptor ( GR ) , and that the overexpression of PGC-1α represses genes important for β-cell development and function . 
More precisely , PGC-1α inhibited the expression of the key β-cell transcription factor pancreatic duodenal homeobox 1 ( Pdx1 ) . 
This repression required the GR and was mediated through binding of a GR / PGC-1α complex to the Pdx1 promoter . 
To explore PGC-1α function , we generated mice with inducible β-cell PGC-1α overexpression . 
Mice overexpressing PGC-1α exhibited at adult age impaired glucose tolerance associated with reduced insulin secretion , decreased β-cell mass , and β-cell hypotrophy . 
Interestingly , PGC-1α expression in fetal life only was sufficient to impair adult β-cell function whereas β-cell PGC-1α overexpression from adult age had no consequence on β-cell function . 
Altogether , our results demonstrate that the GR and PGC-1α participate in the fetal programming of adult β-cell function through inhibition of Pdx1 expression . The discovery of novel human androgen receptor antagonist chemotypes using a combined pharmacophore screening procedure . Tumor survival , growth and metastasis depend on efficient tumor cell proliferation and tumor angiogenesis , and targeting both of these processes simultaneously could prove to be therapeutically relevant . 
The RAS / RAF signaling pathway is an important mediator of tumor cell proliferation , and angiogenesis and is often aberrantly activated in human tumors due to the presence of activated Ras or mutant B-Raf , or elevation of growth factor receptors . 
Sorafenib , which belongs chemically to a class that can be described as bis-aryl ureas , was selected for further pharmacologic characterization based on potent inhibition of Raf-1 and its favorable kinase selectivity profile . 
Further characterization showed that sorafenib suppresses both wild-type and V599E mutant B-Raf activity in vitro . 
In addition , sorafenib demonstrated significant activity against several receptor tyrosine kinases involved in neovascularization and tumor progression , including vascular-endothelial growth factor ( VEGFR ) -2 , VEGFR-3 , platelet-derived growth factor ( PDGFR ) -beta Flt-3 , and c-KIT . 
Preclinically , sorafenib showed broad-spectrum antitumor activity in colon , breast and non-small-cell lung cancer xenograft models . 
A total of four phase I studies using oral sorafenib as a single agent have been completed , and the compound showed a favorable safety profile with mild to moderate diarrhea being the most common treatment-related adverse event . 
The maximum tolerated dose was 400 mg b . 
i . 
d . 
continuous . 
Single-agent phase II trials reported so far demonstrated antitumor activity of sorafenib in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma , sarcoma and renal cell cancer ( RCC ) . 
Based on phase II results in RCC patients , a placebo-controlled phase III study was performed , which randomized a total of 905 patients , most of whom were treated previously . 
The partial response rate was 2% for sorafenib and 0% for placebo . 
Stable disease was observed in 78% and 55% of patients on sorafenib and placebo , respectively . 
Sorafenib significantly prolonged median progression-free survival ( 24 weeks ) compared with placebo ( 12 weeks ) in all subsets of patients evaluated . 
Approval of sorafenib by the U . 
S . 
Food and Drug Administration for this indication is pending . 
A first-line phase III study in RCC as well as phase III studies in hepatocellular carcinoma and metastatic melanoma have been initiated . In-vivo assessment of 5-HT2A and 5-HT2C antagonistic properties of newer antipsychotics . The goal of this study was to explore the impact of 2-deoxglucose or malonate individually or in combination on the level of cell energy ( adenosine-5'-triphosphate ) and oxidative stress in 7 , 12-dimethylbenz ( a ) anthracene ( DMBA ) -induced mammary proliferation in rats . 
A total of 60 adult female Sprague Dawley rats were randomly divided into five groups ( 12 rats each ) : group I serves as the control group . 
Rats in groups ( II-V ) were administrated intragastrically a single dose of 50 mg / kg body weight ( bw ) of DMBA . 
A day after DMBA administration , rats in group III were injected intraperitoneally ( ip ) with 100 mg 2-deoxyglucose ( 2-DG ) / kg bw daily . 
Rats in group IV were injected ip with 10 mg sodium malonate / kg bw daily . 
Rats in group V were injected ip with 100 mg 2-DG / kg bw and 10 mg sodium malonate / kg bw ( treatment for 90 days ) . 
The results obtained showed that DMBA induced oxidative stress by decreasing the activities of glutathione reductase ( GRase ) and superoxide dismutase ( SOD ) , glutathione peroxidase ( GPx ) and elevating the levels of malondialdehyde ( MDA ) and nitric oxide ( NO ) in mammary tissues when compared with control . 
The combined treatment protected against the previous deleterious changes by a significant elevation in the activities of GRase and SOD , GPx and lowering the levels of MDA and NO more potentially when compared with individual treatment . 
Apoptosis , as indicated by a significant release of cytochrome c from mitochondria into the cytosol , observed in DMBA-injected rats was positively significantly correlated with the elevation of the level of NO . 
These data explained the possible additive effect of 2-DG and malonate by depleting the cell energy by their protective effects against the earlier stages of carcinogenesis . Mastocytosis is associated with an activating mutation in the KIT oncoprotein ( KITD816V ) that results in autophosphorylation of the KIT receptor in a ligand-independent manner . 
This mutation is inherently resistant to imatinib and , to date , there remains no effective curative therapy for systemic mastocytosis associated with KITD816V . 
Dasatinib ( BMS-354825 ) is a novel orally bioavailable SRC / ABL inhibitor that has activity against multiple imatinib-resistant BCR-ABL isoforms in vitro that is presently showing considerable promise in early-phase clinical trials of chronic myeloid leukemia ( CML ) . 
Pharmacokinetic analysis suggests that high nanomolar concentrations of dasatinib can be achieved safely in humans . 
In this study , we demonstrate significant inhibitory activity of dasatinib against both wild-type KIT and the KITD816V mutation in the nanomolar range in in vitro and cell-based kinase assays . 
Additionally , dasatinib leads to growth inhibition of a KITD816V-harboring human masto-cytosis cell line . 
Significantly , dasatinib selectively kills primary neoplastic bone marrow mast cells from patients with systemic mastocytosis while sparing other hematopoietic cells . 
Computer modeling suggests that the KITD816V mutation destabilizes the inactive conformation of the KIT activation loop to which imatinib binds , but it is not predicted to impair binding of KIT by dasatinib . 
Based upon our results , further evaluation of dasatinib for the treatment of systemic masto-cytosis in clinical trials is warranted . 
Moreover , dasatinib may be of clinical utility in other disease settings driven by activating KIT mutations . PURPOSE : Trifluorothymidine ( TFT ) is a fluoropyrimidine that is part of the novel combination metabolite TAS-102 , in which TFT is combined with a potent thymidine phosphorylase inhibitor ( TPI ) . 
TAS-102 is currently tested as an orally chemotherapeutic agent in different schedules in a phase I study . 
In its monophosphate form , TFT can inhibit thymidylate synthase ( TS ) activity after binding to the TS-nucleotide binding site leading to dTTP depletion , and in its triphosphate form TFT is incorporated into DNA , eventually leading to DNA damage . 
In this in vitro study , we investigated whether TFT could potentiate cytotoxicity of the antifolate-based TS inhibitors AG337 ( Nolatrexed ) , ZD1694 ( Raltitrexed ) and GW1843; and whether increased TS inhibition or DNA damage would be related to this result . 
METHODS : The drug combinations were studied in colon cancer cell lines either grown at low or high folate conditions . 
Multiple drug effect analysis was performed after measuring growth inhibition when the drugs were combined ( MTT Assay ) and expressed as Combination Index ( CI ) , where CI<0 . 9 indicates synergism , CI = 0 . 9-1 . 1 indicates additivity and CI>1 . 1 indicates antagonism . 
Drug target analysis was performed using the TS in situ inhibition assay and the FADU DNA-damage assay . 
Cells were exposed to either the drugs alone or in combination to determine the effect on TS activity and DNA damage induction , respectively . 
RESULTS : Three experimental procedures were used to test the interaction of the drugs : either one of the drugs was kept at a constant concentration ( IC25 ) or two drugs were added in a 1 : 1 IC50-based molar ratio . 
The combinations of TFT with one of the antifolates in which one of the drugs was kept at a constant concentration were synergistic for all antifolates in WiDr / F cells , which grow in low folate medium ( CI = 0 . 6-0 . 8 ) , but only additive to antagonistic for the cell lines growing in high folate medium : TFT-AG337 : CI = 0 . 9-2 . 3; TFT-ZD1694 : CI = 0 . 9-1 . 3; TFT-GW1843 : CI = 0 . 8-1 . 7 . 
The procedure in which the two drugs were added in a 1 : 1 IC50-based molar ratio showed antagonism for all three combinations in all cell lines ( CI>2 . 7 ) . 
TS inhibition ( 14 . 3% ) and DNA damage ( 8% ) were more pronounced than expected ( P<0 . 05 ) when TFT was combined with GW1843 in WiDr / F cells , in contrast to AG337 and ZD1694 , which showed inhibiting effects as expected ( additive ) . 
CONCLUSIONS : The combination of TFT with the antifolates AG337 , ZD1694 and GW1843 is mainly additive when the drugs are given simultaneously and this is mediated by an additive TS inhibition and DNA damage . 
The drug interaction may partly be dependent on the folate homeostasis since WiDr / F cells growing at low folate conditions show pronounced synergism in growth inhibition , two-sided TS inhibition and DNA damage , especially when TFT is combined with the tight-binding TS inhibitor GW1843 . Clinical , biochemical and molecular diagnosis of a compound homozygote for the 254 bp deletion-8 bp insertion of the APRT gene suffering from severe renal failure . Characterization of the head-twitch response induced by hallucinogens in mice : Detection of the behavior based on the dynamics of head movement . Cholinergic modulation by opioid receptor ligands : potential application to Alzheimer's disease . Adenylosuccinate synthetase ( AdSS ) catalyses the Mg ( 2 + ) dependent formation of adenylosuccinate from IMP and aspartate , the reaction being driven by the hydrolysis of GTP to GDP . 
All characterized AdSS thus far exhibit a random kinetic mechanism . 
We present here kinetic evidence that unlike all other AdSS , Plasmodium falciparum AdSS ( PfAdSS ) has ordered substrate binding . 
Inhibition studies show that binding of GTP requires IMP binding while aspartate binds to the enzyme-IMP-GTP complex . 
A structural basis for this difference in mechanism is presented . 
Kinetically , PfAdSS is closer to the mouse acidic isozyme rather than to the mouse basic isozyme . 
The mouse acidic isozyme is thought to play a role in the purine nucleotide biosynthetic pathway . 
Regulation of PfAdSS in vivo can therefore , be expected to be similar to the mouse acidic isozyme , in agreement with the role of PfAdSS as the only pathway for the synthesis of adenine nucleotides in the parasite . 
However , PfAdSS differs from both the mammalian homologs in that fructose-1 , 6-bisphosphate , a potent inhibitor of the mammalian enzyme , is an activator of PfAdSS . 
The differences highlighted here are promising in terms of species-specific drug design , targeting this essential enzyme in the parasite . Effects of arsenite in astrocytes on neuronal signaling transduction . Ramelteon [ TAK 375 ] is a melatonin ( MT1 / MT2 ) receptor agonist that is being developed by Takeda as a treatment for sleep disorders . 
It is undergoing regulatory review in the US , phase III trials in Europe , and phase II trials in Japan for the treatment of insomnia . 
Phase II trials are also being conducted in the US for the treatment of circadian rhythm sleep disordersIn September 2004 , Takeda submitted an NDA to the US FDA for ramelteon for the treatment of insomnia . 
In May 2003 , data presented at the 156th Annual Meeting of the American Psychiatric Association report that ramelteon is highly selective for the MT1 receptor , and has greater affinity , selectivity and potency than melatonin . 1 . 
We have studied the alpha 1-adrenoceptor subtypes mediating inotropic effects of adrenaline in rat right ventricle and the Ca2 + sources used to elicit these effects . 
alpha 1A-Adrenoceptor-mediated contractile effects in rat vas deferens were studied for comparison in some cases . 
2 . 
Treatment with chloroethylclonidine did not affect the maximal beta-adrenoceptor-mediated inotropic effects in rat right ventricle or the maximal alpha 1A-adrenoceptor-mediated contractile effects in rat vas deferens; it did not alter the potency of isoprenaline in the ventricle and reduced the potency of the alpha-adrenoceptor antagonists in vas deferens only slightly . 
Treatment of right ventricular strips with CdCl2 markedly reduced resting tension and enhanced maximal inotropic effects of isoprenaline but did not affect its potency . 
3 . 
Inactivation of cardiac alpha 1B-adrenoceptors by treatment with chloroethylclonidine slightly enhanced the maximal inotropic effects of the full agonist , adrenaline and of several partial agonists . 
4 . 
Schild analysis of inhibition experiments with the alpha 1A-adrenoceptor-selective antagonists , 5-methyl-urapidil and ( + / - ) -tamsulosin , demonstrated that adrenaline causes its inotropic effects mainly via the alpha 1B-adrenoceptor subtype . 
Schild analysis of 5-methyl-urapidil inhibition experiments in chloroethylclonidine-treated ventricles indicated that only alpha 1A-adrenoceptors mediate the inotropic effects of adrenaline following inactivation of the alpha 1B-adrenoceptors . 
5 . 
In control ventricles the organic Ca2 + entry blocker , nitrendipine and treatment with the inorganic Ca2 + entry blocker , CdCl2 did not reduce inotropic effects of adrenaline whereas ryanodine treatment inhibited them . 
In contrast , nitrendipine and CdCl2 treatment had major inhibitory effects in chloroethylclonidine-treated but lacked inhibitory effects in phenoxybenzamine-treated ventricular strips . 
6 . 
We conclude that inotropic effects of adrenaline in rat heart are mediated mainly by alpha 1B-adrenoceptors via release of Ca2 + from an intracellular pool . 
Following inactivation of alpha 1B-adrenoceptors by chloroethylclonidine treatment , alpha lA-adrenoceptors can fully compensate and mediate inotropic effects by promoting influx of extracellular Ca2 + at least partly via voltage-operated channels . 
Therefore , we speculate that alpha 1B-adrenoceptors exert a tonic inhibitory effect on alpha 1A-adrenoceptors . The deposition of β-amyloid ( Aβ ) in neurons and vascular cells of the brain has been characterized in Alzheimer's disease . 
Ginsenoside Rg1 ( Rg1 ) is an active components in Panax ginseng , a famous traditional Chinese medicines recorded in Compendium of Materia Medica . 
Present study attempted to evaluate the potential mechanisms of Aβ-mediated insult and the protective effects of Rg1 on human endothelial cells . 
Rg1 attenuated the Aβ25-35-associated mitochondrial apoptotic events , accompanied by inhibiting HIF-1α expression followed by intracellular reactive nitrogen species generation , and protein nitrotyrosination . 
These protective effects were abolished by glucocorticoid receptor ( GR ) antagonist RU486 or p-ERK inhibitor U0126 rather than estrogen receptor α antagonist ICI 82 , 780 . 
Taken together , our results suggested that Rg1 protected against Aβ25-35-induced apoptosis at least in part by two complementary GR-dependent ERK phosphorylation pathways : ( 1 ) down-regulating HIF-1α initiated protein nitrotyrosination , and ( 2 ) inhibiting mitochondrial apoptotic cascades . 
These data provided a novel insight to the mechanisms of Rg1protective effects on Aβ25-35-induced endothelial cells apoptosis , suggesting that GR-ERK signaling pathway might play an important role in it . Amsacrine and etoposide hypersensitivity of yeast cells overexpressing DNA topoisomerase II . To clarify if the behavioral interaction between ethanol and adenosine reported previously occur centrally or due to a peripheral hemodynamic change , the effect of i . 
c . 
v . 
adenosine agonists , N6- ( R-phenylisopropyl ) adenosine ( R-PIA ) , N6- ( S-phenylisopropyl ) adenosine , 5'- ( N-cyclopropyl ) -carboxamidoadenosine , antagonists , theophylline and 8-p- ( sulfophenyl ) theophylline as well as enprofylline on ethanol- ( i . 
p . 
) -induced motor incoordination was evaluated by rotorod . 
Adenosine agonists and antagonists dose dependently accentuated and attenuated , respectively , ethanol-induced motor incoordination , thereby suggesting a central mechanism of adenosine modulation of this effect of ethanol and confirmed our previous reports in which adenosine agonists and antagonists were given i . 
p . 
Enprofylline , a weak adenosine antagonist but potent inhibitor of cyclic AMP phosphodiesterase , did not alter ethanol's motor incoordination , further supporting involvement of brain adenosine receptor mechanism ( s ) in ethanol-adenosine interactions . 
Results from R-PIA and N6- ( S-phenylisopropyl ) adenosine experiments showed nearly a 40-fold greater potency of R-vs . 
S-diastereoisomer , suggesting predominance of adenosine A1 subtype . 
However , 5'- ( N-cyclopropyl ) -carboxamidoadenosine data indicate complexity of the mechanism ( s ) and point toward an additional involvement of a yet unknown subtype of adenosine A2 . 
No effect of ethanol on blood or brain levels of [ 3H ] R-PIA was noted and sufficient amount of the latter entered the brain to suggest adenosine receptor activation adequate to produce behavioral interaction with ethanol . 
There was no escape of i . 
c . 
v . 
-administered [ 3H ] R-PIA from brain to the peripheral circulation ruling out a peripheral and supporting a central mechanism of ethanol-adenosine interaction . 
( ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS ) Graphene-Bonded and -Encapsulated Si Nanoparticles for Lithium Ion Battery Anodes . FINDSITE ( comb ) : a threading / structure-based , proteomic-scale virtual ligand screening approach . BACKGROUND : The effects of histamine H1 antagonist chlorcyclizine on rat palate development were characterized following in utero exposure . 
METHODS : To identify the optimum dose for inducing cleft palate , pregnant rats were administered 30 , 60 , or 90 mg / kg chlorcyclizine on Gestation Days 11 to 14 . 
Fetal palate gene expression was also assessed after 90 mg / kg chlorcyclizine at 8 , 15 and 30 hours post-dose on Gestation Day 14 using microarray and qRT-PCR . 
RESULTS : Rats in the 60- and 90-mg / kg groups exhibited adverse clinical signs and body weight loss . 
Rats in the 90-mg / kg group also demonstrated increases in late resorptions and decreases in fetal weight . 
Effects in the low-dose group were limited to decreases in body weight gain . 
Fetal assessment on Gestation Day 21 revealed that findings were limited to the 60- and 90-mg / kg groups , and included cleft palate ( 80% of litters for both groups ) , high arched palate , small nose , micrognathia , high domed head , digits shortened / absent and small limb . 
The fetal incidence of cleft palate was higher at 90 mg / kg , thus this dose was selected to assess palate gene expression . 
The altered genes associated with chlorcyclizine-induced cleft palate included Wnt5a , Bmp2 , Bmp4 , Fgf10 , Fgfr2 , Msx1 , and Insig1 but the magnitude of the change was relatively small ( 1 . 5- to 2-fold ) . 
CONCLUSIONS : Expression of several genes involved in palate , limb and digit development was altered in the fetal palate following in utero exposure to chlorcyclizine . 
The subtle perturbation and interplay of these genes may have profound effects on the dynamics of fetal palate development . Endogenously produced asymmetrically methylated arginine residues are competitive inhibitors of all three isoforms of nitric oxide synthase ( NOS ) . 
The enzyme dimethylarginine dimethylaminohydrolase ( DDAH ) specifically hydrolyzes these asymmetrically methylated arginine residues to citrulline and methylamines . 
Previously we have proposed that regulation of asymmetric methylarginine concentration by DDAH may provide a novel mechanism for the regulation of NOS activity in vivo . 
Recently we reported the cloning of human DDAH and identified a novel human DDAH isoform ( DDAH I and DDAH II , respectively ) . 
Here we report that the DDAH1 gene maps to chromosome 1p22 and confirm that DDAH2 maps to the MHC III region of chromosome 6p21 . 3 . 
Extensive analysis of the distribution of DDAH1 and DDAH2 mRNA in 50 human tissues indicates differential expression of DDAH isoforms in brain regions , in immune cells , and during development . 
DDAH2 expression predominates in highly vascularized tissues that express the endothelial NOS isoform and in immune tissues that can express iNOS . 
Whereas DDAH2 is expressed at relatively high levels in all fetal tissues examined , DDAH1 expression varies little between fetal and adult tissues . 
The chromosomal localization of the DDAHs is consistent with gene duplication , and consistent with this , comparison of the gene structures indicates that the intron / exon organization is highly conserved . 
Phylogenetic analysis of DDAH sequences from diverse species suggests that DDAH gene duplication occurred prior to the emergence of bony fish some 400 million years ago . 
Overall the data suggest that DDAH2 may be the more ancient of the two genes . Proteins in the B cell CLL / lymphoma 2 ( BCL-2 ) family are key regulators of the apoptotic process . 
This family comprises proapoptotic and prosurvival proteins , and shifting the balance toward the latter is an established mechanism whereby cancer cells evade apoptosis . 
The therapeutic potential of directly inhibiting prosurvival proteins was unveiled with the development of navitoclax , a selective inhibitor of both BCL-2 and BCL-2-like 1 ( BCL-X ( L ) ) , which has shown clinical efficacy in some BCL-2-dependent hematological cancers . 
However , concomitant on-target thrombocytopenia caused by BCL-X ( L ) inhibition limits the efficacy achievable with this agent . 
Here we report the re-engineering of navitoclax to create a highly potent , orally bioavailable and BCL-2-selective inhibitor , ABT-199 . 
This compound inhibits the growth of BCL-2-dependent tumors in vivo and spares human platelets . 
A single dose of ABT-199 in three patients with refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia resulted in tumor lysis within 24 h . 
These data indicate that selective pharmacological inhibition of BCL-2 shows promise for the treatment of BCL-2-dependent hematological cancers . RDH12 has been suggested to be one of the retinol dehydrogenases ( RDH ) involved in the vitamin A recycling system ( visual cycle ) in the eye . 
Loss of function mutations in the RDH12 gene were recently reported to be associated with autosomal recessive childhood-onset severe retinal dystrophy . 
Here we show that RDH12 localizes to the photoreceptor inner segments and that deletion of this gene in mice slows the kinetics of all-trans-retinal reduction , delaying dark adaptation . 
However , accelerated 11-cis-retinal production and increased susceptibility to light-induced photoreceptor apoptosis were also observed in Rdh12 ( - / - ) mice , suggesting that RDH12 plays a unique , nonredundant role in the photoreceptor inner segments to regulate the flow of retinoids in the eye . 
Thus , severe visual impairments of individuals with null mutations in RDH12 may likely be caused by light damage ( 1 ) . In the present study , we prepared an inclusion complex of methotrexate ( MTX ) with β-cyclodextrin ( β-CD ) in order to decrease its photosensitivity and enhance its aqueous solubility . 
Then we incorporated this inclusion complex in a self-microemulsifying drug delivery system ( SMEDDS ) overall to increase its oral bioavailability . 
The inclusion complex has been prepared by freeze drying method and characterized by differential scanning calorimetry ( DSC ) , ultraviolet ( UV ) , and infrared ( IR ) spectroscopy assays . 
The proper molecular ratio of MTX / β-CD was found to be of 1 : 7 , and the water-solubility of MTX was increased in an average of 10-fold . 
The photostability studies showed that the MTX became stable on exposure to light . 
Construction of pseudoternary diagrams were investigated to prepare a MTX / β-CD inclusion complex loaded SMEDDS which was characterized by measuring the particle size and the zeta-potential . 
The optimum formulation of SMEDDS was a system consisting of ethyl oleate , tween 80 , and propylene glycol with a mean droplet size of 39 . 42 nm . 
In vitro drug release in different pH media showed that the release profile of MTX from the MTX / β-CD loaded SMEDDS was influenced by the pH of the release medium and presented the characteristics of a sustained release profile . 
Finally , in-vivo studies showed an enhancement of the bioavailability of MTX from the MTX / β-CD loaded SMEDDS form of 1 . 57-fold . 
We concluded that the β-CD inclusion complex loaded SMEDDS improved the chemical and physiological properties of MTX and could be a promising means for the delivery of MTX and other unstable and lipophilic drugs by oral route . The crystallographic structure of human coagulation factor VIIa / tissue factor complex bound with calcium ions was used to model the solution structure of the light chain of factor VIIa ( residues 1-142 ) in the absence of tissue factor . 
The Amber force field in conjunction with the particle mesh Ewald summation method to accommodate long-range electrostatic interactions was used in the trajectory calculations . 
The estimated TF-free solution structure was then compared with the crystal structure of factor VIIa / tissue factor complex to estimate the restructuring of factor VIIa due to tissue factor binding . 
The solution structure of the light chain of factor VIIa in the absence of tissue factor is predicted to be an extended domain structure similar to that of the tissue factor-bound crystal . 
Removal of the EGF1-bound calcium ion is shown by simulation to lead to minor structural changes within the EGF1 domain , but also leads to substantial relative reorientation of the Gla and EGF1 domains . Peyer's patch-mediated intestinal immune system modulating activity of pectic-type polysaccharide from peel of Citrus unshiu . The broad-spectrum anti-emetic activity of AS-8112 , a novel dopamine D2 , D3 and 5-HT3 receptors antagonist . Cis-silencing of PIP5K1B evidenced in Friedreich's ataxia patient cells results in cytoskeleton anomalies . OBJECTIVES : Significant variability in the efficacy and toxicity of an anticancer drug is observed in cancer patients . 
Currently , there are no standard tools for prediction of a patient's tumor response or his risk of adverse events to chemotherapy . 
METHODS : We investigate an association between polymorphisms of gemcitabine metabolism-related genes and its chemosensitivity in vitro using 62 human cancer cell lines of various origins . 
Polymorphisms of gemcitabine metabolism-related genes of deoxycytidine monophosphate deaminase ( DCTD ) , deoxycytidine kinase ( DCK ) and ribonucleotide reductase M1 ( RRM1 ) were evaluated using the CEQ8000 Genetic analysis system and GeneDoc software . 
Chemosensitivity of gemcitabine was expressed as an IC50 using MTT assay . 
RESULTS : The frequency of the polymorphisms was 21% in DCTD 315T>C , 45 . 2% in RRM1 1082C>A , 59 . 7% in RRM1 2455A>G , and 79% in RRM1 2464G>A . 
When examining the association between these polymorphisms and IC50 , only the RRM1 2464G>A showed the tendency to be more chemosensitive to gemcitabine ( P = 0 . 011 ) , and haplotypes containing 2464G>A polymorphism also showed the association with chemosensitivity when compared to wild-type RRM1 ( G2464G ) . 
We could not see the significant differences of mRNA expression level with real-time PCR between cell lines according to G2464A polymorphism . 
In oligonucleotide microarray 73 GenBank Accession Number ( 69 genes ) were selected which expressed differently between RRM1 wild-type and the G2464A polymorphism . 
CONCLUSIONS : RRM1 2464G>A polymorphism demonstrated an association with gemcitabine sensitivity , which needs functional studies with co-expressing genes and prospective clinical studies for the clinical application as a predictive bio-marker . Substituted 7-Amino-5-thio-thiazolo [ 4 , 5-d ] pyrimidines as Potent and Selective Antagonists of the Fractalkine Receptor ( CX3CR1 ) . Three-Dimensional CdS-Titanate Composite Nanomaterials for Enhanced Visible-Light-Driven Hydrogen Evolution . Previously , we reported that l-glutamic acid decarboxylase isoform 65 ( GAD65 ) could be cleaved in vitro to release a stable truncated form which lacks amino acid 1-69 from the N-terminus , GAD65 ( Delta1-69 ) . 
However , whether such a truncated form is also present under certain physiological conditions remains elusive . 
In the present study , we showed that , upon sustained neuronal stimulation , GAD65 could be cleaved into a truncated form in a rat synaptosomal preparation . 
This truncated form had similar electrophoretic mobility to purified recombinant human GAD65 ( Delta1-69 ) . 
Furthermore , we demonstrated that this conversion was calcium dependent . 
Calcium-chelating reagents such as EDTA and 1 , 2-bis- ( o-aminphenoxy ) -ethane-N , N , N' , N'-tetra-acetic acid tetra-acetoxy-methyl ester prevented the cleavage of GAD65 . 
In addition , our data suggested that calpain , a calcium-dependent cysteine protease , is activated upon neuronal stimulation and could be responsible for the conversion of full-length GAD65 to truncated GAD65 in the brain . 
Moreover , calpain inhibitors such as calpain inhibitor I or calpastatin could block the cleavage . 
Results of our in vitro cleavage assay using purified calpain and immunopurified rat GAD65 also supported the idea that GAD65 could be directly cleaved by calpain . In the present study , we have investigated the analgesic effect of the aqueous extract of the root of Glycine tomentella ( AGT ) using models of acetic acid-induced writhing response and formalin test , the anti-inflammatory effect of AGT using model of lambda-carrageenan-induced paw edema . 
In order to investigate the anti-inflammatory mechanism of AGT , we have detected the activities of glutathione peroxidase ( GPx ) and glutathione reductase ( GRx ) in the liver and the levels of malondialdehyde ( MDA ) and NO in the edema paw . 
In the analgesic test , AGT ( 0 . 5 and 1 . 0 g / kg ) decreased the acetic acid-induced writhing response and the licking time on the late phase in the formalin test . 
In the anti-inflammatory test , AGT ( 0 . 5 and 1 . 0 g / kg ) decreased the paw edema at the third , fourth , fifth and sixth hour after lambda-carrageenan administration , and increased the activities of SOD , GPx and GRx in the liver tissue and decreased the MDA level in the edema paw at the third hour after lambda-carrageenan injection . 
However , AGT could not affect the NO level which induced by lambda-carrageenan . 
These results suggested that AGT possessed analgesic and anti-inflammatory effects . 
The anti-inflammatory mechanism of AGT might be related to the decrease in the level of MDA in the edema paw via increasing the activities of SOD , GPx and GRx in the liver . Oxysterols in cancer cell proliferation and death . The potent histamine H ( 1 ) -receptor antagonist cetirizine ( Zyrtec ) is a racemic mixture of levocetirizine ( now available under the trademark Xyzal and dextrocetirizine . 
In this Commentary , we examine some biological properties of cetirizine and levocetirizine , namely enantioselectivity in pharmacological activity and pharmacokinetic properties , with emphasis on the possibility of racemization , the compared behavior of the two enantiomers , and the potential for interactions with other drugs . 
Recent data demonstrate that the antihistaminergic activity of the racemate is primarily due to levocetirizine . 
Levocetirizine is rapidly and extensively absorbed , poorly metabolized , and not subject to racemization . 
Its pharmacokinetic characteristics are comparable after administration alone or in the racemate . 
Its apparent volume of distribution is smaller than that of dextrocetirizine ( 0 . 41 L kg ( -1 ) vs . 
0 . 60 L kg ( -1 ) ) . 
Moreover , the non-renal ( mostly hepatic ) clearance of levocetirizine is also significantly lower than that of dextrocetirizine ( 11 . 8 mL min ( -1 ) vs . 
29 . 2 mL min ( -1 ) ) . 
Our conclusion is that levocetirizine is indeed the eutomer of cetirizine . 
The evidence reviewed here confirms preclinical findings and offers a rationale for the chiral switch from the racemate to levocetirizine . Cisplatin ( cDDP ) is an anti-cancer drug used in a number of malignancies including testicular , ovarian , cervical , bladder , lung , head , and neck cancers . 
Its use is limited by the development of resistance , often rationalized via effects on cellular uptake . 
It has been claimed that hCTR1 , the human high affinity copper transporter , is the major entry pathway for cDDP and related drugs via a mechanism that mimics copper . 
This is an unexpected property of hCTR1 , a highly selective copper ( I ) transporter . 
We compared the uptake rates of copper with cDDP ( and several analogs ) into HEK293 cells over-expressing wild-type or mutant hCTR1 , mouse embryonic fibroblasts ( mefs ) that do or do not express CTR1 , and human ovarian tumor cells , sensitive or resistant to cDDP . 
We have also compared the effects of extracellular copper , which causes regulatory endocytosis of hCTR1 , to those of cDDP . 
We confirm the correlation between higher hCTR1 levels and higher Pt-drug uptake in tumor cells sensitive to the drug . 
However , we show that hCTR1 is not the major entry route of platinum-drugs and that the copper transporter is not internalized in response to extracellular drug . 
Our data suggest the major entry pathway for platinum-drugs is not saturable at relevant concentrations and not protein-mediated . 
Clinical trials have been initiated that depend upon regulating membrane levels of hCTR1 . 
If reduced drug uptake is a major factor in resistance , hCTR1 is unlikely to be a productive target in attempts to enhance efficacy , although the proteins involved in copper homeostasis may play a role . Global gene expression analysis reveals pathway differences between teratogenic and non-teratogenic exposure concentrations of bisphenol A and 17β-estradiol in embryonic zebrafish . Krüppel-like Factor 3 ( KLF3 ) is a transcriptional regulator that we have shown to be involved in the regulation of adipogenesis in vitro . 
Here we report that KLF3 null mice are lean and protected from diet-induced obesity and glucose intolerance . 
On a chow diet , plasma levels of leptin are decreased , and adiponectin is increased . 
Despite significant reductions in body weight and adiposity , wildtype and knockout animals show equivalent energy intake , expenditure and excretion . 
To investigate the molecular events underlying these observations , we used microarray analysis to compare gene expression in Klf3 ( + / + ) and Klf3 ( - / - ) tissues . 
We found that mRNA expression of Fam132a , which encodes a newly identified insulin-sensitizing adipokine , adipolin , is significantly upregulated in the absence of KLF3 . 
We confirmed that KLF3 binds the Fam132a promoter in vitro and in vivo and that this leads to repression of promoter activity . 
Further , plasma adipolin levels were significantly increased in Klf3 ( - / - ) mice compared to wild-type littermates . 
Boosting levels of adipolin via targeting of KLF3 offers a novel potential therapeutic strategy for the treatment of insulin resistance . Static Laue diffraction studies on acetylcholinesterase . The orphan nuclear receptor estrogen-related receptor alpha ( ERRα ) directs the transcription of nuclear genes involved in energy homeostasis control and the regulation of mitochondrial mass and function . 
A crucial role for controlling ERRα-mediated target gene expression has been ascribed to the biarylpyrazole compound 1- ( 2 , 4-dichlorophenyl ) -5- ( 4-iodophenyl ) -4-methyl-N-1-piperidinyl-1H-pyrazole-3-carboxamide ( AM251 ) through direct binding to and destabilization of ERRα protein . 
Here , we provide evidence that structurally related AM251 analogs also have negative impacts on ERRα protein levels in a cell-type-dependent manner while having no deleterious actions on ERRγ . 
We show that these off-target cellular effects of AM251 are mediated by proteasomal degradation of nuclear ERRα . 
Cell treatment with the nuclear export inhibitor leptomycin B did not prevent AM251-induced destabilization of ERRα protein , whereas proteasome inhibition with MG132 stabilized and maintained its DNA-binding function , indicative of ERRα being a target of nuclear proteasomal complexes . 
NativePAGE analysis revealed that ERRα formed a ∼220-kDa multiprotein nuclear complex that was devoid of ERRγ and the coregulator peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ coactivator-1 . 
AM251 induced SUMO-2 , 3 incorporation in ERRα in conjunction with increased protein kinase C activity , whose activation by phorbol ester also promoted ERRα protein loss . 
Down-regulation of ERRα by AM251 or small interfering RNA led to increased mitochondria biogenesis while negatively impacting mitochondrial membrane potential . 
These results reveal a novel molecular mechanism by which AM251 and related compounds alter mitochondrial physiology through destabilization of ERRα . [ Effects of thrombolysis and anticoagulation on the functions of vascular endothelial cells and coagulation and fibrinolysis in patients with pulmonary thromboembolism ] . Molecular aspects of cyclophilins mediating therapeutic actions of their ligands . Atom-thick materials such as single-walled carbon nanotubes ( SWCNTs ) and graphene exhibit ultrahigh sensitivity to chemical perturbation partly because all of the constituent atoms are surface atoms . 
However , low selectivity due to nonspecific binding on the graphitic surface is a challenging issue to many applications including chemical sensing . 
Here , we demonstrated simultaneous attainment of high sensitivity and selectivity in thin-film field effect transistors ( TFTs ) based on outer-wall selectively functionalized double-walled carbon nanotubes ( DWCNTs ) . 
With carboxylic acid functionalized DWCNT TFTs , we obtained excellent gate modulation ( on / off ratio as high as 4000 ) with relatively high ON currents at a CNT areal density as low as 35 ng / cm ( 2 ) . 
The devices displayed an NH ( 3 ) sensitivity of 60 nM ( or ~1 ppb ) , which is comparable to small molecule aqueous solution detection using state-of-the-art SWCNT TFT sensors while concomitantly achieving 6000 times higher chemical selectivity toward a variety of amine-containing analyte molecules over that of other small molecules . 
These results highlight the potential of using covalently functionalized double-walled carbon nanotubes for simultaneous ultrahigh selective and sensitive detection of chemicals and illustrate some of the structural advantages of this double-wall materials strategy to nanoelectronics . Cysteine dioxygenase ( CDO ) catalyzes the oxidation of l-cysteine to cysteine sulfinic acid . 
Deficiencies in this enzyme have been linked to autoimmune diseases and neurological disorders . 
The x-ray crystal structure of CDO from Mus musculus was solved to a nominal resolution of 1 . 75 Angstroms . 
The sequence is 91% identical to that of a human homolog . 
The structure reveals that CDO adopts the typical beta-barrel fold of the cupin superfamily . 
The NE2 atoms of His-86 , -88 , and -140 provide the metal binding site . 
The structure further revealed a covalent linkage between the side chains of Cys-93 and Tyr-157 , the cysteine of which is conserved only in eukaryotic proteins . 
Metal analysis showed that the recombinant enzyme contained a mixture of iron , nickel , and zinc , with increased iron content associated with increased catalytic activity . 
Details of the predicted active site are used to present and discuss a plausible mechanism of action for the enzyme . Differential effects of organic and inorganic selenium compounds on adenosine deaminase activity and scavenger capacity in cerebral cortex slices of young rats . Tamoxifen , which is the most commonly used drug for treatment of breast cancer , has both estrogen agonist and antagonist actions . 
Pure antiestrogens are devoid of any estrogen agonist effects . 
ICI 182 , 780 ( fulvestrant ) ( Faslodex ) and ICI 164 , 384 are competitive inhibitors of estrogen by binding to the estrogen receptor ( ER ) . 
Preclinical and clinical studies show that fulvestrant and ICI 164 , 384 are more potent than tamoxifen in inhibiting the growth of breast cancer cells . 
They are devoid of any estrogen-agonist action on the uterus and vagina but lack the beneficial effects of tamoxifen on the bone and serum lipid profile . 
Fulvestrant is the first pure antiestrogen to complete phase III clinical trials . 
Such studies have shown that fulvestrant is at least as good as anastrozole in the treatment of post-menopausal women with advanced breast cancer who had relapsed or progressed on prior endocrine therapy . 
The drug was well tolerated and only minor side-effects were reported . 
Its potential role in the adjuvant setting will be determined by its adverse effects on bone mass and serum lipids . 
EM-800 and EM-652 are the most potent pure antiestrogens and EM-652 has the highest affinity of all antiestrogens to ER . 
They have no stimulatory effects on the uterus or vagina . 
It seems reasonable to expect that pure antiestrogens will be good alternatives to tamoxifen and aromatase inhibitors in the treatment of breast cancer . Atorvastatin withdrawal elicits oxidative / nitrosative damage in the rat cerebral cortex . To study in detail the relation between gene expression and resistance against gemcitabine , a cell line was isolated from a tumor for which gemcitabine resistance was induced in vivo . 
Similar to the in vivo tumor , resistance in this cell line , C 26-G , was not related to deficiency of deoxycytidine kinase ( dCK ) . 
Micro-array analysis showed increased expression of ribonucleotide reductase ( RR ) subunits M1 and M2 as confirmed by real time PCR analysis ( 28- and 2 . 7-fold , respectively ) . 
In cell culture , moderate cross-resistance ( about 2-fold ) was observed to 1-ss-D-arabinofuranosylcytosine ( ara-C ) , 2-chloro-2'deoxyadenosine ( CdA ) , LY231514 ( ALIMTA ) , and cisplatin ( CDDP ) , and pronounced cross-resistance ( >23-fold ) to 2' , 2'-difluorodeoxyuridine ( dFdU ) and 2' , 2'-difluorodeoxyguanosine ( dFdG ) . 
Culture in the absence of gemcitabine reduced resistance as well as RRM1 RNA expression , demonstrating a direct relationship of RRM1 RNA expression with acquired resistance to gemcitabine . Natriuretic peptides , beside their endocrine actions , have paracrine functions which include regulating glucose uptake and metabolism . 
Atrial natriuretic peptide ( ANP ) actions are mediated by cGMP which is implicated in the metabolic adaptation of glucose metabolism to oxygen deprivation in the heart . 
Although , it has been reported that ANP increases glucose uptake , cGMP decreases it . 
The aim of the present paper was to evaluate the role of the glucose transporters 1 and 4 ( GLUTS ) , in glucose uptake produced by ANP in fatty acid-dependent adult cardiomyocytes and glucose-dependent neonatal cardiomyocytes under oxygenation and hypoxia , which reverts adult metabolism to glucose-dependent . 
We also explored if the calcium-calmodulin complex participates in ANP-induced increase in glucose uptake . 
Neonatal cells had a higher glucose uptake than adult cells and GLUT 1 participated in basal uptake in both cell types . 
Hypoxia increased glucose uptake in adult cardiomyocytes but not in neonatal cells and this increase in glucose uptake was mediated by GLUT4 . 
ANP increased glucose uptake in both adult and neonatal myocytes , under oxygenation and hypoxia , and GLUT4 favored this increase . 
Neonatal cells were less sensitive to ANP . 
Trifluoperazine , a calcium-calmodulin blocker , inhibited the ANP-induced increase in glucose uptake . 
This suggests that ANP promotes GLUT 4 calcium-mediated recruitment to the cell membrane . 
In conclusion , glucose uptake regulation is one of the paracrine metabolic effects of ANP in adult and neonatal cardiomyocytes under oxygenation and hypoxia . 
This effect of this peptide could explain the beneficial effects found in the internal medicine and surgical fields . Synthesis and in vitro evaluation of ( S ) -2- ( [ 11C ] methoxy ) -4- [ 3-methyl-1- ( 2-piperidine-1-yl-phenyl ) -butyl-carbamoyl ] -be nzoic acid ( [ 11C ] methoxy-repaglinide ) : a potential beta-cell imaging agent . Overexpression of calcineurin in transgenic mouse heart results in massive cardiac hypertrophy followed by sudden death . 
Sudden deaths are caused by abrupt transitions from sinus rhythm to heart block ( asystole ) in calcineurin-overexpressing ( CN ) mice . 
Preliminary studies showed decreased maximum change in potential over time ( dV / dt ( max ) ) of phase 0 of the action potential . 
Accordingly , the hypothesis was tested that decreased activity of the sodium channel contributes to heart block . 
Profound decreases in activity of sodium currents ( I ( Na ) ) paralleled the changes in action potential characteristics . 
Progressive age-dependent decreases were observed such that at 42-50 days of life little sodium channel function existed . 
However , this was not paralleled by decreased protein expression as assessed by immunocytochemistry or by Western blot . 
Since calcineurin can interact with the ryanodine receptor , we assessed whether chronic in vitro treatment with BAPTA-AM , thapsigargin , and ryanodine could rescue the decrease of I ( Na ) . 
All of these treatments rescued I ( Na ) to levels indistinguishable from wild type . 
The nonspecific PKC inhibitor bisindolylmaleimide I also rescued the decrease of I ( Na ) . 
To assess whether decreased sodium channel activity contributes to sudden death in vivo , the response to encainide ( 20 mg / kg ) was assessed : 6 of 10 young CN mice died because of asystole , whereas 0 of 10 wild-type mice died ( P < 0 . 01 ) . 
Moreover , encainide produced exaggerated prolongation of the QRS width in sinus beats before the heart block . 
Catecholamine tone appears necessary to support life in older CN mice because propranolol ( 1 mg / kg ) triggered asystolic death in five of six CN mice . 
We conclude that decrease in sodium channel activity is in the common final pathway to asystole in CN mice . In vivo HIF-mediated reductive carboxylation is regulated by citrate levels and sensitizes VHL-deficient cells to glutamine deprivation . Reduced nitric oxide ( NO ) bioavailability and impaired vascular function are the key pathological characteristics of inflammatory diseases such as atherosclerosis . 
We have recently found that leukocyte-derived hypochlorous acid is able to react with the nitric-oxide synthase ( NOS ) substrate L-arginine to produce chlorinated L-arginine ( cl-L-Arg ) . 
Interestingly , cl-L-Arg potently inhibits the formation of NO metabolites in cultured endothelial cells . 
It is unknown whether cl-L-Arg has a direct inhibitory effect on endothelial NOS ( eNOS ) . 
In addition , the effect of cl-L-Arg on the other NOS isoforms , neuronal NOS ( nNOS ) and inducible NOS ( iNOS ) , is also unknown . 
Therefore , we designed the current study to test the effects of cl-L-Arg on eNOS , nNOS , and iNOS . 
Using recombinant NOS , we found that cl-L-Arg had a direct inhibitory effect on the activity of NOS . 
The effect of cl-L-Arg on NOS activity is nonselective , as all three NOS isoforms were inhibited with a similar IC ( 50 ) . 
We further determined the effect of cl-L-Arg on the three NOS isoforms at the tissue level . 
The results demonstrated that cl-L-Arg potently inhibited all three NOS isoform-mediated vessel reactivities , as well as the NOS signaling molecule cGMP . 
Cl-L-Arg might serve as a novel endogenous NOS inhibitor and an important mediator for vascular dysfunction under inflammatory conditions such as atherosclerosis . 
Blocking cl-L-Arg formation may be a new therapeutic approach to cardiovascular diseases . Neonatal red blood cells : amiloride-insensitive Na + -H + transport isoform would express Na + -Li + exchange . Risk of ischemic stroke with the use of risperidone , quetiapine and olanzapine in elderly patients : a population-based , case-crossover study . Meclofenamic acid and diclofenac , novel templates of KCNQ2 / Q3 potassium channel openers , depress cortical neuron activity and exhibit anticonvulsant properties . Most prostate cancers ( PCs ) become resistant to combined androgen blockade therapy with surgical or medical castration and antiandrogens after several years . 
Some of these refractory PCs regress after discontinuation of antiandrogen administration [ antiandrogen withdrawal syndrome ( AWS ) ] . 
Although the molecular mechanisms of the AWS are not fully understood because of the lack of suitable experimental models , one hypothesis of the mechanism is mutation of androgen receptor ( AR ) . 
However , bicalutamide , which has become the most prevalent pure antiandrogen , does not work as an agonist for any mutant AR detected thus far in PC . 
To elucidate the mechanisms of the AWS , we established and characterized novel LNCaP cell sublines , LNCaP-cxDs , which were generated in vitro by culturing androgen-dependent LNCaP-FGC human PC cells in androgen-depleted medium with bicalutamide to mimic the combined androgen blockade therapy . 
LNCaP-FGC cells did not grow at first , but they started to grow after 6-13 weeks of culture . 
Bicalutamide stimulated LNCaP-cxD cell growth and increased prostate-specific antigen secretion from LNCaP-cxD cells both in vitro and in vivo . 
Sequencing of AR transcripts revealed that the AR in LNCaP-cxD cells harbors a novel mutation in codon 741 , TGG ( tryptophan ) to TGT ( cysteine; W741C ) , or in codon 741 , TGG to TTG ( leucine; W741L ) , in the ligand-binding domain . 
Transactivation assays showed that bicalutamide worked as an agonist for both W741C and W741L mutant ARs . 
Importantly , another antiandrogen , hydroxyflutamide , worked as an antagonist for these mutant ARs . 
In summary , we demonstrate for the first time that within only 6-13 weeks of in vitro exposure to bicalutamide , LNCaP-FGC cells , whose growth had initially been suppressed , came to use bicalutamide as an AR agonist via W741 AR mutation to survive . 
Our data strongly support the hypothesis that AR mutation is one possible mechanism of the AWS and suggest that flutamide might be effective as a second-line therapy for refractory PC previously treated with bicalutamide . Avibactam ( formerly NXL104 , AVE1330A ) is a synthetic non-β-lactam , β-lactamase inhibitor that inhibits the activities of Ambler class A and C β-lactamases and some Ambler class D enzymes . 
This review summarizes the existing data published for ceftazidime-avibactam , including relevant chemistry , mechanisms of action and resistance , microbiology , pharmacokinetics , pharmacodynamics , and efficacy and safety data from animal and human trials . 
Although not a β-lactam , the chemical structure of avibactam closely resembles portions of the cephem bicyclic ring system , and avibactam has been shown to bond covalently to β-lactamases . 
Very little is known about the potential for avibactam to select for resistance . 
The addition of avibactam greatly ( 4-1024-fold minimum inhibitory concentration [ MIC ] reduction ) improves the activity of ceftazidime versus most species of Enterobacteriaceae depending on the presence or absence of β-lactamase enzyme ( s ) . 
Against Pseudomonas aeruginosa , the addition of avibactam also improves the activity of ceftazidime ( ~fourfold MIC reduction ) . 
Limited data suggest that the addition of avibactam does not improve the activity of ceftazidime versus Acinetobacter species or most anaerobic bacteria ( exceptions : Bacteroides fragilis , Clostridium perfringens , Prevotella spp . 
and Porphyromonas spp . 
) . 
The pharmacokinetics of avibactam follow a two-compartment model and do not appear to be altered by the co-administration of ceftazidime . 
The maximum plasma drug concentration ( C ( max ) ) and area under the plasma concentration-time curve ( AUC ) of avibactam increase linearly with doses ranging from 50 mg to 2 , 000 mg . 
The mean volume of distribution and half-life of 22 L ( ~0 . 3 L / kg ) and ~2 hours , respectively , are similar to ceftazidime . 
Like ceftazidime , avibactam is primarily renally excreted , and clearance correlates with creatinine clearance . 
Pharmacodynamic data suggest that ceftazidime-avibactam is rapidly bactericidal versus β-lactamase-producing Gram-negative bacilli that are not inhibited by ceftazidime alone . 
Clinical trials to date have reported that ceftazidime-avibactam is as effective as standard carbapenem therapy in complicated intra-abdominal infection and complicated urinary tract infection , including infection caused by cephalosporin-resistant Gram-negative isolates . 
The safety and tolerability of ceftazidime-avibactam has been reported in three phase I pharmacokinetic studies and two phase II clinical studies . 
Ceftazidime-avibactam appears to be well tolerated in healthy subjects and hospitalized patients , with few serious drug-related treatment-emergent adverse events reported to date . 
In conclusion , avibactam serves to broaden the spectrum of ceftazidime versus ß-lactamase-producing Gram-negative bacilli . 
The exact roles for ceftazidime-avibactam will be defined by efficacy and safety data from further clinical trials . 
Potential future roles for ceftazidime-avibactam include the treatment of suspected or documented infections caused by resistant Gram-negative-bacilli producing extended-spectrum ß-lactamase ( ESBL ) , Klebsiella pneumoniae carbapenemases ( KPCs ) and / or AmpC ß-lactamases . 
In addition , ceftazidime-avibactam may be used in combination ( with metronidazole ) for suspected polymicrobial infections . 
Finally , the increased activity of ceftazidime-avibactam versus P . 
aeruginosa may be of clinical benefit in patients with suspected or documented P . 
aeruginosa infections . Expression of a novel mRNA transcript for human microsomal epoxide hydrolase ( EPHX1 ) is regulated by short open reading frames within its 5'-untranslated region . The atypical antidepressant mianserin exhibits agonist activity at kappa-opioid receptors . Alpha-tocopheryl succinate ( alpha-TOS ) , a redox-silent analogue of vitamin E , induces apoptosis in multiple cell lines in a selective manner , by activating the intrinsic pathway . 
Since it is a highly hydrophobic compound , it may require a carrier protein for its trafficking to intracellular targets like mitochondria . 
We studied the role of the ubiquitous tocopherol-associated protein-1 ( TAP1 or sec14-like 2 ) in apoptosis induction by alpha-TOS in malignant mesothelioma ( MM ) cells . 
Over-expression of TAP1 in MM cells sensitised them to apoptosis by low doses of alpha-TOS which were sub-apoptotic for the parental cells . 
Apoptosis induced in TAP1-over-expressing cells was mitochondria- and caspase-dependent , as suggested by dissipation of mitochondrial trans-membrane potential and inhibition by zVAD-fmk , respectively . 
Binding assays showed affinity of alpha-TOS for TAP1 . 
Finally , TAP1 over-expressing cells accumulated alpha-TOS at higher levels compared to their normal counterparts . 
We suggest that TAP1 may act as an intracellular shuttle for alpha-TOS , promoting apoptosis initiated by this vitamin E analogue , as shown here for MM cells . Loperamide is a peripheral opiate agonist able to inhibit ACTH secretion . 
In this work , the interactions between loperamide and two ACTH secretagogues , lysine vasopressin ( LVP ) and corticotropin-releasing hormone ( CRH ) , were investigated in patients with Addison's disease . 
After loperamide ( 16 mg orally ) or placebo administration , 5 patients received LVP ( 0 . 06 IU / kg i . 
v . 
over 1 h ) and 6 patients received oCRH ( 1 micrograms / kg i . 
v . 
as bolus ) . 
In all patients loperamide induced a significant fall in plasma ACTH levels . 
LVP increased ACTH levels after both loperamide ( from 48 + / - 17 . 3 to a peak of 95 + / - 21 pmol / l ) and placebo ( from 231 + / - 59 . 5 to 365 + / - 86 . 6 pmol / l ) : the interaction between treatments and time was not significant . 
CRH caused a rise in plasma ACTH after both loperamide ( from 30 + / - 16 . 6 to a peak of 108 + / - 31 pmol / l ) and placebo ( from 98 . 5 + / - 47 to 211 + / - 61 . 7 pmol / l ) : the interaction between treatments and time was significant , and the first phase of CRH-induced ACTH secretion was significantly lower after loperamide . 
These data demonstrate that loperamide differently modifies the stimulatory action of LVP and CRH on ACTH secretion : namely , LVP and loperamide act in an additive manner , while CRH and loperamide interact in a non additive way . 
Although these findings might be explained by the involvement of different intracellular ACTH-secreting mechanisms , an influence of loperamide on some suprapituitary factors modulating the ACTH response is suggested . The activation of the complement cascade , a cornerstone of the innate immune response , produces a number of small ( 74-77 amino acid ) fragments , originally termed anaphylatoxins , that are potent chemoattractants and secretagogues that act on a wide variety of cell types . 
These fragments , C5a , C4a , and C3a , participate at all levels of the immune response and are also involved in other processes such as neural development and organ regeneration . 
Their primary function , however , is in inflammation , so they are important targets for the development of antiinflammatory therapies . 
Only three receptors for complement peptides have been found , but there are no satisfactory antagonists as yet , despite intensive investigation . 
In humans , there is a single receptor for C3a ( C3a receptor ) , no known receptor for C4a , and two receptors for C5a ( C5a₁ receptor and C5a₂ receptor ) . 
The most recently characterized receptor , the C5a₂ receptor ( previously known as C5L2 or GPR77 ) , has been regarded as a passive binding protein , but signaling activities are now ascribed to it , so we propose that it be formally identified as a receptor and be given a name to reflect this . 
Here , we describe the complex biology of the complement peptides , introduce a new suggested nomenclature , and review our current knowledge of receptor pharmacology . Monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( MAOIs ) exert their antidepressant action by increasing the function of the serotonin ( 5-HT ) , norepinephrine and dopamine ( DA ) systems . 
There is , however , limited electrophysiological data on the effects of MAOIs on DA neurons . 
The effects of 2-d and 21-d administration of three MAOIs were investigated ( clorgyline , selective MAOI-A; deprenyl , selective MAOI-B; phenelzine , non-selective MAOI ) on the firing activity of DA neurons in the ventral tegmental area using in-vivo electrophysiology in rats . 
Short-term clorgyline ( 1 mg / kg ) and phenelzine ( 2 . 5 mg / kg ) was devoid of effect on DA neurons , whereas prolonged administration significantly decreased their firing rate ( by 30% and 20% , respectively ) , number of bursts ( by 80% and 45% , respectively ) , and percentage of spikes occurring in bursts only in clorgyline-treated rats ( 70% ) . 
Deprenyl ( 0 . 25 mg / kg ) was without effects . 
DA firing was restored in clorgyline-treated rats by inhibiting 5-HT synthesis using para-chlorophenylalanine ( p-CPA; 300 mg / kg . 
d for three consecutive days ) . 
The 5-HT3 antagonist ondansetron ( 0 . 5 mg / kg ) was devoid of effect in control rats , but completely reversed the alterations of DA neuronal activity in clorgyline-treated rats . 
An attenuation of DA neuronal activity was thus produced by prolonged blockade of MAOA activity . 
The absence of effect of MAOA inhibition after subacute administration suggested an indirect mechanism . 
This was confirmed by the observation that p-CPA antagonized the effects of clorgyline . 
Since ondansetron completely reversed the effects of clorgyline on DA neuronal activity , the effects of MAOA inhibition appeared to be mediated by 5-HT3 receptors . Surface Enhanced Raman Scattering on Non-SERS Active Substrates and In Situ Electrochemical Study based on a Single Gold Microshell . The structure-activity relationships of parabens which are widely used as preservatives for transcriptional activities mediated by human estrogen receptor α ( hERα ) , hERβ and androgen receptor ( hAR ) were investigated . 
Fourteen of 17 parabens exhibited hERα and / or hERβ agonistic activity at concentrations of ⩽1×10 ( -5 ) M , whereas none of the 17 parabens showed AR agonistic or antagonistic activity . 
Among 12 parabens with linear alkyl chains ranging in length from C1 to C12 , heptylparaben ( C7 ) and pentylparaben ( C5 ) showed the most potent ERα and ERβ agonistic activity in the order of 10 ( -7 ) M and 10 ( -8 ) M , respectively , and the activities decreased in a stepwise manner as the alkyl chain was shortened to C1 or lengthened to C12 . 
Most parabens showing estrogenic activity exhibited ERβ-agonistic activity at lower concentrations than those inducing ERα-agonistic activity . 
The estrogenic activity of butylparaben was markedly decreased by incubation with rat liver microsomes , and the decrease of activity was blocked by a carboxylesterase inhibitor . 
These results indicate that parabens are selective agonists for ERβ over ERα; their interactions with ERα / β are dependent on the size and bulkiness of the alkyl groups; and they are metabolized by carboxylesterases , leading to attenuation of their estrogenic activity . The acute reinforcing effects of cocaine are thought by some to result from cocaine binding to the dopamine ( DA ) transporter , which inhibits DA uptake and increases synaptic DA levels in the mesolimbic system . 
Other data suggest that neurotransmitters other than DA contribute to cocaine reinforcement and addiction . 
These considerations illustrate the need to have additional research tools with which to test the "DA hypothesis . 
" One strategy is to identify drugs which bind to the DA transporter ( DAT ligands ) but which do not inhibit DA uptake as effectively as cocaine . 
The purpose of the present study was to identify members of a novel structural class of DAT ligands and to characterize their interactions at the DA transporter . 
A positional scanning hexapeptide D-amino acid library was screened for inhibition of [ ( 125 ) I ] RTI-55 binding to rat caudate DA transporters . 
Based on the results , 12 peptides were synthesized . 
All 12 peptides inhibited [ ( 125 ) I ] RTI-55 binding to DA transporters with IC ( 50 ) values , which ranged from 1 . 8 microM to 12 microM . 
The two most potent peptides ( TPI-669-1 and TPI-669-4 ) were prepared in larger quantities and were characterized further for activity at the DAT and 5-HT transporter . 
Both peptides inhibited DA and 5-HT uptake and transporter binding with IC ( 50 ) / K ( i ) values in the low micromolar range . 
In vivo microdialysis studies demonstrated that both peptides increase extracellular DA and 5-HT in the nucleus accumbens of rats . 
These data demonstrate that peptides can function as inhibitors of biogenic amine transport . 
Future work will focus on developing more potent and selective peptides . 
Published 1999 Wiley-Liss , Inc . Structure prediction of binary pernitride MN2 compounds ( M = Ca , Sr , Ba , La , and Ti ) . New selective inhibitors of MMP-13 for inflammatory diseases : a patent evaluation ( W02012151158 ) . Retinoic acid receptor alpha ( RARα ) selective compounds may guide the design of drugs that can be used in conjunction with hormonal adjuvant therapy in the treatment of breast cancer . 
Herein we report a modified synthesis of a known RARα antagonist , 2-fluoro-4- [ [ [ 8-bromo-2 , 2-dimethyl-4- ( 4-methylphenyl ) chroman-6-yl ] carbonyl ] amino ] benzoic acid and a synthesis of its unknown , desfluoro analog , 4- [ [ [ 8-bromo-2 , 2-dimethyl-4- ( 4-methylphenyl ) chroman-6-yl ] carbonyl ] amino ] benzoic acid . 
The modified route allows for facile reaction workups , increased yields , lower cost and incorporates a green alternative step . 
Structure-activity relationship studies determined through functional cell-based assays , demonstrated antagonism to RARα for both compounds . 
Molecular modeling within the RARα binding pocket was used to compare binding interactions of the desfluoro analog to a known RAR antagonist . Gene therapy can be combined with tissue engineering constructs to produce gene-activated matrices ( GAMs ) with enhanced capacity for repair . 
Polyethyleneimine ( PEI ) , a non-viral vector , has previously been optimised for high efficiency gene transfer in rat mesenchymal stem cells ( rMSCs ) . 
The use of PEI to transfect human MSCs ( hMSCs ) with ephrinB2 is assessed here . 
Recently a role for the ephrinB2 ligand and EphB4 receptor duo has been proposed in bone remodelling . 
Herein , over-expression of the ephrinB2 ligand resulted in increased osteogenic differentiation in hMSCs . 
As ephrinB2 is a cell surface anchored ligand which only interacts with cells expressing the cognate EphB4 receptor through direct contact , we have shown that direct cell-cell contact between two neighbouring cells is responsible for enhanced osteogenesis . 
In an effort to begin to elucidate the molecular mechanisms at play downstream of ephrinB2 over-expression , RT-PCR was performed on the GAMs which revealed no significant changes in runx2 or BMP2 expression but an upregulation of osterix ( Osx ) and Dlx5 expression prompting the belief that the mode of osteogenesis is independent of the BMP2 pathway . 
This select interaction , coupled with the transient gene expression profile of PEI , makes the PEI-ephrinB2 GAM an ideal candidate matrix for a bone targeted GAM . Glutamate stimulates glutamate receptor interacting protein 1 degradation by ubiquitin-proteasome system to regulate surface expression of GluR2 . Genome-wide integrated analyses of androgen receptor signaling in prostate cancer based on high-throughput technology . The molecular genetic approach to "Bartter's syndrome" . Nociceptive axons and terminals in the supratentorial cerebral dura mater display an intense calcitonin gene-related peptide ( CGRP ) immunoreactivity . 
In an experimental migraine model , it has been shown that electrical stimulation of the rat trigeminal ganglion induced an increase in the lengths of CGRP-immunoreactive axons , increased size and number of pleomorphic axonal varicosities in the dura mater , and an increased number of c-jun and c-fos protein-expressing nerve cells in the trigeminal complex . 
We demonstrate the effect of the highly specific and moderately lipophilic serotonin agonist eletriptan ( Pfizer ) which prevents the effects of electrical stimulation in the dura mater . 
Eletriptan also affected the caudal trigeminal complex; it markedly reduced the numbers of the oncoprotein-expressing cells , mainly after stimulation and to some extent also in nonstimulated animals . 
Eletriptan also affected expression of CGRP in perikarya of trigeminal ganglion cells , insofar as the number of small nerve cells exhibiting a compact CGRP immunoreaction was decreased to one quarter of the original value . 
In all these respects , eletriptan acted in a similar way to sumatriptan , with the notable exception that eletriptan also blocked the stimulation-induced effects in the nucleus caudalis trigemini and the upper cervical spinal cord ( trigeminal complex ) , whereas sumatriptan did not . 
It is concluded that eletriptan , acting on perikarya and both the peripheral and the central axon terminals of primary sensory neurons , exerts its antimigraine effect by an agonist action on 5-HT1B / 1D receptors throughout the entire trigeminal system , probably by passing the blood-brain-barrier because of its lipophilic character . Podocyte apoptosis is a critical mechanism for excessive loss of urinary albumin that eventuates in kidney fibrosis . 
Pharmacological doses of the mTOR inhibitor rapamycin reduce albuminura in diabetes . 
We explored the hypothesis that mTOR mediates podocyte injury in diabetes . 
High glucose ( HG ) induces apoptosis of podocytes , inhibits AMPK activation , inactivates tuberin and activates mTOR . 
HG also increases the levels of Nox4 and Nox1 and NADPH oxidase activity . 
Inhibition of mTOR by low dose rapamycin decreases HG-induced Nox4 and Nox1 , NADPH oxidase activity and podocyte apoptosis . 
Inhibition of mTOR had no effect on AMPK or tuberin phosphorylation indicating that mTOR is downstream of these signaling molecules . 
In isolated glomeruli of OVE26 mice , there is similar decrease in the activation of AMPK and tuberin and activation of mTOR with increase in Nox4 and NADPH oxidase activity . 
Inhibition of mTOR by small dose of rapamycin reduces podocyte apoptosis , attenuates glomerular injury and albuminuria . 
Our data provide evidence for a novel function of mTOR in Nox4-derived ROS generation and podocyte apoptosis that contributes to urinary albumin excretion in type 1 diabetes . 
Thus mTOR and or NADPH oxidase inhibition may represent a therapeutic modality of diabetic kidney disease . Synthetically produced GRF1-29 ( Sermorelin ) has an amino acid composition identical to the N-terminal 29 amino acids sequence of the natural hypothalamic GHRH1-44 ( Figure 1 ) . 
It maintains bioactivity in vitro and is almost equally effective in eliciting secretion of endogenous growth hormone in vivo . 
The main drawbacks associated with the pharmaceutical use of hGRF1-29 relate to its short half-life in plasma , about 10-20 min in humans , which is caused mostly by renal ultrafiltration and enzymatic degradation at the N terminus . 
PEGylation has been considered as one valid approach to obtain more stable forms of the peptide , with a longer in vivo half-life and ultimately with increased pharmacodynamic response along the somatotropic axis ( endogenous GH , IGF-1 levels ) . 
Different PEGylated GRF conjugates were obtained and their bioactivity was tested in vitro and in vivo by monitoring endogenous growth hormone ( GH ) serum levels after intravenous ( i . 
v . 
) injection in rats , and intravenous and subcutaneous ( s . 
c . 
) injection in pigs . 
It was found that GRF-PEG conjugates are able to bind and activate the human GRF receptor , although with different potency . 
The effect of PEG molecular weight , number of PEG chains bound and position of PEGylation site on GRF activity were investigated . 
Mono-PEGylated isomers with a PEG5000 polymer chain linked to Lys 12 or Lys 21 residues , showed high biological activity in vitro , which is similar to that of hGRF1-29 , and a higher pharmacodynamic response as compared to unmodified GRF molecule . Bupropion inhibits nicotine-evoked [ ( 3 ) H ] overflow from rat striatal slices preloaded with [ ( 3 ) H ] dopamine and from rat hippocampal slices preloaded with [ ( 3 ) H ] norepinephrine . In mammals several members of the Transient Receptor Potential channel family ( TRPs ) , expressed mainly in the sensory neurons and skin keratinocytes , are implicated in relevant physiological functions , including thermosensation , nociception and vision . 
Since the TRPV1-4 , TRPA1 and TRPM8 channels from this family play a pivotal role in both the detection and possibly modulation of painful stimuli , they are regarded as a very promising target of novel analgesic drugs . 
A few agents acting at TRPs , such as capsaicin or menthol , have a long history of their application as analgesics , whereas others ( e . 
g . 
SB705498 , JTS653 , JNJ17203212 , AP18 , A967079 , Chembridge-5861528 or PBMC ) are currently being evaluated both in animals and in humans . 
In this review we discuss pain physiology , as well as the pharmacological properties of the TRPs involved in pain detection as potential critical peripheral analgesic targets . 
We present one of the most relevant strategies in the search for novel analgesic drugs , namely the TRP channels and their ligands , both agonists and antagonists as potential novel therapeutics for inflammatory and neuropathic pain syndromes . 
The safety profile of these agents , in particular their impact on thermosensation , is also discussed below . Curcumin is a biologically active component of curry powder . 
A structurally related class of mimetics possesses similar anti-inflammatory and anticancer properties . 
Mechanism has been examined by exploring kinase inhibition trends . 
In a screen of 50 kinases relevant to many forms of cancer , one member of the series ( 4 , EF31 ) showed ≥85% inhibition for 10 of the enzymes at 5 μM , while 22 of the proteins were blocked at ≥40% . 
IC50 values for an expanded set of curcumin analogues established a rank order of potencies , and analyses of IKKβ and AKT2 enzyme kinetics for 4 revealed a mixed inhibition model , ATP competition dominating . 
Our curcumin mimetics are generally selective for Ser / Thr kinases . 
Both selectivity and potency trends are compatible with protein sequence comparisons , while modeled kinase binding site geometries deliver a reasonable correlation with mixed inhibition . 
Overall , these analogues are shown to be pleiotropic inhibitors that operate at multiple points along cell signaling pathways . Effect of anabolic-androgenic steroids and glucocorticoids on the kinetics of hAR and hGR nucleocytoplasmic translocation . Aspidin PB , a phloroglucinol derivative , induces apoptosis in human hepatocarcinoma HepG2 cells by modulating PI3K / Akt / GSK3β pathway . The possible interaction between cholecystokinin ( CCK ) and 5-hydroxytryptamine ( 5-HT ) was evaluated in vitro in the longitudinal muscle-myenteric plexus of the guinea-pig ileum . 
Devazepide and L-365 , 260 were used to block CCKA and CCK ( B ) receptors and ondansetron and tropisetron to block 5-HT3 and 5-HT4 receptors , respectively . 
The CCK receptor antagonists blocked , in a dose-dependent manner , the response to 5-HT and to the selective agonists at 5-HT3 and 5-HT4 receptors , 2-methyl-5-hydroxytryptamine ( 2-Me-5-HT ) and 5-methoxytryptamine ( 5-MeOT ) , respectively . 
The blockade was almost complete on the first phase of the concentration response curve to 5-HT and for all the concentrations of 5-MeOT tested . 
In the 2-Me-5-HT-induced contractile response there was a component with the same sensitivity to devazepide and to the selective NK1 receptor antagonist , GR 82334 , and another resistant component that was abolished by atropine . 
However , the blockade of the NK1 receptor did not produce a significant increase in the inhibition obtained when atropine or devazepide were separately tested on the 5-MeOT-induced response . 
These results suggest that CCK is involved in the 5-HT-induced contractile response , particularly in the response induced by 5-HT4 receptor stimulation . In a previous study , we demonstrated that a dextromethorphan analog , dimemorfan , has neuroprotective effects . 
Dextromethorphan and dimemorfan are high-affinity ligands at sigma1 receptors . 
Dextromethorphan has moderate affinities for phencyclidine sites , while dimemorfan has very low affinities for such sites , suggesting that these sites are not essential for the anticonvulsant actions of dimemorfan . 
Kainate ( KA ) administration ( 10 mg kg ( -1 ) , i . 
p . 
) produced robust convulsions lasting 4-6 h in rats . 
Pre-treatment with dimemorfan ( 12 or 24 mg kg ( -1 ) ) reduced seizures in a dose-dependent manner . 
Dimemorfan pre-treatment also attenuated the KA-induced increases in c-fos / c-jun expression , activator protein ( AP ) -1 DNA-binding activity , and loss of cells in the CA1 and CA3 fields of the hippocampus . 
These effects of dimemorfan were comparable to those of dextromethorphan . 
The anticonvulsant action of dextromethorphan or dimemorfan was significantly counteracted by a selective sigma1 receptor antagonist BD 1047 , suggesting that the anticonvulsant action of dextromethorphan or dimemorfan is , at least in part , related to sigma1 receptor-activated modulation of AP-1 transcription factors . 
We asked whether dimemorfan produces the behavioral side effects seen with dextromethorphan or dextrorphan ( a phencyclidine-like metabolite of dextromethorphan ) . 
Conditioned place preference and circling behaviors were significantly increased in mice treated with phencyclidine , dextrorphan or dextromethorphan , while mice treated with dimemorfan showed no behavioral side effects . 
Our results suggest that dimemorfan is equipotent to dextromethorphan in preventing KA-induced seizures , while it may lack behavioral effects , such as psychotomimetic reactions . Expression of human equilibrative nucleoside transporter 1 ( hENT1 ) and its correlation with gemcitabine uptake and cytotoxicity in mantle cell lymphoma . We recently showed that clones of Th1 cells , but not Th2 cells , expressed a functional beta-2-adrenergic receptor ( beta2AR ) and that either norepinephrine or the beta2AR agonist terbutaline stimulated this receptor to modulate the level of Th1 cytokines produced . 
In the present study , we show that norepinephrine and terbutaline stimulate the beta2AR to decrease the level of IL-2 produced by freshly isolated murine splenic naive CD4 + T cells from either Balb / C or DO11 . 10 transgenic mice and activated polyclonally with anti-CD3 and anti-CD28 mAbs . 
In contrast , the level of cytokines produced by primary effector Th1 and Th2 cells were unaffected when norepinephrine , terbutaline , or cAMP analogs were added at the time of restimulation . 
These results suggest that a diversity exists among CD4 + T-cell subsets with respect to the level of adrenergic receptor expression , responsiveness to cAMP , stage of cell differentiation , or a combination of the above . We report the SAR around a series of 2 , 4-diaminopyrimidine-5-carboxamide inhibitors of Sky kinase . 
2-Aminophenethyl analogs demonstrate excellent potency but moderate kinase selectivity , while 2-aminobenzyl analogs that fill the Ala571 subpocket exhibit good inhibition activity and excellent kinase selectivity . To evaluate the protective effects of α-lipoic acid on the kidneys of Goto-Kakisaki ( GK ) diabetic rats , ten GK diabetic rats were randomly divided into a diabetic control group and a lipoic acid-treated diabetic group with α-lipoic acid 35 mg·Kg-1 intraperitoneal injections . 
Four healthy Wistar rats served as normal controls . 
Malonaldehyde ( MDA ) , ascorbic acid ( vitamin C ) , vitamin E , glutathione ( GSH ) and superoxide dismutase ( SOD ) levels in renal homogenate , and urine protein excretion were measured . 
The expression of mRNA for NF-κB , NADPH oxidase subunits p22phox and p47phox in renal tissue was examined by realtime PCR . 
Pathological changes in renal tissue were evaluated by light and electron microscopy . 
There were significant increases in urine protein excretion , MDA levels and the expression of mRNA of NF-κB , p22phox and p47phox , and significant decreases in GSH , SOD , vitamin C and vitamin E levels in the diabetic control group compared with the normal control group . 
Pathological changes of renal tissue were more progressive in the diabetic control group than in the normal control group . 
All the parameters above were improved in the α-lipoic acid-treated diabetic group . 
Oxidative stress is increased in the kidney of type 2 diabetic GK rats . 
It is associated with the progression of diabetic nephropathy . 
α-lipoic acid can protect renal function in diabetic rats via its antioxidant activity . Diverse effects of macromolecular crowding on the sequential glycan-processing pathway involved in glycoprotein quality control . Influences of the PPAR alpha-L162V polymorphism on plasma HDL ( 2 ) -cholesterol response of abdominally obese men treated with gemfibrozil . Due to the increasing prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus ( T2DM ) , the emergent trend towards diagnosis in younger patients and the progressive nature of this disease , many more patients than before now require insulin to maintain glycaemic control . 
However , there is a degree of inertia among physicians and patients regarding the initiation and intensification of insulin therapy , in part due to concerns about the associated weight gain and increased risk of hypoglycaemia . 
Glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists ( GLP-1RAs ) increase insulin release and suppress glucagon secretion in a glucose-dependent manner , thus conferring glycaemic control with a low incidence of hypoglycaemia . 
GLP-1RAs also promote weight loss , and have beneficial effects on markers of β cell function , lipid levels , blood pressure and cardiovascular risk markers . 
However , the durability of their effectiveness is unknown and , compared with insulin , the antihyperglycaemic efficacy of GLP-1RAs is limited . 
The combination of a GLP-1RA and insulin might thus be highly effective for optimal glucose control , ameliorating the adverse effects typically associated with insulin . 
Data from clinical studies support the therapeutic potential of GLP-1RA-insulin combination therapy , typically showing beneficial effects on glycaemic control and body weight , with a low incidence of hypoglycaemia and , in established insulin therapy , facilitating reductions in insulin dose . 
In this review , the physiological and pharmacological rationale for using GLP-1RA and insulin therapies in combination is discussed , and data from clinical studies that have assessed the efficacy and safety of this treatment strategy are outlined . LIVER X RECEPTORS , NERVOUS SYSTEM AND LIPID METABOLISM . Epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitors in development for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer . Elevated fasting blood glucose ( FBG ) is associated with increased risk for the development of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular-associated mortality . 
Genome-wide association studies ( GWAS ) have linked polymorphisms in G6PC2 with variations in FBG and body fat , although not insulin sensitivity or glucose tolerance . 
G6PC2 encodes an islet-specific , endoplasmic reticulum-resident glucose-6-phosphatase catalytic subunit . 
A combination of in situ perfused pancreas , in vitro isolated islet , and in vivo analyses were used to explore the function of G6pc2 in mice . 
G6pc2 deletion had little effect on insulin sensitivity and glucose tolerance , whereas body fat was reduced in female G6pc2 knockout ( KO ) mice on both a chow and high-fat diet , observations that are all consistent with human GWAS data . 
G6pc2 deletion resulted in a leftward shift in the dose-response curve for glucose-stimulated insulin secretion ( GSIS ) . 
As a consequence , under fasting conditions in which plasma insulin levels were identical , blood glucose levels were reduced in G6pc2 KO mice , again consistent with human GWAS data . 
Glucose-6-phosphatase activity was reduced , whereas basal cytoplasmic calcium levels were elevated in islets isolated from G6pc2 KO mice . 
These data suggest that G6pc2 represents a novel , negative regulator of basal GSIS that acts by hydrolyzing glucose-6-phosphate , thereby reducing glycolytic flux . Acute alcohol effects on subtypes of impulsivity and the role of alcohol-outcome expectancies . ABT-199 , a potent and selective BCL-2 inhibitor , achieves antitumor activity while sparing platelets . The glucose analog streptozotocin ( STZ ) has long been used as a tool for creating experimental diabetes because of its relatively specific beta-cell cytotoxic effect , but the mechanism by which systemic injection of STZ causes beta-cell destruction is not well understood . 
In the current study , we have used insulinoma ( RIN ) and AtT-20ins cell lines engineered for overexpression of GLUT2 or GLUT1 to investigate the role of glucose transporter isoforms in mediating STZ cytotoxicity . 
The in vivo effects of STZ were evaluated by implantation of RIN cells expressing or lacking GLUT2 into athymic nude rats . 
The drug had a potent cytotoxic effect on RIN cells expressing GLUT2 , but had no effect on cells lacking GLUT2 expression , as indicated by histological analysis and measurement of the blood glucose levels of treated animals . 
The preferential cytotoxic effect of STZ on GLUT2-expressing cell lines was confirmed by in vitro analysis of GLUT2-expressing and untransfected RIN cells , as well as GLUT2- and GLUT1-overexpressing AtT-20ins cells . 
Consistent with these data , only GLUT2-expressing RIN or AtT-20ins cells transported STZ efficiently . 
We conclude that expression of GLUT2 is required for efficient killing of neuroendocrine cells by STZ , and this effect is related to specific recognition of the drug as a transported substrate by GLUT2 but not GLUT1 . Phosphodiesterase 10A ( PDE10A ) is a novel target for the treatment of schizophrenia that may address multiple symptomatic domains associated with this disorder . 
PDE10A is highly expressed in the brain and functions to metabolically inactivate the important second messengers cAMP and cGMP . 
Here we describe effects of a potent and orally bioavailable PDE10A inhibitor [ 2- ( 6-chloropyridin-3-yl ) -4- ( 2-methoxyethoxy ) -7 , 8-dihydropyrido [ 4 , 3-d ] pyrimidin-6 ( 5H ) -yl ] ( imidazo [ 1 , 5-a ] pyridin-1-yl ) methanone ] ( THPP-1 ) on striatal signaling pathways , in behavioral tests that predict antipsychotic potential , and assays that measure episodic-like memory in rat and executive function in rhesus monkey . 
THPP-1 exhibits nanomolar potency on the PDE10A enzyme , demonstrates excellent pharmacokinetic properties in multiple preclinical animal species , and is selective for PDE10A over other PDE families of enzymes . 
THPP-1 significantly increased phosphorylation of proteins in the striatum involved in synaptic plasticity , including the a-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methylisoxazole-4-proprionic acid receptor ( AMPA ) GluR1 subunit , extracellular receptor kinase ( ERK ) , and cAMP-response element binding protein ( CREB ) . 
THPP-1 produced dose-dependent effects in preclinical assays predictive of antipsychotic activity including attenuation of MK-801-induced psychomotor activation and condition avoidance responding in rats . 
At similar plasma exposures , THPP-1 significantly increased object recognition memory in rat and attenuated a ketamine-induced deficit in the object retrieval detour task in rhesus monkey . 
These findings suggest that PDE10A inhibitors have the potential to impact multiple symptomatic domains of schizophrenia including positive symptoms and cognitive impairment . 
This article is part of a Special Issue entitled 'Cognitive Enhancers' . Minocycline protects against permanent cerebral ischemia in wild type but not in matrix metalloprotease-9-deficient mice . After four days of treatment with 10 ( -8 ) M TPA , differentiation of the human T-lymphoblastoid cell line MOLT-4 was induced along the T cell lineage , confirmed by a fall in adenosine deaminase and 5'-ectonucleotidase and a rise in purine nucleoside phosphorylase activity . 
TPA-treated cells became resistant to the cytotoxic effects of 1-beta-D-arabinofuranosylcytosine ( Ara-C ) , 9-beta-D-arabinofuranosyladenine ( Ara-A ) , and 2-chlorodeoxyadenosine . 
This was , in part , due to the altered cell cycle distribution ( accumulation of cells in the G1 phase ) , since the toxicity of Ara-C and Ara-A is S phase specific . 
The diminished rate of Ara-C transport concomitant with Ara-CTP formation after TPA treatment is considered to be the biochemical basis for this acquired resistance . The type 1 cannabinoid receptor ( CB1 ) is a G protein-coupled receptor that is expressed at high levels in the striatum . 
Activation of CB1 increases expression of neuronal trophic factors and inhibits neurotransmitter release from GABA-ergic striatal neurons . 
CB1 mRNA levels can be elevated by treatment with cannabinoids in non-neuronal cells . 
We wanted to determine whether cannabinoid treatment could induce CB1 expression in a cell culture model of striatal neurons and , if possible , determine the molecular mechanism by which this occurred . 
We found that treatment of STHdh ( 7 / 7 ) cells with the cannabinoids ACEA , mAEA , and AEA produced a CB1 receptor-dependent increase in CB1 promoter activity , mRNA , and protein expression . 
This response was Akt- and NF-κB-dependent . 
Because decreased CB1 expression is thought to contribute to the pathogenesis of Huntington's disease ( HD ) , we wanted to determine whether cannabinoids could increase CB1 expression in STHdh ( 7 / 111 ) and ( 111 / 111 ) cells expressing the mutant huntingtin protein . 
We observed that cannabinoid treatment increased CB1 mRNA levels approximately 10-fold in STHdh ( 7 / 111 ) and ( 111 / 111 ) cells , compared to vehicle treatment . 
Importantly , cannabinoid treatment improved ATP production , increased the expression of the trophic factor BDNF-2 , and the mitochondrial regulator PGC1α , and reduced spontaneous GABA release , in HD cells . 
Therefore , cannabinoid-mediated increases in CB1 levels could reduce the severity of some molecular pathologies observed in HD . Structural model of carnitine palmitoyltransferase I based on the carnitine acetyltransferase crystal . Anti-diabetic activities of Gegen Qinlian Decoction in high-fat diet combined with streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats and in 3T3-L1 adipocytes . OBJECTIVE : To investigate the effects of mifepristone on expression of estrogen receptor ( ER ) and progesterone receptor ( PR ) in cultured human eutopic and ectopic endometria . 
METHODS : Endometrial ( n = 22 ) and endometriotic ( n = 12 ) tissues , obtained from patients with endometriosis , were cultured with and without mifepristone ( 1 x 10 ( -6 ) mol / L , 1 x 10 ( -4 ) mol / L ) for 7-10 days . 
The expressions of ER , PR were determined by semi-quantitative immunocytochemistry method . 
Thirteen normal endometrial samples served as controls . 
RESULTS : The expressions of ER and PR in normal and eutopic endometrial cells showed the same cyclic pattern . 
The only difference was the significantly higher PR glandular content in eutopic endometria of endometriosis patients , as compared with normal controls [ histochemistry score ( H-score ) 2 . 77 + / - 0 . 32 Vs 2 . 20 + / - 0 . 26 P < 0 . 05 ] . 
On the contrary , the ER , PR expressions in ectopic endometrial cells were significantly lower only during the proliferative phase ( ER : gland 0 . 65-2 . 17 Vs 1 . 50-3 . 23 , stroma 0 . 45-1 . 03 Vs 0 . 80-1 . 96; PR : gland 0 . 55-1 . 77 Vs 1 . 55-3 . 34 , stroma 0 . 40-1 . 27 Vs 0 . 98-2 . 50; P < 0 . 05-0 . 01 ) ; significantly higher only during the late secretory phase ( ER : gland 3 . 27 + / - 0 . 31 Vs 0 . 28 + / - 0 . 11 , stroma 1 . 87 + / - 0 . 31 Vs 0 . 26 + / - 0 . 15; PR : gland 3 . 33 + / - 0 . 23 Vs 0 . 36 + / - 0 . 23 ) as compared with those of eutopic endometria . 
10 ( -6 ) -10 ( -4 ) mol / L of mifepristone significantly suppressed the expressions of ER , PR in both eutopic and ectopic endometrial cells of endometriosis patients ( P < 0 . 01 ) in a dose-dependent manner . 
CONCLUSIONS : Expression of ER , PR of endometriotic cells differed significantly from that of endometrial cells of patients with or without endometriosis . 
The down-regulatory effect on ER and PR may be one of the therapeutic mechanism of mifepristone on endometriosis . We have found that certain naphthalenesulfonamides [ e . 
g . 
, N-6 ( -aminohexyl ) -5-chloro-1-naphthalenesulfonamide ( W-7 ) ] and phenothiazines [ e . 
g . 
, trifluoperazine ( TFP ) ] induce a loss of cell-surface receptors for alpha 2-macroglobulin , and epidermal growth factor ( EGF ) in fibroblasts . 
The loss of alpha 2-macroglobulin receptors is independent of receptor occupancy and is rapidly reversed upon removal of these agents from the culture medium . 
The extent of EGF receptor loss is less than for alpha 2-macroglobulin , and the EGF receptors do not reappear at the surface when W-7 is removed . 
Receptor loss was measured as a change in the capacity for binding iodinated ligands; no change in affinity of binding was observed . 
This receptor loss could reflect inactivation of receptors or internalization . 
W-7 did not induce a loss of cell surface beta 2-microglobulin , a membrane protein which is excluded from coated pits and which is not internalized , indicating that the effect of W-7 was specific for membrane receptors and not a result of bulk depletion of plasma membrane . 
The loss of alpha 2-macroglobulin and EGF receptors occurs at concentrations which do not cause an increase in the pH of endocytic vesicles or the cytoplasm , indicating that these agents act by a mechanism distinct from the effect of other weak bases . 
Since both TFP and W-7 are potent inhibitors of calmodulin , we investigated the possibility that inhibition of calmodulin was responsible for the loss of receptors . 
Three lines of evidence suggest that calmodulin inhibition is not responsible for the inhibition of binding and endocytosis : 1 ) Promethazine , a phenothiazine that is a poor inhibitor of calmodulin , is nearly as effective as TFP at inhibiting endocytosis; calmidazolium , a potent inhibitor of several calmodulin functions , did not cause a loss of binding; 2 ) the microinjection of calmodulin into cells did not reverse the effects of W-7; using pressure microinjection , we introduced up to a 100-fold excess of calmodulin over native levels into individual gerbil fibroma cells; using rhodamine-labeled alpha 2-macroglobulin , we saw that the W-7 induced inhibition of receptor-mediated endocytosis was the same in injected and uninjected cells; 3 ) we injected calcineurin , a calmodulin-binding protein , into cells ( 1-3 pg / cell ) and observed no effect on the receptor-mediated endocytosis of rhodamine-labeled alpha 2-macroglobulin . 
These data indicated that cell surface receptor numbers can be regulated by a cellular component that is not cytoplasmic calmodulin but that shares some drug sensitivities with calmodulin . Xanthurenic acid ( XA ) , a molecule arising from tryptophan metabolism by transamination of 3-hydroxykynurenine , has recently been identified as an endogenous Group II ( mGlu2 and mGlu3 ) metabotropic glutamate ( mGlu ) receptor ligand in vitro . 
Impairments in Group II mGlu receptor expression and function have been implicated in the pathophysiology of schizophrenia , as have multiple steps in the kynurenine metabolism pathway . 
Therefore , we examined XA in vivo to further investigate its potential as a Group II mGlu receptor ligand using a preparation that has been previously demonstrated to efficiently reveal the action of other Group II mGlu receptor ligands in vivo . 
Extracellular single-neurone recordings were made in the rat ventrobasal thalamus ( VB ) in conjunction with iontophoresis of agonists , an antagonist and a positive allosteric modulator and / or intravenous ( i . 
v . 
) injection of XA . 
We found the XA effect on sensory inhibition , when applied iontophoretically and i . 
v . 
, was similar to that of other Group II mGlu receptor agonists in reducing inhibition evoked in the VB from the thalamic reticular nucleus upon physiological sensory stimulation . 
Furthermore , we postulate that XA may be the first potential endogenous allosteric agonist ( termed 'endocoid' ) for the mGlu receptors . 
As the Group II receptors and kynurenine metabolism pathway have both been heavily implicated in the pathophysiology of schizophrenia , XA could play a pivotal role in antipsychotic research as this potential endocoid represents both a convergence within these two biological parameters and a novel class of Group II mGlu receptor ligand . 
This article is part of a Special Issue entitled 'Metabotropic Glutamate Receptors' . Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2D ( CMT2D ) and distal spinal muscular atrophy type V ( dSMA-V ) are axonal neuropathies characterized by a phenotype that is more severe in the upper extremities . 
We previously implicated mutations in the gene encoding glycyl-tRNA synthetase ( GARS ) as the cause of CMT2D and dSMA-V . 
GARS is a member of the family of aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases responsible for charging tRNA with cognate amino acids; GARS ligates glycine to tRNA ( Gly ) . 
Here , we present functional analyses of disease-associated GARS mutations and show that there are not any significant mutation-associated changes in GARS expression levels; that the majority of identified GARS mutations modeled in yeast severely impair viability; and that , in most cases , mutant GARS protein mislocalizes in neuronal cells . 
Indeed , four of the five mutations studied show loss-of-function features in at least one assay , suggesting that tRNA-charging deficits play a role in disease pathogenesis . 
Finally , we detected endogenous GARS-associated granules in the neurite projections of cultured neurons and in the peripheral nerve axons of normal human tissue . 
These data are particularly important in light of the recent identification of CMT-associated mutations in another tRNA synthetase gene [ YARS ( tyrosyl-tRNA synthetase gene ) ] . 
Together , these findings suggest that tRNA-charging enzymes play a key role in maintaining peripheral axons . In response to intense stress , the tumor protein p53 ( p53 ) tumor suppressor rapidly mounts a direct mitochondrial death program that precedes transcription-mediated apoptosis . 
By eliminating severely damaged cells , this pathway contributes to tumor suppression as well as to cancer cell killing induced by both genotoxic drugs and non-genotoxic p53-reactivating molecules . 
Here we have explored the role had in this pathway by the prolyl-isomerase Pin1 ( peptidylprolyl cis / trans isomerase , NIMA-interacting 1 ) , a crucial transducer of p53's phosphorylation into conformational changes unleashing its pro-apoptotic activity . 
We show that Pin1 promotes stress-induced localization of p53 to mitochondria both in vitro and in vivo . 
In particular , we demonstrate that upon stress-induced phosphorylation of p53 on Ser46 by homeodomain interacting protein kinase 2 , Pin1 stimulates its mitochondrial trafficking signal , that is , monoubiquitination . 
This pathway is induced also by the p53-activating molecule RITA , and we demonstrate the strong requirement of Pin1 for the induction of mitochondrial apoptosis by this compound . 
These findings have significant implications for treatment of p53-expressing tumors and for prospective use of p53-activating compounds in clinics . Obesity continues to be a burgeoning health problem worldwide . 
Before their removal from the market , fenfluramine and the more active enantiomer dexfenfluramine were considered to be among the most effective of weight loss agents . 
Much of the weight loss produced by fenfluramine was attributed to the direct activation of serotonin 5-HT ( 2C ) receptors in the central nervous system via the desmethyl-metabolite of fenfluramine , norfenfluramine . 
Norfenfluramine , however , is non-selective , activating additional serotonin receptors , such as 5-HT ( 2A ) and 5-HT ( 2B ) , which likely mediated the heart valve hypertrophy seen in many patients . 
Development of highly selective 5-HT ( 2C ) agonists may recapitulate the clinical anti-obesity properties observed with fenfluramine while avoiding the significant cardiovascular and pulmonary side effects . Effect of quercetin-rich onion peel extracts on arterial thrombosis in rats . Purification and characterization of a novel hyaluronan-binding protein ( PHBP ) from human plasma : it has three EGF , a kringle and a serine protease domain , similar to hepatocyte growth factor activator . Fischer 344 rats fed on a diet that is deficient in selenium are more resistant to the hepatocarcinogen aflatoxin B1 ( AFB1 ) than those fed on a selenium-sufficient diet . 
Hepatic cytosol from either selenium-deficient Fischer 344 rats or Hooded Lister rats possesses a marked increase in both reductase activity toward AFB1-dialdehyde and glutathione S-transferase ( GST ) activity toward AFB ( 1 ) -8 , 9-epoxide than hepatic cytosol from selenium-sufficient rats . 
The elevation in hepatic AFB1-aldehyde reductase ( AFAR ) activity in selenium-deficient animals is accompanied by an increase of 11- and 15-fold in the levels of AFAR protein in liver cytosol from Fischer 344 and Hooded Lister rats , respectively . 
The amount of AFAR protein in selenium-sufficient and -deficient Fischer rats was modulated by treatment with N-acetylcysteine; this antioxidant reduced basal expression of AFAR but did not modulate the relative overexpression of AFAR during selenium deficiency . 
The enhanced capacity to conjugate glutathione with AFB ( 1 ) -8 , 9-epoxide in selenium-deficient livers from Fischer 344 and Hooded Lister rats is associated with a 5- and 7-fold increase , respectively , in the hepatic levels of the AFB1-metabolizing alpha-class GSTA5 subunit . 
The elevated levels of AFAR and GSTA5 protein in the selenium-deficient animals coincided with increases in the steady-state levels of their mRNAs . 
In selenium-deficient Fischer 344 rats , AFAR and GSTA5 were both found to be expressed throughout the centrilobular and midzonal areas of the liver lobule but were essentially absent from periportal hepatocytes . 
The effect of selenium insufficiency is pleiotropic , and it was also noted that the theta-class GSTT1 is overexpressed 3- and 10-fold in livers of selenium-deficient Hooded Lister and Fischer 344 rats . 
Inasmuch as GSTT1 is responsible for the metabolic activation of dihaloalkanes , selenium deficiency may increase the susceptibility of rats to mutagens such as dichloromethane . The sulfonylurea receptors ( SURs ) ABCC8 / SUR1 and ABCC9 / SUR2 are members of the C-branch of the transport adenosine triphosphatase superfamily . 
Unlike their brethren , the SURs have no identified transport function; instead , evolution has matched these molecules with K ( + ) selective pores , either K ( IR ) 6 . 1 / KCNJ8 or K ( IR ) 6 . 2 / KCNJ11 , to assemble adenosine triphosphate ( ATP ) -sensitive K ( + ) channels found in endocrine cells , neurons , and both smooth and striated muscle . 
Adenine nucleotides , the major regulators of ATP-sensitive K ( + ) ( K ( ATP ) ) channel activity , exert a dual action . 
Nucleotide binding to the pore reduces the activity or channel open probability , whereas Mg-nucleotide binding and / or hydrolysis in the nucleotide-binding domains of SUR antagonize this inhibitory action to stimulate channel openings . 
Mutations in either subunit can alter this balance and , in the case of the SUR1 / KIR6 . 2 channels found in neurons and insulin-secreting pancreatic beta cells , are the cause of monogenic forms of hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia and neonatal diabetes . 
Additionally , the subtle dysregulation of K ( ATP ) channel activity by a K ( IR ) 6 . 2 polymorphism has been suggested as a predisposing factor in type 2 diabetes mellitus . 
Studies on K ( ATP ) channel null mice are clarifying the roles of these metabolically sensitive channels in a variety of tissues . Cytochrome p450-mediated changes in oxycodone pharmacokinetics / pharmacodynamics and their clinical implications . Nanodomain coupling at an excitatory cortical synapse . Despite the recent attention focused on the roles of the nucleotide binding and oligomerization domain-like receptor family pyrin domain-containing 3 ( NLRP3 ) inflammasome in the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes , little is known about the ex vivo profile of inflammasome activation in type 2 diabetic patients . 
In this study , we investigated patterns of NLRP3 inflammasome activation in monocyte-derived macrophages ( MDMs ) from drug-naïve patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes . 
Type 2 diabetic subjects had significantly increased mRNA and protein expression of NLRP3 , apoptosis-associated speck-like protein containing a CARD ( ASC ) , and proinflammatory cytokines in MDMs cultured with autologous sera compared with healthy controls . 
Upregulated interleukin ( IL ) -1β maturation , IL-18 secretion , and caspase-1 cleavage were observed in MDMs from type 2 diabetic patients after stimulation with various danger molecules ( ATP , high-mobility group protein B1 , free fatty acids , islet amyloid polypeptide , and monosodium uric acid crystals ) . 
Mitochondrial reactive oxygen species and NLRP3 were required for IL-1β synthesis in MDMs . 
Finally , 2 months of therapy with the antidiabetic drug metformin significantly inhibited the maturation of IL-1β in MDMs from patients with type 2 diabetes through AMP-activated protein kinase ( AMPK ) activation . 
Taken together , these data suggest that NLRP3 inflammasome activation is elevated in myeloid cells from type 2 diabetic patients and that antidiabetic treatment with metformin contributes to modulation of inflammasome activation in type 2 diabetes . The RNase Protection Assay was used to examine the regulation of D2 and D4 dopamine receptor mRNAs in the cerebral cortex and neostriatum of nonhuman primates after chronic treatment with a wide spectrum of antipsychotic medications ( chlorpromazine , clozapine , haloperidol , molindone , olanzapine , pimozide , remoxipride and risperidone ) . 
Tiapride , a D2 antagonist that lacks antipsychotic activity , was also included . 
All drugs were administered orally for 6 months at doses recommended for humans . 
All antipsychotic drug treatments examined in this study caused a statistically significant up-regulation of both the long and short isoforms of the D2 receptor mRNAs in the prefrontal and temporal cortex . 
Tiapride , in contrast , significantly up-regulated only the level of D2-long mRNA in these areas . 
The same drug treatments produced less uniform effects in the neostriatum than in the cortex : clozapine and olanzapine failed to significantly elevate either D2-long or D2-short receptor messages in this structure unlike all other drugs , including tiapride . 
In both the cerebral cortex and striatum , D4 receptor mRNA was upregulated by certain typical ( chlorpromazine and haloperidol ) and certain atypical ( clozapine , olanzapine and risperidone ) antipsychotic agents as well as by tiapride . 
Other drugs of the typical ( molindone and pimozide ) and atypical ( remoxipride ) classes had no effect on D4 mRNA levels in either cortical or striatal tissue . 
The finding that up-regulation of D2 dopamine receptor mRNAs was a consistently observed effect of a wide range of antipsychotic agents in the cerebral cortex but not in the neostriatum , coupled with the fact that the D2-short isoforms in the cortex were not regulated by a nonantipsychotic D2 antagonist , tiapride , draws attention to the importance of the D2 dopamine receptor in the cerebral cortex as a potentially critical , common site of action of antipsychotic medications . AhR- and NF-κB-dependent induction of interleukin-6 by co-exposure to the environmental contaminant benzanthracene and the cytokine tumor necrosis factor-α in human mammary MCF-7 cells . D2 dopamine receptors colocalize regulator of G-protein signaling 9-2 ( RGS9-2 ) via the RGS9 DEP domain , and RGS9 knock-out mice develop dyskinesias associated with dopamine pathways . Crude composition , fatty acids , sterols , total phenolic content ( TPC ) , individual polyphenols and terpenic acids were determined in five wild edible mushrooms species ( Lactarius deliciosus , Lactarius sanguifluus , Lactarius semisanguifluus , Russula delica , Suillus bellinii ) from Lesvos Island , Greece . 
In addition , the DPPH scavenging capacity , the ferric ion reducing power ( FRAP ) and the ferrous ion chelating activity of mushroom methanolic extracts were assessed . 
Among sterols , ergosterol predominated at concentrations 9 . 2-18 . 0mg / 100g fw . 
Total phenolic content of mushroom extracts ranged from 6 . 0 to 20 . 8mg GAE / 100g fw . 
Up to 19 simple polyphenols were determined in mushrooms extracts , the more abundant being p-OH-benzoic acid , p-OH-phenylacetic acid , o-coumaric acid , ferulic acid and chrysin . 
In addition , the triterpenic acids oleanolic and ursolic were detected for the first time in mushrooms . 
All species exerted antioxidant activity and ferrous ion chelating capacity . 
Principal component analysis revealed good correlations between TPC , DPPH and FRAP but not with metal chelating activity . 
It seems that mushrooms polyphenols exert antiradical and reducing activities , but they are not strong metal chelators , the observed chelating ability being probably due to other classes of compounds . 
To our knowledge , this is the first report on the bioactive microconstituents and antioxidant activity of wild Greek edible mushrooms . Analysis by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry of sterols and oxysterols in brain of the newborn Dhcr7 ( Δ3-5 / T93M ) mouse : A model of Smith-Lemli-Opitz syndrome . Radiotherapy and chemotherapy often induce DNA double-strand breaks in both normal and malignant cells . 
The proteins involved in the repair of such lesions are central to cancer prognosis and treatment , as they can be overexpressed in many cancers , accelerating malignant transformation and increasing repair capacity , potentially leading to cellular resistance . 
If malignant cells can be selectively targeted repair proteins could also be candidates for targeted therapy . 
In this study , two keyplayers in eukaryotic DNA double-strand break repair , Rad51 and DNA-dependent protein kinase catalytic subunit , were analysed in noncancerous human breast cells ( MCF12A ) and the breast cancer cell lines ( MDA MB 231 and MCF7 ) in response to treatment with doxorubicin . 
A cell cycle-independent increase in Rad51 protein levels ( a recombinase involved in homologous recombination repair ) was observed 24 and 48 h after treatment in MDA MB 231 and MCF12A when exposed to low levels of doxorubicin , whereas MCF7 cells displayed a continuous decrease in Rad51 protein with increasing drug concentration . 
DNA-dependent protein kinase catalytic subunit , which is involved in nonhomologous end joining of DNA lesions , remained unaltered under all conditions tested . 
Topoisomerase II-alpha protein , the primary target of doxorubicin , was upregulated at low concentrations of doxorubicin in all cell lines tested . 
Here we show that Rad51 protein levels can be differentially regulated in normal and malignant breast cell lines in response to doxorubicin , independent of cell cycle state . 
These observations have direct relevance to chemosensitivity and add an additional prognostic factor that could be taken into account when designing targeted therapeutic regimes . Lysyl oxidase ( LO ) catalyzes crosslink of collagen , elastin , and histone H1 , stabilizing the extracellular matrix and cell nucleus . 
This enzyme displays dual functions for tumorigenesis , i . 
e . 
, as a tumor suppressor inactivating the ras oncogene and as a tumor promoter enhancing malignant cell metastasis . 
To elucidate LO transcriptional regulation , we have cloned the 804 base pair region upstream of the translation start site ( ATG ) of the rat LO gene with the maximal promoter activity . 
Computer analysis indicated that at least four hypoxia-response element ( HRE ) consensuses ( 5'-ACGTG-3' ) exist in the cloned LO promoter . 
Treatment of rat lung fibroblasts ( RFL6 ) with CoCl2 ( Co , 10-100 μM ) , a chemical hypoxia reagent , enhanced LO mRNA expression and promoter activities . 
Overexpression of LO was associated with upregulation of hypoxia-inducible factor ( HIF ) -1α at mRNA levels in cobalt ( Co ) -treated cells . 
Thus , LO is a hypoxia-responsive gene . 
Dominant negative-HIF-1α inhibited LO promoter activities stimulated by Co . 
Electrophoretic mobility shift , oligonucleotide competition , and in vitro translated HIF-1α binding assays indicated that only one HRE mapped at -387 / -383 relative to ATG was functionally active among four consensuses . 
Site-directed mutation of this HRE significantly diminished the Co-induced and LO promoter-directed expression of the reporter gene . 
Cadmium ( Cd ) , an inducer of reactive oxygen species , inhibited HIF-1α mRNA expression and HIF-1α binding to the LO gene in Co-treated cells as revealed by RT-PCR and ChIP assays , respectively . 
Thus , modulation of the HRE activity by Co and Cd plays a critical role in LO gene transactivation . The cytochrome P450 superfamily encompasses a diverse group of enzymes that catalyze the oxidation of various substrates . 
The mouse CYP2J subfamily includes members that have wide tissue distribution and are active in the metabolism of arachidonic acid ( AA ) , linoleic acid ( LA ) , and other lipids and xenobiotics . 
The mouse Cyp2j locus contains seven genes and three pseudogenes located in a contiguous 0 . 62 megabase cluster on chromosome 4 . 
We describe four new mouse CYP2J isoforms ( designated CYP2J8 , CYP2J11 , CYP2J12 , and CYP2J13 ) . 
The four cDNAs contain open reading frames that encode polypeptides with 62-84% identity with the three previously identified mouse CYP2Js . 
All four new CYP2J proteins were expressed in Sf21 insect cells . 
Each recombinant protein metabolized AA and LA to epoxides and hydroxy derivatives . 
Specific antibodies , mRNA probes , and polymerase chain reaction primer sets were developed for each mouse CYP2J to examine their tissue distribution . 
CYP2J8 transcripts were found in the kidney , liver , and brain , and protein expression was confirmed in the kidney and brain ( neuropil ) . 
CYP2J11 transcripts were most abundant in the kidney and heart , with protein detected primarily in the kidney ( proximal convoluted tubules ) , liver , and heart ( cardiomyocytes ) . 
CYP2J12 transcripts were prominently present in the brain , and CYP2J13 transcripts were detected in multiple tissues , with the highest expression in the kidney . 
CYP2J12 and CYP2J13 protein expression could not be determined because the antibodies developed were not immunospecific . 
We conclude that the four new CYP2J isoforms might be involved in the metabolism of AA and LA to bioactive lipids in mouse hepatic and extrahepatic tissues . Pharmacological dissection and distribution of NaN / Nav1 . 9 , T-type Ca2 + currents , and mechanically activated cation currents in different populations of DRG neurons . Treatment of Primary Chronic Glomerulonephritis with Rehmannia Glutinosa Acteosides in Combination with the Angiotensin Receptor Blocker Irbesartan : A Randomized Controlled Trial . AIM : To examine whether ( - ) -stepholidine ( SPD ) has a direct effect on the N-methyl- D-aspartic acid receptors ( NMDAR ) containing the NMDA receptor subunits NR2A or NR2B and to compare its effect with those of haloperidol ( Hal ) and clozapine ( Cloz ) . 
METHODS : NMDAR was transiently expressed in human embryonic kidney 293 ( HEK293 ) cells . 
Changes in intracellular calcium concentration ( [ Ca2 + ] i ) induced by NMDAR activation were monitored with Fura-2 ratio imaging techniques . 
RESULTS : SPD had no significant effects on either subunit of NMDAR at a concentration of less than 100 micromol / L . 
Hal selectively inhibited NMDAR containing the NR2B subunit , whereas Cloz inhibited both subunits of NMDAR . 
Although both Hal and Cloz inhibited NR1a / NR2B receptor-mediated Ca2 + influx , their effects were different . 
Hal was more potent and had a faster peak effect than Cloz . 
CONCLUSION : Both Hal and Cloz inhibit NMDAR-mediated function , whereas SPD produced only a little inhibition at a high concentration . 
Based on our other studies , the modulation of SPD on NMDAR function may be via D1 receptor action underlying an indirect mechanism . Maqui berry ( Aristotelia chilensis ) and the constituent delphinidin glycoside inhibit photoreceptor cell death induced by visible light . Structure and energetics of gas phase halogen-bonding in mono- , bi- , and tri-dentate anion receptors as studied by BIRD . ATP-sensitive potassium ( K ( ATP ) ) channels are weak , inward rectifiers that couple metabolic status to cell membrane electrical activity , thus modulating many cellular functions . 
An increase in the ADP / ATP ratio opens K ( ATP ) channels , leading to membrane hyperpolarization . 
K ( ATP ) channels are ubiquitously expressed in neurons located in different regions of the brain , including the hippocampus and cortex . 
Brief hypoxia triggers membrane hyperpolarization in these central neurons . 
In vivo animal studies confirmed that knocking out the Kir6 . 2 subunit of the K ( ATP ) channels increases ischemic infarction , and overexpression of the Kir6 . 2 subunit reduces neuronal injury from ischemic insults . 
These findings provide the basis for a practical strategy whereby activation of endogenous K ( ATP ) channels reduces cellular damage resulting from cerebral ischemic stroke . 
K ( ATP ) channel modulators may prove to be clinically useful as part of a combination therapy for stroke management in the future . Griseofulvin inhibits the growth of adrenocortical cancer cells in vitro . Effects of Crataegus microphylla on vascular dysfunction in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats . Gliotransmission and brain glucose sensing : critical role of endozepines . The involvement of heme oxygenase 1 but not nitric oxide synthase 2 in a hepatoprotective action of quercetin in lipopolysaccharide-induced hepatotoxicity of d-galactosamine sensitized rats . The conserved PHD1-PHD2 domain of ZFP-1 / AF10 is a discrete functional module essential for viability in Caenorhabditis elegans . Four new lanostane triterpenes , butyl lucidenate P ( 1 ) , butyl lucidenate D ( 2 ) ( 2 ) , butyl lucidenate E ( 2 ) ( 3 ) and butyl lucidenate Q ( 4 ) along with 11 known compounds ( 5-15 ) were isolated from the fruiting bodies of Ganoderma lucidum . 
Their chemical structures were established mainly by 1D and 2D NMR techniques and mass spectrometry . 
Their anti-inflammatory activity was evaluated against LPS-induced NO production in macrophage RAW 264 . 7 cells . 
Compounds 1 , 3 , 4 , 9 , 10 and 15 showed inhibitory potency with IC ( 50 ) values of 7 . 4 , 6 . 4 , 4 . 3 , 9 . 4 , 9 . 2 and 4 . 5 μM , respectively . 
Compounds 1 , 3 and 15 dose-dependently reduced the LPS-induced iNOS expressions . 
Preincubation of cell with 1 , 3 and 15 significantly suppressed LPS-induced expression of COX-2 protein . Levothyroxine replacement therapy with vitamin E supplementation prevents oxidative stress and cognitive deficit in experimental hypothyroidism . Glucocorticosteroids affect functions of airway- and blood-derived human T-cell clones , favoring the Th1 profile through two mechanisms . Correlation of high urinary Smad1 level with glomerular hyperfiltration in type 2 diabetes mellitus . BACKGROUND : Acid-sensing ion channels ( ASICs ) have long been known to sense extracellular protons and contribute to sensory perception . 
Peripheral ASIC3 channels represent natural sensors of acidic and inflammatory pain . 
We recently reported the use of a synthetic compound , 2-guanidine-4-methylquinazoline ( GMQ ) , to identify a novel nonproton sensing domain in the ASIC3 channel , and proposed that , based on its structural similarity with GMQ , the arginine metabolite agmatine ( AGM ) may be an endogenous nonproton ligand for ASIC3 channels . 
RESULTS : Here , we present further evidence for the physiological correlation between AGM and ASIC3 . 
Among arginine metabolites , only AGM and its analog arcaine ( ARC ) activated ASIC3 channels at neutral pH in a sustained manner similar to GMQ . 
In addition to the homomeric ASIC3 channels , AGM also activated heteromeric ASIC3 plus ASIC1b channels , extending its potential physiological relevance . 
Importantly , the process of activation by AGM was highly sensitive to mild acidosis , hyperosmolarity , arachidonic acid ( AA ) , lactic acid and reduced extracellular Ca2 + . 
AGM-induced ASIC3 channel activation was not through the chelation of extracellular Ca2 + as occurs with increased lactate , but rather through a direct interaction with the newly identified nonproton ligand sensing domain . 
Finally , AGM cooperated with the multiple inflammatory signals to cause pain-related behaviors in an ASIC3-dependent manner . 
CONCLUSIONS : Nonproton ligand sensing domain might represent a novel mechanism for activation or sensitization of ASIC3 channels underlying inflammatory pain-sensing under in vivo conditions . Phosphodiesterase inhibitors . 
Part 5 : hybrid PDE3 / 4 inhibitors as dual bronchorelaxant / anti-inflammatory agents for inhaled administration . This study evaluated the effect of methylsulfonylmethane ( MSM ) on carbon tetrachloride ( CCl4 ) -induced acute liver injury in rats . 
A single injection of CCl4 ( 2 ml / kg , i . 
p . 
) increased serum aminotransferases ( ALT and AST ) activities . 
In addition , CCl4 treatment led to elevation of hepatic malondialdehyde ( MDA ) content as well as decrease in superoxide dismutase ( SOD ) and catalase ( CAT ) activities . 
Furthermore , cytochrome P450 2E1 ( CYP2E1 ) content was suppressed while proinflammatory cytokines tumour necrosis factor-α ( TNF-α ) and interleukin-6 ( IL-6 ) levels increased in liver tissue after CCl4 administration . 
We showed that acute CCl4-induced damage was accompanied by a rise in Bax / Bcl2 ratio indicating apoptosis . 
Pre-treatment with MSM ( 400 mg / kg ) inhibited the increases of serum ALT and AST activities , decreased hepatic MDA , TNF-α , IL-6 and Bax / Bcl2 ratio compared to CCl4 treated group . 
On the other hand , MSM raised SOD and CAT activities as well as CYP2E1 level in liver tissues . 
The present study shows that MSM possesses a hepatoprotective effect against CCl4-induced liver injury in rats . 
This protective effect might be through its antioxidant , anti-inflammatory and antiapoptotic properties . Antifungal activity in Saccharomyces cerevisiae is modulated by calcium signalling . Methionine adenosyltransferase II beta subunit gene expression provides a proliferative advantage in human hepatoma . Dietary intake of macronutrients ( carbohydrate , protein , and fat ) has been associated with risk of chronic conditions such as obesity and diabetes . 
Family studies have reported a moderate contribution of genetics to variation in macronutrient intake . 
In a genome-wide meta-analysis of a population-based discovery cohort ( n = 33 533 ) , rs838133 in FGF21 ( 19q13 . 33 ) , rs197273 near TRAF family member-associated NF-kappa-B activator ( TANK ) ( 2p24 . 2 ) , and rs10163409 in FTO ( 16q12 . 2 ) were among the top associations ( P < 10 ( -5 ) ) for percentage of total caloric intake from protein and carbohydrate . 
rs838133 was replicated in silico in an independent sample from the Cohorts for Heart and Aging Research in Genomic Epidemiology Consortium ( CHARGE ) Nutrition Working Group ( n = 38 360 ) and attained genome-wide significance in combined analysis ( Pjoint = 7 . 9 × 10 ( -9 ) ) . 
A cytokine involved in cellular metabolism , FGF21 is a potential susceptibility gene for obesity and type 2 diabetes . 
Our results highlight the potential of genetic variation for determining dietary macronutrient intake . Induction of hepatic multidrug resistance-associated protein 3 by ethynylestradiol is independent of cholestasis and mediated by estrogen receptor . The pH-dependent distribution of the photosensitizer chlorin e6 among plasma proteins and membranes : a physico-chemical approach . Trans-chromosomic mice containing a human CYP3A cluster for prediction of xenobiotic metabolism in humans . Mouse alcohol dehydrogenase 4 : kinetic mechanism , substrate specificity and simulation of effects of ethanol on retinoid metabolism . OPINION STATEMENT : Treatment of early stage breast cancer requires a multimodality approach in order to eradicate residual cancer and prevent recurrent disease . 
Targeting the pathways that promote or sustain cancer cell growth and invasion is critical to the effective treatment of breast and other cancers . 
Overexpression of the family of HER receptors have been associated with a variety of malignancies; the first and best studied is the association of overexpression of the HER2 / neu receptor with a more aggressive breast cancer phenotype and poorer survival . 
A humanized antibody to HER2 / neu , trastuzumab , is now FDA approved for the treatment of early stage , HER2 / neu overexpressing breast cancer sequenced with chemotherapy including doxorubicin , cyclophosphamide , and paclitaxel . 
Additional international and national studies support the significant impact of trastuzumab on both disease free and overall survival in women with this aggressive form of breast cancer . 
Toxicity includes a low but clear risk of congestive heart failure , and the large phase III trials have helped to determine which patients are at higher risk for this complication . 
Non-anthracycline containing regimens are an alternative therapy associated with reduced cardiac toxicity . 
Trastuzumab therapy is now the standard of care for the treatment of early stage , HER2 / neu positive breast cancer given in combination with one of several chemotherapy regimens . 
Ongoing questions include the appropriate duration of trastuzumab treatment as well as the optimal chemotherapy regimen and sequence . 
The next large phase III adjuvant trial for this subset of breast cancer is an international collaboration designed to evaluate the added or alternative benefit of an oral tyrosine kinase inhibitor targeting HER2 / neu as well as the epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) , lapatinib . 
Other trials are investigating differences in duration . 
Studies in the neoadjuvant setting should help to define markers of trastuzumab and lapatinib sensitivity and resistance . 
Preliminary data combining trastuzumab with the antiangiogenic antibody bevacizumab is encouraging; this combination will be tested in both early stage and late stage disease . We conducted studies to determine whether functional beta 2-adrenoceptors are present in cultured rat proximal tubule epithelial cells . 
To determine whether cultured cells maintain polarity with respect to sodium transport , cells were acid loaded . 
Acid loading resulted in stimulation of sodium transport . 
Exposure of acid-loaded cells to alkaline extracellular pH further enhanced sodium transport ( 22Na flux at pH 7 . 50 was 68 . 1 + / - 44% above pH 7 . 00 , P < 0 . 05 ) . 
Cultured proximal tubules also exhibited basolateral 86Rb uptake , 65% of which was ouabain sensitive . 
Thus cultured cells maintain apical Na / H antiport and basolateral Na-K-adenosinetriphosphatase ( Na-K-ATPase ) . 
Metaproterenol ( 10 ( -6 ) M ) , a selective beta 2-agonist , stimulated Na-K-ATPase activity by 36 + / - 6% above control ( P < 0 . 05 ) . 
The stimulatory effect was blocked by ICI-118551 , a selective beta 2-antagonist . 
To determine whether metaproterenol-dependent increases in Na-K-ATPase were dependent on apical sodium entry , apical entry was blocked with dimethylamiloride or maximized with monensin . 
Both dimethylamiloride and monensin prevented metaproterenol activation of Na-K-ATPase . 
Metaproterenol-mediated increases in Na-K-ATPase activity were associated with increases in sodium transport ( 27 + / - 10% above control , P < 0 . 05 ) , which was prevented by dimethylamiloride . 
In contrast to isoproterenol , metaproterenol did not stimulate cAMP production . 
In summary , we have shown that functional beta 2-adrenoceptors are present on cultured rat proximal tubules . 
beta 2-Adrenoceptor activation results in increases in Na-K-ATPase and Na transport as a consequence of increased apical sodium entry . DNA topoisomerase I ( Top1p ) catalyzes the relaxation of supercoiled DNA via a concerted mechanism of DNA strand cleavage and religation . 
Top1p is the cellular target of the anti-cancer drug camptothecin ( CPT ) , which reversibly stabilizes a covalent enzyme-DNA intermediate . 
Top1p clamps around duplex DNA , wherein the core and C-terminal domains are connected by extended alpha-helices ( linker domain ) , which position the active site Tyr of the C-terminal domain within the catalytic pocket . 
The physical connection of the linker with the Top1p clamp as well as linker flexibility affect enzyme sensitivity to CPT . 
Crystallographic data reveal that a conserved Gly residue ( located at the juncture between the linker and C-terminal domains ) is at one end of a short alpha-helix , which extends to the active site Tyr covalently linked to the DNA . 
In the presence of drug , the linker is rigid and this alpha-helix extends to include Gly and the preceding Leu . 
We report that mutation of this conserved Gly in yeast Top1p alters enzyme sensitivity to CPT . 
Mutating Gly to Asp , Glu , Asn , Gln , Leu , or Ala enhanced enzyme CPT sensitivity , with the acidic residues inducing the greatest increase in drug sensitivity in vivo and in vitro . 
By contrast , Val or Phe substituents rendered the enzyme CPT-resistant . 
Mutation-induced alterations in enzyme architecture preceding the active site Tyr suggest these structural transitions modulate enzyme sensitivity to CPT , while enhancing the rate of DNA cleavage . 
We postulate that this conserved Gly residue provides a flexible hinge within the Top1p catalytic pocket to facilitate linker dynamics and the structural alterations that accompany drug binding of the covalent enzyme-DNA intermediate . Proprotein convertase subtilisin / kexin 9 ( PCSK9 ) has been shown to degrade hepatic low-density lipoprotein receptors ( LDLR ) . 
Gain-of-function mutations promote the development of familial hypercholesterolemia , whereas loss-of-function mutations are associated with lower levels of circulating low-density lipoprotein cholesterol ( LDL-C ) and significant protection against coronary heart disease . 
The major classes of commonly prescribed lipid-lowering medications , such as statins , increase serum PCSK9 levels , thus PCSK9 inhibition would increase the efficacy of statins on LDL-C lowering . 
Therefore , PCSK9 is an attractive therapeutic target for the new generation of cholesterol-lowering drugs . 
Here , we present a brief overview of the development of PCSK9 inhibitors and highlight the effect of currently prescribed LDL-C-lowering drugs on PCSK9 , and the strategies that are being explored for its therapeutic inhibition . 
Current research and clinical trial results indicate that a PCSK9 inhibitor may be an exciting new therapeutic drug for the treatment of dyslipidemia and relevant cardiovascular diseases . N-3 PUFAs reduce oxidative stress in ESRD patients on maintenance HD by inhibiting 5-lipoxygenase activity . Metabolism and quantification of [ ( 18 ) F ] DPA-714 , a new TSPO positron emission tomography radioligand . We previously reported that a human immunodeficiency virus type 1 ( HIV-1 ) clade B envelope protein with a severely truncated V3 loop regained function after passage in tissue culture . 
The adapted virus , termed TA1 , retained the V3 truncation , was exquisitely sensitive to neutralization by the CD4 binding site monoclonal antibody b12 and by HIV-positive human sera , used CCR5 to enter cells , and was completely resistant to small molecule CCR5 antagonists . 
To examine the mechanistic basis for these properties , we singly and in combination introduced each of the 5 mutations from the adapted clone TA1 into the unadapted envelope . 
We found that single amino acid changes in the C3 region , the V3 loop , and in the fusion peptide were responsible for imparting near-normal levels of envelope function to TA1 . 
T342A , which resulted in the loss of a highly conserved glycosylation site in C3 , played the primary role . 
The adaptive amino acid changes had no impact on CCR5 antagonist resistance but made virus more sensitive to neutralization by antibodies to the CD4 binding site , modestly enhanced affinity for CD4 , and made TA1 more responsive to CD4 binding . 
Specifically , TA1 was triggered by soluble CD4 more readily than the parental Env and , unlike the parental Env , could mediate entry on cells that express low levels of CD4 . 
In contrast , TA1 interacted with CCR5 less efficiently and was highly sensitive to antibodies that bind to the CCR5 N terminus and ECL2 . 
Therefore , enhanced utilization of CD4 is one mechanism by which HIV-1 can overcome mutations in the V3 region that negatively affect CCR5 interactions . The options for migraine treatment have increased in the recent years and will expand in the near future . 
In this work both recent and future options for migraine treatment are critically reviewed . 
Firstly the late advances in the symptomatic treatment of migraine , including the new 5-HT1B / D agonists "triptans" appeared after sumatriptan , are reviewed . 
Possible alternative , such as selective 5-HT1D and 5-HT1F agonists , are also discussed . 
In the second part of this manuscript the new , possible options for the preventive treatment of migraine comprising "antiepileptics" , such as valproic acid , gabapentin and topiramate , calcium-antagonists , such as cyclandelate and dotarizin , and a miscellany , including riboflavin , are analysed . 
Finally , possible compounds for the future , such as the selective inhibitors of neurokinin receptors or drugs acting upon neuronal calcium channels , are commented . 
From this review we conclude that while there have been relevant advances in the symptomatic treatment of migraine , there is a need for the development of better preventive compounds . Retinoids control anterior and dorsal properties in the developing forebrain . Leptin overexpression in VTA trans-activates the hypothalamus whereas prolonged leptin action in either region cross-desensitizes . Inflammatory bowel disease ( IBD ) is a chronic inflammatory disorder in the intestine which involves overproduction of pro-inflammatory cytokines and excessive functions of inflammatory cells . 
However , current treatments for IBD may have potential adverse effects including steroid dependence , infections and lymphoma . 
Therefore new therapies or drug candidates for the treatment of IBD are desperately needed . 
In the present study we found that icariin , a major bioactive compound from plants in Epimedium family , exerted protective effect on intestinal inflammation in mice induced by dextran sulfate sodium . 
Oral administration of icariin significantly attenuated the disease progression and alleviated the pathological changes of colitis . 
It also inhibited the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines and expression of p-p65 , p-STAT1 and p-STAT3 in colon tissues . 
Further study showed that icariin dose-dependently inhibited the proliferation and activation of T lymphocytes , and suppressed pro-inflammatory cytokine levels of activated T cells . 
Moreover , icariin treatment inhibited the phosphorylations of STAT1 and STAT3 in CD4 ( + ) T cells , which were the crucial transcription factors for Th1 and Th17 respectively . 
Taken together , these results indicate that icariin is a potential therapeutic agent for IBD . Vitamin C transport and SVCT1 transporter expression in chick renal proximal tubule cells in culture . The mechanisms of toxicity related to human hepatocellular carcinoma HepG2 cell exposures to cadmium telluride quantum dots ( CdTe-QDs ) were investigated . 
CdTe-QDs caused cytotoxicity in HepG2 cells in a dose- and time-dependent manner . 
Treated cells showed an increase in reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) . 
Altered antioxidant levels were demonstrated by depletion of reduced glutathione ( GSH ) , a decreased ratio of reduced glutathione to oxidized glutathione ( GSH / GSSG ) and an increased NF-E2-related Factor 2 ( Nrf2 ) activation . 
Enzyme assays showed that superoxide dismutase ( SOD ) activity was elevated whereas catalase ( CAT ) and glutathione-S-transferase ( GST ) activities were depressed . 
Further analyses revealed that CdTe-QD exposure resulted in apoptosis , indicated by changes in levels of caspase-3 activity , poly ADP-ribose polymerase ( PARP ) cleavage and phosphatidylserine externalization . 
Extrinsic apoptotic pathway markers such as Fas levels and caspase-8 activity increased as a result of CdTe-QD exposure . 
Involvement of the intrinsic / mitochondrial apoptotic pathway was indicated by decreased levels of B-cell lymphoma 2 ( Bcl2 ) protein and mitochondrial cytochrome c , and by increased levels of mitochondrial Bcl-2-associated X protein ( Bax ) and cytosolic cytochrome c . 
Further , mitogen-activated protein kinases ( MAPKs ) such as c-Jun N-terminal kinases ( JNK ) , extracellular signal-regulated kinases ( Erk1 / 2 ) , and p38 were all activated . 
Our findings reveal that CdTe-QDs cause oxidative stress , interfere with antioxidant defenses and activate protein kinases , leading to apoptosis via both extrinsic and intrinsic pathways . 
Since the effects of CdTe-QDs on selected biomarkers were similar or greater compared to those of CdCl2 at equivalent concentrations of cadmium , the study suggests that the toxicity of CdTe-QDs arises from a combination of the effects of cadmium and ROS generated from the NPs . Inhalation of iloprost , a stable prostacyclin ( PGI ( 2 ) ) analog , is a well-accepted and safe treatment for pulmonary arterial hypertension . 
Although iloprost mainly acts as a vasodilator by binding to the I prostanoid ( IP ) receptor , recent evidence suggests that signaling via this receptor also has antiinflammatory effects through unclear mechanisms . 
Here we show in a murine model of asthma that iloprost inhalation suppressed the cardinal features of asthma when given during the priming or challenge phase . 
As a mechanism of action , iloprost interfered with the function of lung myeloid DCs , critical antigen-presenting cells of the airways . 
Iloprost treatment inhibited the maturation and migration of lung DCs to the mediastinal LNs , thereby abolishing the induction of an allergen-specific Th2 response in these nodes . 
The effect of iloprost was DC autonomous , as iloprost-treated DCs no longer induced Th2 differentiation from naive T cells or boosted effector cytokine production in primed Th2 cells . 
These data should pave the way for a clinical effectiveness study using inhaled iloprost for the treatment of asthma . In eukaryotes , L-carnitine is involved in energy metabolism by facilitating beta-oxidation of fatty acids . 
Carnitine acetyltransferases ( CrAT ) catalyze the reversible conversion of acetyl-CoA and carnitine to acetylcarnitine and free CoA . 
To redesign the specificity of rat CrAT toward its substrates , we mutated Met564 . 
The M564G mutated CrAT showed higher activity toward longer chain acyl-CoAs : activity toward myristoyl-CoA was 1250-fold higher than that of the wild-type CrAT , and lower activity toward its natural substrate , acetyl-CoA . 
Kinetic constants of the mutant CrAT showed modification in favor of longer acyl-CoAs as substrates . 
In the reverse case , mutation of the orthologous glycine ( Gly553 ) to methionine in carnitine octanoyltransferase ( COT ) decreased activity toward its natural substrates , medium- and long-chain acyl-CoAs , and increased activity toward short-chain acyl-CoAs . 
Another CrAT mutant , M564A , was prepared and tested in the same way , with similar results . 
We conclude that Met564 blocks the entry of medium- and long-chain acyl-CoAs to the catalytic site of CrAT . 
Three-dimensional models of wild-type and mutated CrAT and COT support this hypothesis . 
We show for the first time that a single amino acid is able to determine the substrate specificity of CrAT and COT . Intracellular localization of the BCL-2 family member BOK and functional implications . BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE : Adenosine is a major endogenous regulator of macrophage function , and activates four specific adenosine receptors ( A ( 1 ) , A ( 2A ) , A ( 2B ) and A ( 3 ) ) . 
Here , we have assessed in human lung macrophages the modulation of the expression of adenosine receptor mRNA by lipopolysaccharide ( LPS ) , and the relative contributions of the different adenosine receptors to LPS-induced production of tumour necrosis factor ( TNF ) -alpha and chemokines . 
EXPERIMENTAL APPROACH : Lung macrophages isolated from resected lungs were stimulated with LPS and treated with adenosine receptor agonists or / and antagonists . 
Adenosine receptor expression was assessed with qRT-PCR . 
Cytokines were measured in lung macrophage supernatants with elisa . 
KEY RESULTS : LPS increased ( about 400-fold ) mRNA for A ( 2A ) adenosine receptors , decreased mRNA for A ( 1 ) and A ( 2B ) , but had no effect on A ( 3 ) adenosine receptor mRNA . 
The adenosine receptor agonist NECA inhibited TNF-alpha production concentration dependently , whereas the A ( 1 ) receptor agonist , CCPA , and the A ( 3 ) receptor agonist , AB-MECA , inhibited TNF-alpha production only at concentrations affecting A ( 2A ) receptors . 
NECA also inhibited the production of CCL chemokines ( CCL2 , CCL3 , CCL4 , CCL5 ) and CXCL chemokines ( CXCL9 and CXCL10 ) , but not that of CXCL1 , CXCL8 and CXCL5 . 
Reversal of NECA-induced inhibition of TNF-alpha and chemokine production by the selective A ( 2A ) adenosine receptor antagonist ZM 241385 , but not the A ( 2B ) receptor antagonist , MRS 1754 , or the A ( 3 ) receptor antagonist , MRS 1220 , indicated involvement of A ( 2A ) receptors . 
CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS : LPS up-regulated A ( 2A ) adenosine receptor gene transcription , and this receptor subtype mediated inhibition of the LPS-induced production of TNF-alpha and of a subset of chemokines in human lung macrophages . Arylglycine derivatives as potent transient receptor potential melastatin 8 ( TRPM8 ) antagonists . Folate Conjugation to Polymeric Micelles via Boronic Acid Ester to Deliver Platinum Drugs to Ovarian Cancer Cell Lines . High salt diets during pregnancy affected fetal and offspring renal renin-angiotensin system . Inhibition of gelatinase A ( MMP-2 ) by batimastat and captopril reduces tumor growth and lung metastases in mice bearing Lewis lung carcinoma . Beta-adrenoceptor antagonists ( "beta-blockers" ) are one of the most widely used classes of drugs in cardiovascular medicine ( hypertension , ischaemic heart disease and increasingly in heart failure ) as well as in the management of anxiety , migraine and glaucoma . 
Where known , the mode of action in cardiovascular disease is from antagonism of endogenous catecholamine responses in the heart ( mainly at beta1-adrenoceptors ) , while the worrisome side effects of bronchospasm result from airway beta2-adrenoceptor blockade . 
The aim of this study was to determine the selectivity of beta-antagonists for the human beta-adrenoceptor subtypes . 
( 3 ) H-CGP 12177 whole cell-binding studies were undertaken in CHO cell lines stably expressing either the human beta1- , beta2- or the beta3-adrenoceptor in order to determine the affinity of ligands for each receptor subtype in the same cell background . 
In this study , the selectivity of well-known subtype-selective ligands was clearly demonstrated : thus , the selective beta1 antagonist CGP 20712A was 501-fold selective over beta2 and 4169-fold selective over beta3; the beta2-selective antagonist ICI 118551 was 550- and 661-fold selective over beta1 and beta3 , respectively , and the selective beta3 compound CL 316243 was 10-fold selective over beta2 and more than 129-fold selective over beta1 . 
Those beta2-adrenoceptor agonists used clinically for the treatment of asthma and COPD were beta2 selective : 29- , 61- and 2818-fold for salbutamol , terbutaline and salmeterol over beta1 , respectively . 
There was little difference in the affinity of these ligands between beta1 and beta3 adrenoceptors . 
The clinically used beta-antagonists studied ranged from bisoprolol ( 14-fold beta1-selective ) to timolol ( 26-fold beta2-selective ) . 
However , the majority showed little selectivity for the beta1- over the beta2-adrenoceptor , with many actually being more beta2-selective . 
This study shows that the beta1 / beta2 selectivity of most clinically used beta-blockers is poor in intact cells , and that some compounds that are traditionally classed as "beta1-selective" actually have higher affinity for the beta2-adrenoceptor . 
There is therefore considerable potential for developing more selective beta-antagonists for clinical use and thereby reducing the side-effect profile of beta-blockers . Adenine phosphoribosyltransferase plays a role in purine salvage by catalyzing the direct conversion of adenine to adenosine monophosphate . 
The involvement of the purine salvage pathway in tumor proliferation and angiogenesis makes adenine phosphoribosyltransferase a potential target for oncology drug discovery . 
We have expressed and characterized recombinant , N-terminally His-tagged human adenine phosphoribosyltransferase . 
Two assay formats were assessed for use in a high throughput screen : a spectrophotometric-based enzyme-coupled assay system and a radiometric ionic capture scintillation proximity bead assay format . 
Ultimately , the scintillation proximity assay format was chosen because of automated screening compatibility limitations of the coupled assay . 
We describe here the biochemical characterization of adenine phosphoribosyltransferase and the development of a robust , homogeneous , 384-well assay suitable for high throughput screening . Kinetic parameters and lactate dehydrogenase isozyme activities support possible lactate utilization by neurons . Pharmacological , pharmacokinetic and clinical properties of olopatadine hydrochloride , a new antiallergic drug . On the relationship between the dopamine transporter and the reinforcing effects of local anesthetics in rhesus monkeys : practical and theoretical concerns . Circulating glucagon to ghrelin ratio as a determinant of insulin resistance in hyperthyroidism . Mechanisms leading to down-regulation of activated microglia and astrocytes are poorly understood , in spite of the potentially detrimental role of activated glia in neurodegeneration . 
Prostaglandins , produced both by neurons and glia , may serve as mediators of glial and neuronal functions . 
We examined the influence of cyclopentenone prostaglandins and their precursors on activated glia . 
As models of glial activation , production of inducible nitric-oxide synthase ( iNOS ) was studied in lipopolysaccharide-stimulated rat microglia , a murine microglial cell line BV-2 , and IL-1beta-stimulated rat astrocytes . 
Cyclopentenone prostaglandins were potent inhibitors of iNOS induction and were more effective than their precursors , prostaglandins E2 and D2 . 
15-Deoxy-Delta12 , 14-prostaglandin J2 ( 15d-PGJ2 ) was the most potent prostaglandin among those tested . 
In activated microglia , 15d-PGJ2 suppressed iNOS promoter activity , iNOS mRNA , and protein levels . 
The action of 15d-PGJ2 does not appear to involve its nuclear receptor peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma ( PPARgamma ) because troglitazone , a specific ligand of PPARgamma , was unable to inhibit iNOS induction , and neither troglitazone nor 15d-PGJ2 could stimulate the activity of a PPAR-dependent promoter in the absence of cotransfected PPARgamma . 
15d-PGJ2 did not block nuclear translocation or DNA-binding activity of the transcription factor NFkappaB , but it did inhibit the activity of an NFkappaB reporter construct , suggesting that the mechanism of suppression of microglial iNOS by 15d-PGJ2 may involve interference with NFkappaB transcriptional activity in the nucleus . 
Thus , our data suggest the existence of a novel pathway mediated by cyclopentenone prostaglandins , which may represent part of a feedback mechanism leading to the cessation of inflammatory glial responses in the brain . The existence of multiple affinity states for the opiate receptor in neuroblastoma x glioma NG108-15 hybrid cells has been demonstrated by competition binding studies with tritiated diprenorphine and [ D-Ala2 , D-Leu5 ] enkephalin ( DADLE ) . 
In the presence of 10 mM Mg2 + , all receptors exist in a high affinity state with Kd = 1 . 88 + / - 0 . 16 nM . 
Addition of 10 microM guanyl-5'-yl imidodiphosphate ( Gpp ( NH ) p ) decreased the affinity of DADLE to Kd = 8 . 08 + / - 0 . 93 nM . 
However , in the presence of 100 mM Na + , which is required for opiate inhibition of adenylate cyclase activity , analysis of competition binding data revealed three sites : the first , consisting of 17 . 5% of total receptor population has a Kd = 0 . 38 + / - 0 . 18 nM; the second , 50 . 6% of the population , has a Kd = 6 . 8 + / - 2 . 2 nM; and the third , 31 . 9% of the population , has a Kd of 410 + / - 110 nM . 
Thus , in the presence of sodium , a high affinity complex between receptor ( R ) , GTP binding component ( Ni ) , and ligand ( L ) was formed which was different from that formed in the absence of sodium . 
These multiple affinity states of receptor in the hybrid cells are agonist-specific , and the percentage of total opiate receptor in high affinity state is relatively constant in various concentrations of Na + . 
Multiple affinity states of opiate receptor can be demonstrated further by Scatchard analysis of saturation binding studies with [ 3H ] DADLE . 
In the presence of Mg2 + , or Gpp ( NH ) p , analysis of [ 3H ] DADLE binding demonstrates that opiate receptor can exist in a single affinity state , with apparent Kd values of [ 3H ] DADLE in 10 mM Mg2 + = 1 . 75 + / - 0 . 28 nM and in 10 microM Gpp ( NH ) p = 0 . 85 + / - 0 . 12 nM . 
There is a reduction of Bmax value from 0 . 19 + / - 0 . 02 nM in the presence of Mg2 + to 0 . 14 + / - 0 . 03 nM in the presence of Gpp ( NH ) p . 
In the presence of 100 mM Na + , Scatchard analysis of saturation binding of [ 3H ] DADLE reveals nonlinear plots; two-site analysis of the curves yields Kd = 0 . 43 + / - 0 . 09 and 7 . 9 + / - 3 . 2 nM . 
These Kd values are analogous to that obtained with competition binding studies . 
Again , this conversion of single site binding Scatchard plots to multiple sites binding plots in the presence of Na + is restricted to 3H-agonist binding only . 
( ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS ) Human follistatin is a regulatory glycoprotein with widespread biologic functions , including antiinflammatory activities , wound-healing properties , and muscle-stimulating effects . 
The role of follistatin in a wide range of biologic activities shows promise for potential clinical application , which has prompted considerable interest in the investigation of the protein as a potential disease-modifying agent . 
In spite of this potential , the development of follistatin as a broad use biotherapeutic has been severely hindered by a poor understanding and characterization of its pharmacokinetic / pharmacodynamic ( PK / PD ) relationships . 
Therefore , to better define these relationships , we performed in-depth analyses of the PK / PD relationships of native follistatin-315 ( FST315 ) . 
Our data indicate that the intrinsic PK / PD properties of native FST315 are poorly suited for acting as a parentally administered biotherapeutic with broad systemic effects . 
Here , we leveraged protein engineering to modify the PK characteristics of the native molecule by fusing FST315 to a murine IgG ( 1 ) Fc and removing the intrinsic heparan sulfate-binding activity of follistatin . 
The engineered variant molecule had ~100- and ~1600-fold improvements in terminal half-life and exposure , respectively . 
In contrast to the native FST315 , the variant showed a robust , dose-dependent pharmacological effect when administered subcutaneously on a weekly basis in mouse models of muscle atrophy and degeneration . 
These studies highlight the underappreciated and critical relationship between optimizing multiple physical and chemical properties of follistatin on its overall PK / PD profile . 
Moreover , our findings provide the first documented strategy toward the development of a follistatin therapeutic with potential use in patients affected with skeletal muscle diseases . Insulin-degrading enzyme ( IDE ) : a novel heat shock-like protein . Auranofin , an antirheumatic gold compound , is an inhibitor of selenocysteine enzymes , such as thioredoxin reductase and glutathione peroxidase . 
These enzymes play an important role in protecting cardiac tissue from oxidative stress generated during ischaemia-reperfusion . 
Auranofin ( 100 mg / kg ) was administered to rats and their hearts were subjected to an in vitro model of ischaemia-reperfusion . 
The activity of thioredoxin reductase and glutathione peroxidase was determined in liver and heart tissues in an attempt to correlate enzymatic activity with heart recovery after ischaemia-reperfusion . 
There was significantly less thioredoxin reductase activity in rat liver extracts , whereas the level of glutathione activity remained unchanged , demonstrating that the dose of auranofin used was able to selectively inhibit one of these enzyme systems . 
Rats administered auranofin displayed significantly impaired recovery from ischaemic insult . 
The end diastolic pressure was increased , whereas the rate pressure product was significantly decreased . 
The level of postischaemic apoptosis was also assessed by examining caspase-3 activity in tissue homogenates . 
Auranofin significantly increased the degree of postischaemic apoptosis , leading to poor postischaemic recovery . Transcription factor p63 , a member of the p53 family , shares a high degree of sequence similarity with p53 . 
Because of transcription from two distinct promoters , the p63 gene encodes two isoforms , TAp63 and ΔNp63 . 
Although TAp63 acts as a tumor suppressor , ΔNp63 functions as an oncogene and is often overexpressed in squamous cell carcinomas . 
Thus , therapeutic agents targeting ΔNp63 might be used to manage tumors that overexpress ΔNp63 . 
Here we found that arsenic trioxide , a frontline agent for acute promyelocytic leukemia , inhibits ΔNp63 but not TAp63 expression in time- and dose-dependent manners . 
In addition , we found that arsenic trioxide decreases the stability of ΔNp63 protein via a proteasome-dependent pathway but has little effect on the level of ΔNp63 transcript . 
Furthermore , we found that arsenic trioxide activates the Pirh2 promoter and consequently induces Pirh2 expression . 
Consistent with this , we found that knockdown of Pirh2 inhibits , whereas ectopic expression of Pirh2 enhances , arsenic-induced degradation of ΔNp63 protein . 
Importantly , we found that knockdown of ΔNp63 sensitizes , whereas ectopic expression of ΔNp63 inhibits , growth suppression induced by arsenic . 
Together , these data suggest that arsenic degrades ΔNp63 protein at least in part via Pirh2-dependent proteolysis and that inhibition of ΔNp63 expression facilitates tumor cells to arsenic-induced death . We have previously reported a positive correlation between the expression of BHMT ( betaine-homocysteine S-methyltransferase ) and ApoB ( apolipoprotein B ) in rat hepatoma McA ( McArdle RH-7777 ) cells [ Sowden , Collins , Smith , Garrow , Sparks and Sparks ( 1999 ) Biochem . 
J . 
341 , 639-645 ] . 
To examine whether a similar relationship occurs in vivo , hepatic BHMT expression was induced by feeding rats a Met ( L-methionine ) -restricted betaine-containing diet , and parameters of ApoB metabolism were evaluated . 
There were no generalized metabolic abnormalities associated with Met restriction for 7 days , as evidenced by control levels of serum glucose , ketones , alanine aminotransferase and L-homocysteine levels . 
Betaine plus the Met restriction resulted in lower serum insulin and non-esterified fatty acid levels . 
Betaine plus Met restriction induced hepatic BHMT 4-fold and ApoB mRNA 3-fold compared with Met restriction alone . 
No changes in percentage of edited ApoB mRNA were observed on the test diets . 
An increase in liver ApoB mRNA correlated with an 82% and 46% increase in ApoB and triacylglycerol production respectively using in vivo Triton WR 1339 . 
Increased secretion of VLDL ( very-low-density lipoprotein ) with Met restriction plus betaine was associated with a 45% reduction in liver triacylglycerol compared with control . 
Nuclear run-off assays established that transcription of both bhmt and apob genes was also increased in Met-restricted plus betaine diets . 
No change in ApoB mRNA stability was detected in BHMT-transfected McA cells . 
Hepatic ApoB and BHMT mRNA levels were also increased by 1 . 8- and 3-fold respectively by betaine supplementation of Met-replete diets . 
Since dietary betaine increased ApoB mRNA , VLDL ApoB and triacylglycerol production and decreased hepatic triacylglycerol , results suggest that induction of apob transcription may provide a potential mechanism for mobilizing hepatic triacylglycerol by increasing ApoB available for VLDL assembly and secretion . Resveratrol attenuates hepatotoxicity of rats exposed to arsenic trioxide . A differential expression pattern of spermidine / spermine N ( 1 ) -acetyltransferase ( SSAT ) , the enzyme critical to proper homeostasis of cellular polyamines , is reported in mouse kidney undergoing hyperplasia and hypertrophy . 
We have shown that SSAT activity and SSAT mRNA are significantly induced by antifolate CB 3717 and folate that evoke a drug-injury-dependent hyperplasia . 
In contrast , SSAT activity is down-regulated in the testosterone-induced hypertrophic kidney , while SSAT mRNA is positively controlled by this androgen . 
Catecholamine depletion evoked by reserpine drastically decreases the folate-induced activity of S-adenosylmethionine decarboxylase ( AdoMetDC ) , which limits polyamine biosynthesis , but has no effect on SSAT activity augmented by CB 3717 . 
Our results document that the increased SSAT expression solely accompanies the proliferative response of mouse kidney , and suggest the importance of post-transcriptional regulation to the control of SSAT activity in both hyperplastic and hypertrophic experimental models . Characterization of an allosteric citalopram-binding site at the serotonin transporter . A review on cholinesterase inhibitors for Alzheimer's disease . Evaluation of suppressive and pro-resolving effects of EPA and DHA in human primary monocytes and T-helper cells . Carvedilol modulates the expression of hypoxia-inducible factor-1alpha and vascular endothelial growth factor in a rat model of volume-overload heart failure . Synthesis , characterization , screening and docking analysis of 4-anilinoquinazoline derivatives as tyrosine kinase inhibitors . Covalent modifications of histones are a crucial component of epigenetic events that regulate chromatin structures and gene function . 
Evidence exists that distinct lysine residues in histones are modified by covalent attachment of the vitamin biotin , catalyzed by biotinidase and holocarboxylase synthetase . 
Biotinylation of histones appears to be conserved across species . 
The following biotinylation sites were identified using both MS and enzymatic biotinylation of synthetic peptides : K9 , K13 , K125 , K127 , and K129 in histone H2A; K4 , K9 , and K18 in histone H3; and K8 and K12 in histone H4 . 
Evidence was provided that biotinylated histone H4 is enriched in pericentromeric heterochromatin , and that biotinylation of histone H4 participates in gene silencing , mitotic condensation of chromatin , and the cellular response to DNA damage . 
Biotinylation of histones is a reversible process and depends on the exogenous biotin supply , but the identities of histone debiotinylases remain uncertain . 
We propose that some effects of biotin deficiency can be attributed to abnormal chromatin structures . The role of aryl hydrocarbon receptor signaling pathway in cardiotoxicity of acute lead intoxication in vivo and in vitro rat model . A computational study of water and CO migration sites and channels inside myoglobin . Numerous studies suggest that increased central drive to the hypothalamic-pituitary adrenal ( HPA ) axis occurs in patients with major depression . 
To determine if increased central drive occurs throughout the 24 h , we evaluated ACTH secretion under metyrapone blockade of cortisol production . 
We collected blood every 10 min for measurement of ACTH and data were analyzed for ACTH pulsatility using the pulse detection algorithm deconvolution . 
We studied 28 patients with major depression and 28 age and sex-matched control subjects , of which 9 pairs were men and 19 pairs were women . 
We found a significant group x sex interaction with number of ACTH pulses ( p = 0 . 04 ) ; depressed men showed more ACTH pulses over 24h than matched control men ( p = 0 . 02 ) . 
There was also a significant sex difference in AUC pulses with men showing a smaller AUC ACTH than women . 
Previous analyses of these data with RM-ANOVA showed a smaller ACTH response in depressed men compared to control men . 
These data suggest that pulsatility and mean ACTH levels are examining different aspects of HPA axis function , and that the types of HPA axis dysregulation in depression may differ between men and women . Bisphosphonates : an update on mechanisms of action and how these relate to clinical efficacy . Elevated plasma homocysteine is increasingly being recognized as a risk factor for coronary artery disease ( CAD ) . 
Although there is general agreement on the importance of micronutrients and genetic predisposition to elevated plasma homocysteine , the exact influence of the known prevalent mutations in genes which regulate homocysteine metabolism is not clear . 
We studied 376 cases of individuals with premature CAD with respect to their fasting and post-methionine load ( PML ) total homocysteine ( tHcy ) concentrations . 
We also determined the presence or absence of the T833C and G919A mutations of the cystathionine-beta-synthase ( CBS ) gene , the C677T mutation of the methylene tetrahydrofolate reductase ( MTHFR ) gene , and the A2756G transition of the B12 dependent methionine synthase ( MS ) gene . 
Our objectives were therefore both to confirm the relationship of plasma homocysteine with premature CAD and to examine the importance of genetic influence on both fasting and PML homocysteine . 
Approximately 32% of the CAD patients had fasting hyperhomocysteinemia and 16% had PML hyperhomocysteinemia . 
Of these , 8 . 5% had both forms of hyperhomocysteinemia ( combined hyperhomocysteinemia ) . 
The T133C mutation in the CBS gene and the thermolabile C677T mutation in the MTHFR gene seem to play an important role in the subset of individuals with combined hyperhomocysteinemia . 
The A2756G transition in the MS gene is not associated with elevated plasma tHcy . 
Many cases ( 47% ) of hyperhomocysteinemia are not associated with micronutrient deficiencies , impaired renal function , and / or currently known genetic mutations . 
Further work is needed to study whether unknown mutations , particularly those residing in the intronic sequences of the genes involved in homocysteine metabolism , other environmental factors , or interaction of gene , nutrient , and environmental factors may be the cause of currently unexplained cases of mild hyperhomocysteinemia . Transcriptional regulation of the urokinase receptor ( u-PAR ) --a central molecule of invasion and metastasis . A heterozygote phenotype is present in the jvs + / - mutant mouse livers . This study aimed to investigate the effect of ghrelin administration on sulfite induced oxidative and apoptotic changes in rat gastric mucosa . 
Forty male albino Wistar rats were randomized into control ( C ) , sodium metabisulfite ( Na2S2O5 ) treated ( S ) , ghrelin treated ( G ) and , Na2S2O5 + ghrelin treated ( SG ) groups . 
Sodium metabisulfite ( 100mg / kg / day ) was given by gastric gavage and , ghrelin ( 20μg / kg / day ) was given intraperitoneally for 5weeks . 
Plasma-S-sulfonate level was increased in S and SG groups . 
Na2S2O5 administration significantly elevated total oxidant status ( TOS ) levels while depleting total antioxidant status ( TAS ) levels in gastric mucosa . 
Ghrelin significantly decreased gastric TOS levels in the SG group compared with the S group . 
Additionally , TAS levels were found to be higher in SG group in reference to S group . 
Na2S2O5 administration also markedly increased the number of apoptotic cells , cleaved caspase-3 and PAR expression ( PARP activity indicator ) and , decreased Ki67 expression ( cell proliferation index ) in gastric mucosal cells . 
Ghrelin treatment decreased the number apoptotic cells , cytochrome C release , PAR and , caspase-3 expressions while increasing Ki67 expression in gastric mucosa exposed to Na2S2O5 . 
In conclusion , we suggest that ghrelin treatment might ameliorate ingested-Na2S2O5 induced gastric mucosal injury stemming from apoptosis and oxidative stress in rats . Serine ( Ser ) biosynthesis in C ( 3 ) plants can occur via several pathways . 
One major route involves the tetrahydrofolate ( THF ) -dependent activities of the glycine decarboxylase complex ( GDC , EC 2 . 1 . 1 . 10 ) and serine hydroxymethyltransferase ( SHMT , EC 2 . 1 . 2 . 1 ) with glycine ( Gly ) as one-carbon ( 1-C ) source . 
An alternative THF-dependent pathway involves the C1-THF synthase / SHMT activities with formate as 1-C source . 
Here , we have investigated aspects of the regulation of these two folate-mediated pathways in Arabidopsis thaliana ( L . 
) Heynh . 
Columbia using two approaches . 
Firstly , transgenic plants overexpressing formate dehydrogenase ( FDH , EC 1 . 2 . 1 . 2 ) were used to continue our previous studies on the function of FDH in formate metabolism . 
The formate pool size was approximately 73 nmol ( g FW ) ( -1 ) in wild type ( WT ) Arabidopsis plants; three independent transgenic lines had similar-sized pools of formate . 
Transgenic plants produced more ( 13 ) CO ( 2 ) from supplied [ ( 13 ) C ] formate than did WT plants but were not significantly different from WT plants in their synthesis of Ser . 
We concluded that FDH has no direct role in the regulation of the above two pathways of Ser synthesis; the breakdown of formate to CO ( 2 ) by the FDH reaction is the primary and preferred fate of the organic acid in Arabidopsis . 
The ratio between the GDC / SHMT and C1-THF synthase / SHMT pathways of Ser synthesis from [ alpha- ( 13 ) C ] Gly and [ ( 13 ) C ] formate , respectively , in Arabidopsis shoots was 21 : 1; in roots , 9 : 1 . 
In shoots , therefore , the pathway from formate plays only a small role in Ser synthesis; in the case of roots , results indicated that the 9 : 1 ratio was as a result of greater fluxes of ( 13 ) C through both pathways together with a relatively higher contribution from the C1-THF synthase / SHMT route than in shoots . 
We also examined the synthesis of Ser in a GDC-deficient mutant of Arabidopsis ( glyD ) where the GDC / SHMT pathway was impaired . 
Compared with WT , glyD plants accumulated 5-fold more Gly than WT after supplying [ alpha- ( 13 ) C ] Gly for 24 h; the accumulation of Ser from [ alpha- ( 13 ) C ] Gly was reduced by 25% in the same time period . 
On the other hand , the accumulation of Ser through the C1-THF synthase / SHMT pathway in glyD plants was 2 . 5-fold greater than that in WT plants . 
Our experiments confirmed that the GDC / SHMT and C1-THF synthase / SHMT pathways normally operate independently in Arabidopsis plants but that when the primary GDC / SHMT pathway is impaired the alternative C1-THF synthase / SHMT pathway can partially compensate for deficiencies in the synthesis of Ser . Sitagliptin , an oral dipeptidyl peptidase-4 ( DPP-4 ) inhibitor , improves glycaemic control by inhibiting DPP-4 inactivation of the incretin hormones glucagon-like peptide-1 and glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide . 
This increases active incretin and insulin levels , and decreases glucagon levels and post-glucose-load glucose excursion . 
In large , well designed phase III trials in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus , sitagliptin 100 or 200mg once daily alone or in combination with other antihyperglycaemics was associated with significant improvements relative to placebo in overall glycaemic control and indices for insulin response and beta-cell function . 
Improvements from baseline in mean glycosylated haemoglobin ( HbA ( 1c ) ) were significantly greater with sitagliptin monotherapy than with placebo in patients with type 2 diabetes . 
As add-on therapy in patients with suboptimal glycaemic control despite oral antihyperglycaemic treatment , sitagliptin improved HbA ( 1c ) to a significantly greater extent than placebo when added to metformin or pioglitazone and was noninferior to glipizide when added to metformin . 
Sitagliptin was well tolerated when administered alone or in combination with other antihyperglycaemics , with an adverse event profile similar to that shown with placebo . 
The incidence of hypoglycaemia with sitagliptin was similar to that with placebo and , in combination with metformin , lower than that with glipizide . 
Sitagliptin had a generally neutral effect on bodyweight . Cellular damage from ionizing radiation ( IR ) is in part due to DNA damage and reactive oxygen species , which activate DNA damage response ( DDR ) and cytokine signaling pathways , including the ataxia telangiectasia mutated ( ATM ) and transforming growth factor ( TGF ) β / Smad pathways . 
Using classic double-strand breaks ( DSBs ) markers , we studied the roles of Smad proteins in DDR and the crosstalk between TGFβ and ATM pathways . 
We observed co-localization of phospho-Smad2 ( pSmad2 ) and Smad7 with DSB repair proteins following low and high linear energy transfer ( LET ) radiation in human fibroblasts and epithelial cells . 
The decays of both foci were similar to that of γH2AX foci . 
Irradiation with high LET particles induced pSmad2 and Smad7 foci tracks indicating the particle trajectory through cells . 
pSmad2 foci were absent in S phase cells , while Smad7 foci were present in all phases of cell cycle . 
pSmad2 ( but not Smad7 ) foci were completely abolished when ATM was depleted or inactivated . 
In contrast , a TGFβ receptor 1 ( TGFβR1 ) inhibitor abrogated Smad7 , but not pSmad2 foci at DSBs sites . 
In summary , we suggest that Smad2 and Smad7 contribute to IR-induced DSB signaling in an ATM or TGFβR1-dependent manner , respectively . Tyrosine phosphorylation of N-methyl-d-aspartate ( NMDA ) subtype glutamate receptors by Src-family protein tyrosine kinases ( SFKs ) plays a critical role in spinal sensitization . 
Besides SFKs , the tyrosine phosphorylation levels of proteins are also determined by protein tyrosine phosphatases ( PTPs ) . 
However , whether PTPs are involved in spinal nociceptive processing is largely unknown . 
The present study found that intrathecal application of broad-spectrum PTPs inhibitors orthovanadate or Bpv ( phen ) generated little effects on the paw withdrawal thresholds of intact rats to Von Frey filament stimuli . 
Although the basal nociceptive responses didn't require the involvement of PTPs , the mechanical allodynia evoked by intrathecal injection of NMDA was greatly attenuated by orthovanadate and Bpv ( phen ) , suggesting that PTPs activity , once stimulated by NMDA receptors , became essential for spinal sensitization . 
Biochemical analysis demonstrated that PTPs functioned to activate SFKs member Src and promote Src interaction with NR2B subunit-containing NMDA receptors ( NR2B receptors ) . 
As a result , PTPs inhibition largely suppressed Src-mediated NR2B phosphorylation at Tyr1472 and reduced the synaptic concentration of NR2B receptors in spinal dorsal horn of NMDA-treated rats . 
Importantly , intraplantar injection of Complete Freund's Adjuvant ( CFA ) naturally activated spinal PTPs to initiate Src signaling , because PTPs inhibition significantly repressed Src activity , reduced Src phosphorylation of NR2B , decreased NR2B synaptic accumulation and eventually ameliorated inflammatory pain . 
These data indicated an important role played by spinal PTPs in inducing Src-dependent NR2B receptor hyperfunction and suggested that PTPs inhibition might represent an effective strategy for the treatment of inflammatory pain . Cisplatin-induced nephrotoxicity is an important limiting factor for cisplatin use . 
Tumor necrosis factor-α ( TNF-α ) is known to contribute to cisplatin-induced nephrotoxicity by inducing an inflammatory process aggravating the primary injury , thereby resulting in acute kidney injury ( AKI ) . 
The present study investigates the pathways synergistically activated by cisplatin and TNF-α responsible for TNF-α-enhanced cisplatin-induced renal cell injury . 
To do so , immortalized renal proximal tubular epithelial cells ( IM-PTECs ) were co-treated with TNF-α and cisplatin . 
Under these conditions , cisplatin induced dose-dependent apoptosis in IM-PTECs , which was significantly enhanced by TNF-α . 
Transcriptomic analysis revealed that cisplatin inhibited the typical TNF-α response and cisplatin / TNF-α treatment up-regulated cell death pathways while it down-regulated survival pathways compared to cisplatin alone . 
In concordance , the gene expression levels of kidney injury markers combined with activation of specific inflammatory mediators were enhanced by cisplatin / TNF-α treatment , resembling the in vivo cisplatin-induced nephrotoxicity response . 
Furthermore , combined cisplatin / TNF-α treatment inhibited NF-κB nuclear translocation and NF-κB-mediated gene transcription leading to enhanced and prolonged JNK and c-Jun phosphorylation . 
JNK sustained activation further inhibited NF-κB signaling via a feedback loop mechanism . 
This led to an alteration in the transcription of the NF-κB-induced anti-apoptotic genes c-IAP2 , Bcl-XL , Bruce and Bcl2 and pro-apoptotic genes Bfk and Xaf1 and consequently to sensitization of the IM-PTECs toward cisplatin / TNF-α-induced toxicity . 
In conclusion , our findings support a model whereby renal cells exposed to both cisplatin and TNF-α switch into a more pro-apoptotic and inflammatory program by altering their NF-κB / JNK / c-Jun balance . Fragment-based drug design and identification of HJC0123 , a novel orally bioavailable STAT3 inhibitor for cancer therapy . Site-directed mutagenesis of the rat beta1-adrenoceptor . 
Involvement of Tyr356 ( 7 . 43 ) in ( + / - ) cyanopindolol but not ( + / - ) [ 125Iodo ] cyanopindolol binding . Phillyrin attenuates high glucose-induced lipid accumulation in human HepG2 hepatocytes through the activation of LKB1 / AMP-activated protein kinase-dependent signalling . We investigated the interactions between neutrophils , platelets , and artificial surfaces , and whether blocking of relevant receptors on platelets reduced unwanted activation responses in model cardiopulmonary bypass . 
Isolated neutrophils and platelets resuspended in heparin-anticoagulated plasma were recirculated with and without blocking antibodies to CD62P , CD42b , or junctional adhesion molecule C ( JAM-C ) in polyvinyl chloride tubing using a roller pump . 
Platelet adhesion to the tubing was inhibited by anti-CD42b and anti-CD62P , and adhesion of neutrophils by anti-JAM-C . 
Formation of platelet-neutrophil and platelet aggregates was reduced by anti-CD62P . 
Anti-JAM-C decreased platelet-neutrophil aggregation at low concentrations and platelet macroaggregates at high concentrations . 
Anti-CD62P increased neutrophil CD11b expression but not degranulation . 
Anti-JAM-C substantially increased neutrophil degranulation and slightly increased CD11b expression . 
Platelet activation increased when CD62P was blocked and decreased with anti-CD42b antibody . 
High-dose anti-JAM-C reduced platelet activation . 
In conclusion , inhibiting platelet and neutrophil-platelet interactions had useful effects but no single blocking antibody seemed capable of inducing only beneficial effects . Activity of opioid ligands in cells expressing cloned mu opioid receptors . Carnosine inhibits Aβ ( 42 ) aggregation by perturbing the H-bond network in and around the central hydrophobic cluster . Recent findings have implicated the 5-hydroxytryptamine 2B ( 5-HT2B ) serotonin receptor in mediating the heart valve fibroplasia [ valvular heart disease ( VHD ) ] and primary pulmonary hypertension observed in patients taking the now-banned appetite suppressant fenfluramine ( Pondimin , Redux ) . 
Via large-scale , random screening of a portion of the receptorome , we have discovered that the amphetamine derivative 3 , 4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine ( MDMA , "Ecstasy" ) and its N-demethylated metabolite 3 , 4-methylenedioxyamphetamine ( MDA ) each preferentially bind to and activate human recombinant 5-HT2B receptors . 
We also demonstrate that MDMA and MDA , like fenfluramine and its N-deethylated metabolite norfenfluramine , elicit prolonged mitogenic responses in human valvular interstitial cells via activation of 5-HT2B receptors . 
We also report that pergolide and dihydroergotamine , two drugs recently demonstrated to induce VHD in humans , potently activate 5-HT2B receptors , thus validating this assay system for its ability to predict medications that might induce VHD . 
Our discovery that MDMA and a major metabolite , MDA , induce prolonged mitogenic responses in vitro similar to those induced by fenfluramine and norfenfluramine in vivo ( i . 
e . 
, valvular interstitial cell fibroplasia ) predict that long-term MDMA use could lead to the development of fenfluramine-like VHD . 
Because of the widespread abuse of MDMA , these findings have major public health implications . 
These findings also underscore the necessity of screening current and future drugs at h5-HT2B receptors for agonist actions before their use in humans . Effect of amrinone on tumor necrosis factor production in endotoxic shock . Lactate is potentially a major energy source in brain , particularly following hypoxia / ischemia; however , the regulation of brain lactate metabolism is not well understood . 
Lactate dehydrogenase ( LDH ) isozymes in cytosol from primary cultures of neurons and astrocytes , and freshly isolated synaptic terminals ( synaptosomes ) from adult rat brain were separated by electrophoresis , visualized with an activity-based stain , and quantified . 
The activity and kinetics of LDH were determined in the same preparations . 
In synaptosomes , the forward reaction ( pyruvate + NADH + H ( + ) --> lactate + NAD ( + ) ) , which had a V ( max ) of 1 , 163 micromol / min / mg protein was 62% of the rate in astrocyte cytoplasm . 
In contrast , the reverse reaction ( lactate + NAD ( + ) --> pyruvate + NADH + H ( + ) ) , which had a V ( max ) of 268 micromol / min / mg protein was 237% of the rate in astrocytes . 
Although the relative distribution was different , all five isozymes of LDH were present in synaptosomes and primary cultures of cortical neurons and astrocytes from rat brain . 
LDH1 was 14 . 1% of the isozyme in synaptic terminals , but only 2 . 6% and 2 . 4% in neurons and astrocytes , respectively . 
LDH5 was considerably lower in synaptic terminals than in neurons and astrocytes , representing 20 . 4% , 37 . 3% and 34 . 8% of the isozyme in these preparations , respectively . 
The distribution of LDH isozymes in primary cultures of cortical neurons does not directly reflect the kinetics of LDH and the capacity for lactate oxidation . 
However , the kinetics of LDH in brain are consistent with the possible release of lactate by astrocytes and oxidative use of lactate for energy in synaptic terminals . ABT-384 [ 1-piperazineacetamide , N- [ 5- ( aminocarbonyl ) tricyclo [ 3 . 3 . 1 . 13 , 7 ] dec-2-yl ] -α , α-dimethyl-4- [ 5- ( trifluoromethyl ) -2-pyridinyl ] - , stereoisomer ] is a potent and selective inhibitor of 11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1 ( HSD-1 ) . 
ABT-384 has been shown to be safe and well tolerated in humans at doses up to 100 mg daily , and to fully inhibit both peripheral and brain HSD-1 at a dose of 2 mg daily . 
The effect of ketoconazole on the pharmacokinetics of ABT-384 and its two active metabolites , A-1331480 and A-847082 , was investigated in healthy volunteers . 
When 10 mg of ABT-384 was coadministered with ketoconazole , ABT-384 exposures increased 18-fold for area under the plasma concentration-time curve from time 0 to infinity and 3 . 5-fold for Cmax . 
The results suggest that ABT-384 is a sensitive substrate of CYP3A . 
After ketoconazole coadministration , exposures of A-1331480 and A-847082 were also greatly increased . 
A population pharmacokinetic model was constructed for ABT-384 and its metabolites using NonMEM . 
A two-compartment model with three transit absorption compartments best described ABT-384 data . 
The model predicted a 69 . 3% decrease in ABT-384 clearance and 91 . 1% increase in the volume of distribution of ABT-384 in the presence of ketoconazole . 
A-1331480 was shown to be formation rate-limited and A-847082 was elimination rate-limited . 
Both metabolites were characterized by a one-compartment model with first-order rate constants of formation and elimination . 
Overall the model adequately captured the concentration-time profiles of ABT-384 , A-1331480 , and A-847082 in both ABT-384-alone and ketoconazole-coadministration conditions . 
Although ABT-384 exposures were greatly increased in the presence of ketoconazole , coadministration of ABT-384 with ketoconazole or other strong / moderate CYP3A inhibitors is not expected to contribute to any major clinical safety issues considering the favorable safety profile of ABT-384 . S100A4 , a member of the S100 family of Ca ( 2 + ) -binding proteins , regulates carcinoma cell motility via interactions with myosin-IIA . 
Numerous studies indicate that S100A4 is not simply a marker for metastatic disease , but rather has a direct role in metastatic progression . 
These observations suggest that S100A4 is an excellent target for therapeutic intervention . 
Using a unique biosensor-based assay , trifluoperazine ( TFP ) was identified as an inhibitor that disrupts the S100A4 / myosin-IIA interaction . 
To examine the interaction of S100A4 with TFP , we determined the 2 . 3 A crystal structure of human Ca ( 2 + ) -S100A4 bound to TFP . 
Two TFP molecules bind within the hydrophobic target binding pocket of Ca ( 2 + ) -S100A4 with no significant conformational changes observed in the protein upon complex formation . 
NMR chemical shift perturbations are consistent with the crystal structure and demonstrate that TFP binds to the target binding cleft of S100A4 in solution . 
Remarkably , TFP binding results in the assembly of five Ca ( 2 + ) -S100A4 / TFP dimers into a tightly packed pentameric ring . 
Within each pentamer most of the contacts between S100A4 dimers occurs through the TFP moieties . 
The Ca ( 2 + ) -S100A4 / prochlorperazine ( PCP ) complex exhibits a similar pentameric assembly . 
Equilibrium sedimentation and cross-linking studies demonstrate the cooperative formation of a similarly sized S100A4 / TFP oligomer in solution . 
Assays examining the ability of TFP to block S100A4-mediated disassembly of myosin-IIA filaments demonstrate that significant inhibition of S100A4 function occurs only at TFP concentrations that promote S100A4 oligomerization . 
Together these studies support a unique mode of inhibition in which phenothiazines disrupt the S100A4 / myosin-IIA interaction by sequestering S100A4 via small molecule-induced oligomerization . Tazarotene is an acetylenic retinoid which is metabolised to tazarotenic acid and which binds selectively to the retinoid receptors RARbeta and RARgamma . 
The safety , toxicity and pharmacokinetics of oral tazarotene were determined over 12 weeks of treatment in 34 patients with advanced cancer . 
Commonly seen toxicities were mucocutaneous symptoms , musculoskeletal pain and headache . 
Dose-limiting toxicities were hypercalcaemia , hypertriglyceridaemia and musculoskeletal pain . 
The maximum tolerated dose of tazarotene in this schedule is 25 . 2 mg day ( -1 ) . 
Plasma concentrations of tazarotenic acid were found to peak rapidly within 1-3 h of dosing and thereafter declined quickly . 
The C ( max ) and AUC values on day 0 , and weeks 2 and 4 were similar indicating no drug accumulation . 
The dose-normalised C ( max ) and AUC values at different dose levels and different study days appeared to be similar indicating linear pharmacokinetics . 
No objective responses were seen , although stable disease was seen in six out of eight evaluable patients receiving the three highest dose levels of tazarotene ( 16 . 8 , 25 . 2 or 33 . 4 mg day ( -1 ) ) . 
We conclude that oral tazarotene is well tolerated when administered daily for 12 weeks , has a favourable toxicity profile compared with other retinoids and merits further investigation as an anticancer therapy . The feasibility of administering a relatively high dose of the gonadotrophin-releasing hormone ( GnRH ) antagonist ganirelix by means of a needle-free injection device , which could be useful in the long-term treatment of sex-steroid-dependent disorders , was evaluated in a randomized , crossover study in 16 healthy females . 
Local tolerance and pharmacokinetics of ganirelix administered by MediJector versus conventional needle injections were compared . 
Additionally , the pharmacodynamic effect was evaluated . 
Two milligrams of ganirelix was administered s . 
c . 
once daily for 7 days by Medi-Jector or conventional needle in a randomized sequence , without a washout period . 
No apparent differences in local tolerance were observed . 
Most injections ( 87 . 5% ) gave either no or only a mild reaction . 
Of the moderate reactions , swelling and redness were reported most frequently ( overall 4 . 9 and 8 . 5% per injection , respectively ) . 
Administration by Medi-Jector was bioequivalent to conventional needle injection with respect to the peak concentration and area under the curve . 
A profound suppression of luteinizing hormone and follicle stimulating hormone was observed . 
Serum oestradiol and progesterone concentrations were relatively low prior to treatment and remained low during the entire study period . 
In conclusion , administration of a relatively high dose of ganirelix by Medi-Jector might be useful for long-term treatment of sex-steroid dependent disorders . Hydrogen sulphide ( H ( 2 ) S ) is synthesized from L-cysteine via the action of cystathionine-gamma-lyase ( CSE ) and cystathionine-beta-synthase ( CBS ) . 
We have earlier shown that H ( 2 ) S acts as a mediator of inflammation . 
However the mechanism remains unclear . 
In this study , we investigated the presence of H ( 2 ) S and the expression of H ( 2 ) S synthesizing enzymes , CSE and CBS , in isolated mouse pancreatic acini . 
Pancreatic acinar cells from mice were incubated with or without caerulein ( 10 ( -7 ) M for 30 and 60 min ) . 
Caerulein increased the levels of H ( 2 ) S and CSE mRNA expression while CBS mRNA expression was decreased . 
In addition , cells pre-treated with DL-propargylglycine ( PAG , 3 mM ) , a CSE inhibitor , reduced the formation of H ( 2 ) S in caerulein treated cells , suggesting that CSE may be the main enzyme involved in H ( 2 ) S formation in mouse acinar cells . 
Furthermore , substance P ( SP ) concentration in the acini and expression of SP gene ( preprotachykinin-A , PPT-A ) and neurokinin-1 receptor ( NK-1R ) , the primary receptor for SP , are increased in secretagogue caerulein-treated acinar cells . 
Inhibition of endogenous production of H ( 2 ) S by PAG significantly suppressed SP concentration , PPT-A expression and NK1-R expression in the acini . 
To determine whether H ( 2 ) S itself provoked inflammation in acinar cells , the cells were treated with H ( 2 ) S donor drug , sodium hydrosulphide ( NaHS ) , ( 10 , 50 and 100 muM ) , that resulted in a significant increase in SP concentration and expression of PPT-A and NK1-R in acinar cells . 
These results suggest that the pro-inflammatory effect of H ( 2 ) S may be mediated by SP-NK-1R related pathway in mouse pancreatic acinar cells . COX-1 and COX-2 inhibition in horse blood by phenylbutazone , flunixin , carprofen and meloxicam : an in vitro analysis . Kidney injury molecule-1 ( KIM-1 ) has been qualified by the Food and Drug Administration and European Medicines Agency as a urinary biomarker to monitor preclinical nephrotoxicity in rats and on a case-by-case basis for the translation of potentially nephrotoxic drugs into first-in human studies . 
Although mouse models are widely employed in preclinical studies , few urinary biomarker studies have been performed in mice due to limited urine availability and lack of sensitive assays . 
Here , we report the development and validation of two different assays for quantitative assessment of mouse urinary KIM-1 ( uKIM-1 ) and compare the sensitivity of KIM-1 relative to other standard markers in ischemia reperfusion and aristolochic acid ( AA ) -induced kidney injury in mice . 
A sensitive , reproducible , and quantitative microbead-based KIM-1 ELISA was established , which requires only 10 μl urine for triplicate determination with an assay range of 12 . 21 pg / ml to 50 ng / ml . 
The second assay is a laminar flow dipstick assay , which has an assay range of 195 pg / ml to 50 ng / ml and provides quantitative assessment of KIM-1 in 15 min . 
uKIM-1 levels increased with increasing time of ischemia or time after AA administration . 
After only 10-min ischemia followed by 24-h reperfusion , uKIM-1 was significantly elevated by 13-fold , whereas serum creatinine ( sCr ) , blood urea nitrogen , N-acetyl-β-glucosaminidase ( NAG ) , and proteinuria levels did not change . 
After AA administration , uKIM-1 levels were significantly upregulated by greater than threefold within 12 h , whereas sCr and NAG levels were unchanged . 
Mouse KIM-1 was stable for multiple freeze-thaw cycles , for up to 5 days at room temperature and up to at least an year when stored at -80°C . Dose-ranging study with the glucokinase activator AZD1656 as monotherapy in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . Aspirin inhibits mTOR signaling , activates AMP-activated protein kinase , and induces autophagy in colorectal cancer cells . Cancer development has been linked to epigenetic modifications of cancer oncogenes and tumor suppressor genes; in advanced metastatic cancers , severe epigenetic modifications are present . 
We previously demonstrated that the progression of prostate tumors in TRAMP mice is associated with methylation silencing of the Nrf2 promoter and a reduced level of transcription of Nrf2 and Nrf2 target genes . 
Radix Angelicae Sinensis ( RAS; Danggui ) is a medicinal herb and health food supplement that has been widely used in Asia for centuries . 
Z-Ligustilide ( Lig ) is one of the bioactive components of RAS . 
We investigated the potential of Lig and RAS to restore Nrf2 gene expression through epigenetic modification in TRAMP C1 cells . 
Lig and RAS induced the mRNA and protein expression of endogenous Nrf2 and Nrf2 downstream target genes , such as HO-1 , NQO1 , and UGT1A1 . 
Bisulfite genomic sequencing revealed that Lig and RAS treatment decreased the level of methylation of the first five CpGs of the Nrf2 promoter . 
A methylation DNA immunoprecipitation assay demonstrated that Lig and RAS significantly decreased the relative amount of methylated DNA in the Nrf2 gene promoter region . 
Lig and RAS also inhibited DNA methyltransferase activity in vitro . 
Collectively , these results suggest that Lig and RAS are able to demethylate the Nrf2 promoter CpGs , resulting in the re-expression of Nrf2 and Nrf2 target genes . 
Epigenetic modifications of genes , including Nrf2 , may therefore contribute to the overall health benefits of RAS , including the anticancer effect of RAS and its bioactive component , Lig . GABA type A receptors ( GABA ( A ) -R ) are important for ethanol actions and it is of interest to link individual subunits with specific ethanol behaviors . 
We studied null mutant mice for six different GABA ( A ) -R subunits ( α1 , α2 , α3 , α4 , α5 and δ ) . 
Only mice lacking the α2 subunit showed reduction of conditioned taste aversion ( CTA ) to ethanol . 
These results are in agreement with data from knock-in mice with mutation of the ethanol-sensitive site in the α2-subunit ( Blednov et al . 
, 2011 ) . 
All together , they indicate that aversive property of ethanol is dependent on ethanol action on α2-containing GABA ( A ) -R . 
Deletion of the α2-subunit led to faster recovery whereas absence of the α3-subunit slowed recovery from ethanol-induced incoordination ( rotarod ) . 
Deletion of the other four subunits did not affect this behavior . 
Similar changes in this behavior for the α2 and α3 null mutants were found for flurazepam motor incoordination . 
However , no differences in recovery were found in motor-incoordinating effects of an α1-selective modulator ( zolpidem ) or an α4-selective agonist ( gaboxadol ) . 
Therefore , recovery of rotarod incoordination is under control of two GABA ( A ) -R subunits : α2 and α3 . 
For motor activity , α3 null mice demonstrated higher activation by ethanol ( 1 g / kg ) whereas both α2 ( - / - ) and α3 ( - / Y ) knockout mice were less sensitive to ethanol-induced reduction of motor activity ( 1 . 5 g / kg ) . 
These studies demonstrate that the effects of ethanol at GABAergic synapses containing α2 subunit are important for specific behavioral effects of ethanol which may be relevant to the genetic linkage of the α2 subunit with human alcoholism . The Na ( + ) / Ca ( 2 + ) exchanger ( NCX ) is a bidirectional transporter that normally extrudes Ca ( 2 + ) from the cell ( forward mode ) , but also brings Ca ( 2 + ) into the cell ( reverse mode ) under special conditions such as intracellular Na ( + ) ( Na ( + ) ( i ) ) accumulation or membrane depolarization . 
There are three mammalian NCX isoforms : NCX1 is widely expressed in the heart , kidney , brain , blood vessels , and so on; whereas the expression of NCX2 and NCX3 is limited mainly to the brain and skeletal muscle . 
The pharmacology of NCX inhibitors has been studied extensively since the development of KB-R7943 , a prototype benzyloxyphenyl NCX inhibitor , in 1996 . 
Currently , experiments are actively progressing with more selective inhibitors : SEA0400 , SN-6 , and YM-244769 . 
Intriguingly , the inhibitory potency of benzyloxyphenyl NCX inhibitors is directly coupled to the rate of Na ( + ) ( i ) -dependent inactivation . 
Therefore , the benzyloxyphenyl inhibitors are apparently dormant during the forward mode under normal conditions ( low Na ( + ) ( i ) ) , but become effective during the reverse mode under pathological conditions ( high Na ( + ) ( i ) ) . 
This should be an ideal profile for calcium regulators against Na ( + ) ( i ) -related diseases , such as ischemia / reperfusion injuries , salt-dependent hypertension , and digitalis arrhythmia . 
Existing ion channel blockers , such as amiodarone , dronedarone , bepridil , aprindine , and cibenzoline , have been found to have an NCX inhibitory action . 
It is possible that this property is partly responsible for their antiarrhythmic and cardioprotective effects . 
This article presents the characteristics of selective and non-selective NCX inhibitors and their therapeutic potential as a new calcium regulator . Antiproliferative effect of two novel COX-2 inhibitors on human keratinocytes . We investigated the significance of erythropoietin receptor ( EPOR ) expression following treatment with recombinant human erythropoietin ( rHuEPO; epoetin alpha ) and the effect of recombinant epoetins ( epoetin alpha , epoetin beta , and darbepoetin alpha ) alone or in combination with anticancer therapy on tumor growth in two well-established preclinical models of breast carcinoma ( MDA-MB-231 and MCF-7 cell lines ) . 
Expression and localization of EPOR under hypoxic and normoxic conditions in MDA-MB-231 and MCF-7 cells were evaluated by immunoblotting , flow cytometry , and immunohistochemistry . 
EPOR binding was evaluated using [ 125I ] rHuEPO . 
Proliferation , migration , and signaling in MDA-MB-231 and MCF-7 cells following treatment with rHuEPO were evaluated . 
Tumor growth was assessed following administration of recombinant epoetins alone and in combination with paclitaxel ( anticancer therapy ) in orthotopically implanted MDA-MB-231 and MCF-7 breast carcinoma xenograft models in athymic mice . 
EPOR expression was detected in both tumor cell lines . 
EPOR localization was found to be exclusively cytosolic and no specific [ 125I ] rHuEPO binding was observed . 
There was no stimulated migration , proliferation , or activation of mitogen-activated protein kinase and AKT following rHuEPO treatment . 
In mice , treatment with recombinant epoetins alone and in combination with paclitaxel resulted in equivalent tumor burdens compared with vehicle-treated controls . 
Results from our study suggest that although EPOR expression was observed in two well-established breast carcinoma cell lines , it was localized to a cytosolic distribution and did not transduce a signaling cascade in tumors that leads to tumor growth . 
The addition of recombinant epoetins to paclitaxel did not affect the outcome of paclitaxel therapy in breast carcinoma xenograft models . 
These results show that recombinant epoetins do not evoke a physiologic response on EPOR-bearing tumor cells as assessed by numerous variables , including growth , migration , and cytotoxic challenge in preclinical in vivo tumor models . ERP evidence suggests executive dysfunction in ecstasy polydrug users . Advanced glycation end products increase , through a protein kinase C-dependent pathway , vascular endothelial growth factor expression in retinal endothelial cells . 
Inhibitory effect of gliclazide . 1-Hexadecyl-3-trifluoroethylglycero-sn-2-phosphomethanol ( MJ33 ) is a fluorinated phospholipid analog that inhibits the phospholipase A2 ( PLA2 ) activity of peroxiredoxin 6 ( Prdx6 ) . 
Prdx6 PLA2 activity is required for activation of NADPH oxidase 2 and subsequent generation of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) . 
In vitro , MJ33 inhibited agonist-stimulated production of ROS by the isolated perfused mouse lung , lung microvascular endothelial cells , and polymorphonuclear leukocytes . 
MJ33 ( 0 . 02-0 . 5 µmol MJ33 / kg body weight ) in mixed unilamellar liposomes was administered to C57BL / 6 mice by either intratracheal ( i . 
t . 
) or i . 
v . 
routes . 
Lung MJ33 content , measured by liquid chromatography / mass spectroscopy , showed uptake of 67-87% of the injected dose for i . 
t . 
and 23-42% for i . 
v . 
administration at 4 hours postinjection . 
PLA2 activity of lung homogenates was markedly inhibited ( >85% ) at 4 hours postadministration . 
Both MJ33 content and PLA2 activity gradually returned to near control levels over the subsequent 24-72 hours . 
Mice treated with MJ33 at 12 . 5-25 µmol / kg did not show changes ( compared with control ) in clinical symptomatology , body weight , hematocrit , and histology of lung , liver , and kidney during a 30- to 50-day observation period . 
Thus , the toxic dose of MJ33 was >25 µmol / kg , whereas the PLA2 inhibitory dose was approximately 0 . 02 µmol / kg , indicating a high margin of safety . 
MJ33 administered to mice prior to lung isolation markedly reduced ROS production and tissue lipid and protein oxidation during ischemia followed by reperfusion . 
Thus , MJ33 could be useful as a therapeutic agent to prevent ROS-mediated tissue injury associated with lung inflammation or in harvested lungs prior to transplantation . Suppression of nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 via extracellular signal-regulated kinase contributes to bleomycin-induced oxidative stress and fibrogenesis . Aldo-keto reductases in retinoid metabolism : search for substrate specificity and inhibitor selectivity . Ticlopidine , a cholestatic liver injury-inducible drug , causes dysfunction of bile formation via diminished biliary secretion of phospholipids : involvement of biliary-excreted glutathione-conjugated ticlopidine metabolites . All cells must maintain a high ratio of cellular ATP : ADP to survive . 
Because of the adenylate kinase reaction ( 2ADP <--> ATP + AMP ) , AMP rises whenever the ATP : ADP ratio falls , and a high cellular ratio of AMP : ATP is a signal that the energy status of the cell is compromised . 
The AMP-activated protein kinase ( AMPK ) is the downstream component of a protein kinase cascade that is switched on by a rise in the AMP : ATP ratio , via a complex mechanism that results in an exquisitely sensitive system . 
AMPK is switched on by cellular stresses that either interfere with ATP production ( e . 
g . 
hypoxia , glucose deprivation , or ischemia ) or by stresses that increase ATP consumption ( e . 
g . 
muscle contraction ) . 
It is also activated by hormones that act via Gq-coupled receptors , and by leptin and adiponectin , via mechanisms that remain unclear . 
Once activated , the system switches on catabolic pathways that generate ATP , while switching off ATP-consuming processes that are not essential for short-term cell survival , such as the synthesis of lipids , carbohydrates , and proteins . 
The AMPK cascade is the probable target for the antidiabetic drug metformin , and current indications are that it is responsible for many of the beneficial effects of exercise in the treatment and prevention of type 2 diabetes and the metabolic syndrome . Coronary heart disease ( CHD ) is the leading cause of death worldwide , and effective treatment of hyperlipidaemia can prevent development of CHD and significantly reduce the risk for cardiovascular events and mortality in this disease . 
The advent of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A ( HMG-CoA ) reductase inhibitors ( statins ) has revolutionised the treatment of hyperlipidaemia , but many patients receiving these drugs still do not achieve their therapeutic goals . 
Rosuvastatin ( Crestor; formerly ZD4522 ) is a new , potent and long-lasting inhibitor of HMG-CoA reductase that is highly selective for hepatocytes . 
Its pharmacokinetics permit once-daily dosing , and a lack of oxidative hepatic metabolism results in a reduced potential for drug-drug interactions . 
Preliminary clinical results indicate that it produces rapid dose-related reductions in total cholesterol , low-density lipoprotein cholesterol , triglycerides , and apolipoprotein B that may exceed those achieved with other currently available statins . 
Increases in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol have also been observed . 
Rosuvastatin is also well tolerated , with no evidence of either hepato- or myotoxicity . 
It is hoped that new agents such as rosuvastatin may help to reduce the high global morbidity , mortality and associated costs of CHD and related vascular disorders . Sulindac independently modulates extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1 / 2 and cyclic GMP-dependent protein kinase signaling pathways . Opioid receptor interaction and adenylyl cyclase inhibition of dihydroetorphine : direct comparison with etorphine . Real-time PCR determination of IMPDH1 and IMPDH2 expression in blood cells . Microvessel density and endothelial cell proliferation after amifostine ( Ethyol ) administration in vivo . Brain arteriovenous malformations ( BAVMs ) are a potentially life-threatening disorder . 
Matrix metalloproteinase ( MMP ) -9 activity was greatly increased in BAVM tissue specimens . 
Doxycycline was shown to decrease cerebral MMP-9 activities and angiogenesis induced by vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) . 
In the present study , we determined the dose-response effects of doxycycline and minocycline on cerebral MMP-9 using our mouse model with VEGF focal hyperstimulation delivered with adenoviral vector ( AdVEGF ) in the brain . 
Mice were treated with doxycycline or minocycline , respectively , at 1 , 5 , 10 , 30 , 50 , or 100 mg / kg / day through drinking water for 1 week . 
Our results have shown that MMP-9 messenger ribonucleic acid ( mRNA ) expression was inhibited by doxycycline starting at 10 mg / kg / day ( P<0 . 02 ) . 
Minocycline showed more potent inhibition on MMP-9 mRNA expression , starting at 1 ( P<0 . 005 ) and further at more than 30 ( P<0 . 001 ) mg / kg / day . 
At the enzymatic activity level , doxycycline started to suppress MMP-9 activity at 5 mg / kg / day ( P<0 . 001 ) , while minocycline had an effect at a lower dose , 1 mg / kg / day ( P<0 . 02 ) . 
The inhibition of cerebral MMP-9 mRNA and activity were highly correlated with drug levels in the brain tissue . 
We also assessed the potential relevant signaling pathway in vitro to elucidate the mechanisms underlying the MMP-9 inhibition by tetracyclines . 
In vitro , minocycline , but not doxycycline , inhibits MMP-9 , at least in part , via the extracellular signaling-related kinase 1 / 2 ( ERK1 / 2 ) -mediated pathway . 
This study provided the evidence that the tetracyclines inhibit stimulated cerebral MMP-9 at multiple levels and are effective at very low doses , offering great potential for therapeutic use . Long-term therapy with certain drugs , especially cytochrome P450 ( P450; CYP ) -inducing agents , confers an increased risk of osteomalacia that is attributed to vitamin D deficiency . 
Human CYP24A1 , CYP3A4 , and CYP27B1 catalyze the inactivation and activation of vitamin D and have been implicated in the adverse drug response . 
In this study , the inducibility of these enzymes and monohydroxylation of 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 ( 25OHD3 ) were evaluated after exposure to P450-inducing drugs . 
With human hepatocytes , treatment with phenobarbital , hyperforin , carbamazepine , and rifampin significantly increased the levels of CYP3A4 , but not CYP24A1 or CYP27B1 mRNA . 
In addition , rifampin pretreatment resulted in an 8-fold increase in formation of the major metabolite of 25OHD3 , 4β , 25 ( OH ) 2 D3 . 
This inductive effect was blocked by the addition of 6' , 7'-dihydroxybergamottin , a selective CYP3A4 inhibitor . 
With human renal proximal tubular HK-2 cells , treatment with the same inducers did not alter CYP3A4 , CYP24A1 , or CYP27B1 expression . 
24R , 25 ( OH ) 2 D3 was the predominant monohydroxy metabolite produced from 25OHD3 , but its formation was unaffected by the inducers . 
With healthy volunteers , the mean plasma concentration of 4β , 25 ( OH ) 2 D3 was increased 60% ( p < 0 . 01 ) after short-term rifampin administration . 
This was accompanied by a statistically significant reduction in plasma 1α , 25 ( OH ) 2 D3 ( -10%; p = 0 . 03 ) , and a nonsignificant change in 24R , 25 ( OH ) 2 D3 ( -8%; p = 0 . 09 ) levels . 
Further analysis revealed a negative correlation between the increase in 4β , 25 ( OH ) 2 D3 and decrease in 1α , 25 ( OH ) 2 D3 levels . 
Examination of the plasma monohydroxy metabolite / 25OHD3 ratios indicated selective induction of the CYP3A4-dependent 4β-hydroxylation pathway of 25OHD3 elimination . 
These results suggest that induction of hepatic CYP3A4 may be important in the etiology of drug-induced osteomalacia . 
© 2013 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research . Our understanding of the molecular pathogenesis of the neuromuscular ion channelopathies has increased rapidly over the past two decades due to the identification of many of the genes whose mutation causes these diseases . 
These molecular discoveries have facilitated identification and classification of the hereditary periodic paralyses and the myotonias , and are likely to shed light on acquired ion channelopathies as well . 
Despite our better understanding of the pathogenesis of these disorders , current treatments are largely empirical and the evidence in favor of specific therapy largely anecdotal . 
For periodic paralysis , dichlorphenamide--a carbonic anhydrase inhibitor--has been shown in a controlled trial to prevent attacks for many patients with both hypokalemic and hypokalemic periodic paralysis . 
A second trial , comparing dichlorphenamide with acetazolamide versus placebo , is currently in progress . 
For myotonia , there is only anecdotal evidence for treatment , but a controlled trial of mexiletine versus placebo is currently being funded by a Food and Drug Administration-orphan products grant and is scheduled to begin in late 2008 . 
In the future , mechanism-based approaches are likely to be developed . 
For example , exciting advances have already been made in one disorder , myotonic dystrophy-1 ( DM-1 ) . 
In a mouse model of DM-1 , a morpholino antisense oligonucleuotide targeting the 3' splice site of CLCN1 exon 7a repaired the RNA splicing defect by promoting the production of full-length chloride channel transcripts . 
Abnormal chloride conductance was restored , and myotonia was abolished . 
Similar strategies hold potential for DM-2 . 
The era of molecularly-based treatments is about to begin . IKs , the slow component of the delayed rectifier potassium current , figures prominently in the repolarization of heart cells . 
The K + channel gene KvLQT1 is mutated in the heritable long QT ( LQT ) syndrome . 
Heterologous coexpression of KvLQT1 and the accessory protein minK yields an IKs-like current . 
Nevertheless , the links between KvLQT1 and cardiac IKs are largely inferential . 
Since the LQT syndrome mutant KvLQT1-G306R suppresses channel activity when coexpressed with wild-type KvLQT1 in a heterologous system , overexpression of this mutant in cardiomyocytes should reduce or eliminate native IKs if KvLQT1 is indeed the major molecular component of this current . 
To test this idea , we created the adenovirus AdRMGI-KvLQT1-G306R , which overexpresses KvLQT1-G306R channels . 
In > 60 % of neonatal mouse myocytes , a sizable IKs could be measured using perforated-patch recordings ( 8 . 0 + / - 1 . 6 pA pF-1 , n = 13 ) . 
IKs was increased by forskolin and blocked by clofilium or indapamide but not by E-4031 . 
While cells infected with a reporter virus expressing only green fluorescent protein ( GFP ) displayed IKs similar to that in uninfected cells , AdRMGI-KvLQT1-G306R-infected cells showed a significantly reduced IKs ( 2 . 4 + / - 1 . 1 pA pF-1 , n = 10 , P < 0 . 01 ) when measured 60-72 h after infection . 
Similar results were observed in adult guinea-pig myocytes ( 5 . 9 + / - 1 . 2 pA pF-1 , n = 9 , for control vs . 
0 . 1 + / - 0 . 1 pA pF-1 , n = 5 , for AdRMGI-KvLQT1-G306R-infected cells ) . 
We conclude that KvLQT1 is the major molecular component of IKs . 
Our results further establish a dominant-negative mechanism for the G306R LQT syndrome mutation . The cytoplasmic Elmo1 : Dock180 complex acts as a guanine nucleotide exchange factor ( GEF ) for the small GTPase Rac and functions downstream of the phagocytic receptor BAI1 during apoptotic cell clearance , and in the entry of Salmonella and Shigella into cells . 
We discovered an unexpected binding between Elmo1 and the Mediator complex subunit Med31 . 
The Mediator complex is a regulatory hub for nearly all gene transcription via RNA polymerase II , bridging the general transcription machinery with gene-specific regulatory proteins . 
Med31 is the smallest and the most evolutionarily conserved Mediator subunit , and knockout of Med31 results in embryonic lethality in mice; however , Med31 function in specific biological contexts is poorly understood . 
We observed that in primary macrophages , during Salmonella infection , Elmo1 and Med31 specifically affected expression of the cytokine genes Il10 and Il33 among the >25 genes monitored . 
Although endogenous Med31 is predominantly nuclear localized , Elmo1 increased the cytoplasmic localization of Med31 . 
We identify ubiquitination as a novel posttranslational modification of Med31 , with the cytoplasmic monoubiquitinated form of Med31 being enhanced by Elmo1 . 
These data identify Elmo1 as a novel regulator of Med31 , revealing a previously unrecognized link between cytoplasmic signaling proteins and the Mediator complex . We investigated the formation and pharmacology of prostaglandin E ( 3 ) ( PGE ( 3 ) ) derived from fish oil eicosapentaenoic acid ( EPA ) in human lung cancer A549 cells . 
Exposure of A549 cells to EPA resulted in the rapid formation and export of PGE ( 3 . 
) The extracellular ratio of PGE ( 3 ) to PGE ( 2 ) increased from 0 . 08 in control cells to 0 . 8 in cells exposed to EPA within 48 h . 
Incubation of EPA with cloned ovine or human recombinant cyclooxygenase 2 ( COX-2 ) resulted in 13- and 18-fold greater formation of PGE ( 3 ) , respectively , than that produced by COX-1 . 
Exposure of A549 cells to 1 microM PGE ( 3 ) inhibited cell proliferation by 37 . 1% ( P < 0 . 05 ) . 
Exposure of normal human bronchial epithelial ( NHBE ) cells to PGE ( 3 ) , however , had no effect . 
When A549 cells were exposed to EPA ( 25 microM ) or a combination of EPA and celecoxib ( a selective COX-2 inhibitor ) , the inhibitory effect of EPA on the growth of A549 cells was reversed by the presence of celecoxib ( at both 5 and 10 microM ) . 
This effect appears to be associated with a 50% reduction of PGE ( 3 ) formation in cells treated with a combination of EPA and celecoxib compared with cells exposed to EPA alone . 
These data indicate that exposure of lung cancer cells to EPA results in a decrease in the COX-2-mediated formation of PGE ( 2 ) , an increase in the level of PGE ( 3 ) , and PGE ( 3 ) -mediated inhibition of tumor cell proliferation . Insulin receptor substrates ( IRS ) serine phosphorylation is a time-controlled physiological feedback mechanism in insulin signaling that is hijacked by metabolic and inflammatory stresses to promote insulin resistance . 
Kinases , including IKKbeta , JNK , ERK , mTOR , and S6K , activated by the inducers of insulin resistance induce uncontrolled IRS serine phosphorylation . 
Studies with genetically modified mice reveal that these kinases integrate signals from metabolic and inflammatory stresses in adipose tissue , liver , and hypothalamus leading to peripheral and central insulin resistance . 
Moreover , IKKbeta / NF-kappaB and JNK1 pathways in myeloid cells represent a core mechanism involved in inflammation linked to obesity . 
These kinases are thus potential drug targets against insulin resistance and the targeting of the IKKbeta / NF-kappaB or the JNK pathway may evolve into future diabetes medication . Cysteamine ( beta-mercaptoethylamine HCl ) administration to rats induces a hypergastrinemia and a reduction in gastric tissue somatostatin content . 
The possibility that this reduction may contribute to the elevated gastrin levels has been investigated in the isolated perfused rat stomach . 
Cysteamine ( 1 mM ) rapidly increased immunoreactive gastrin release to levels ranging between 41% and 125% above basal . 
Increasing the dose to 10 mM caused a 1148% increase in immunoreactive gastrin . 
Secretion of somatostatinlike immunoreactivity did not change . 
Perfusion of gastric inhibitory polypeptide ( 1 nM ) induced a sustained increase in somatostatinlike immunoreactivity secretion and a transient rise in gastrin . 
Addition of 10 mM cysteamine during gastric inhibitory polypeptide perfusion caused a 300% increase in immunoreactive gastrin . 
These levels were lower than in response to cysteamine alone . 
The results demonstrate that cysteamine can stimulate immunoreactive gastrin secretion without any change in somatostatinlike immunoreactivity release . 
When somatostatinlike immunoreactivity secretion is stimulated by an agent such as gastric inhibitory polypeptide , the cysteamine-induced release of immunoreactive gastrin is attenuated , suggesting the presence of a functional linkage between somatostatin and gastrin under these conditions . A series of 1 , 3 , 4-oxadiazole derivatives containing 1 , 4-benzodioxan moiety ( 7a-7q ) have been designed , synthesized and evaluated for their antitumor activity . 
Most of the synthesized compounds were proved to have potent antitumor activity and low toxicity . 
Among them , compound 7a showed the most potent biological activity against Human Umbilical Vein Endothelial cells , which was comparable to the positive control . 
The results of apoptosis and flow cytometry ( FCM ) demonstrated that compound 7a induce cell apoptosis by the inhibition of MetAP2 pathway . 
Molecular docking was performed to position compound 7a into MetAP2 binding site in order to explore the potential target . In situ forming reduction-sensitive degradable nanogels for facile loading and triggered intracellular release of proteins . Differential interaction of coagulation factor VIII and factor V with protein chaperones calnexin and calreticulin . Progesterone receptor ( PR ) plays a key role in reproductive functions , and compounds that inhibit progesterone action ( antiprogestins ) have potential use in the treatment of estrogen- and progesterone-dependent diseases , including uterine leiomyomas and breast cancer . 
In the present study , we chemically synthesized novel 17-fluorinated steroids and evaluated the cytotoxicity profiles of these compounds in T47D breast cancer cells compared to the activity of known antiprogestins , including ZK230 211 , RU-486 , CDB2914 , CDB4124 and ORG33628 . 
We analyzed in vitro receptor-binding assays and PR-transactivation assays to establish the antiprogestational activity of these molecules . 
The representative antiprogestin EC304 was found to inhibit in vitro tumorigenicity in a dose-dependent fashion in T47D cells by a colony formation assay at 1 and 10nM concentrations . 
The potent in vivo antiprogestational activity of EC304 was also demonstrated in an antinidation assay for the interruption of early pregnancy in rats . 
The strong antiprogestational activity and absence of antiglucocorticoid activity in EC compounds may demonstrate their utility in the treatment of leiomyoma , endometriosis and breast cancer . It has been recognised that the active transport of L-phenylalanine and its autocrine turnover to L-tyrosine via phenylalanine hydroxylase in the cytosol of epidermal melanocytes provides the majority of the L-tyrosine pool for melanogenesis . 
In this context , it has been shown that the cofactor 6 ( R ) -L-erythro 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 tetrahydrobiopterin ( 6BH4 ) is produced de novo , recycled and regulated in both epidermal melanocytes and keratinocytes to control tyrosine hydroxylase , phenylalanine hydroxylase and tyrosinase activity . 
Inhibition of the enzymes by excessive 6BH4 levels is reversible with alpha-MSH by specific complex formation between 6BH4 and the hormone . 
This direct mechanism of alpha-MSH is supported by the presence of the entire POMC processing system in the melanosome indicating a receptor independent control of eumelanogenesis . 
Finally , the role of tyrosinase , TRP-1 and TRP2 is discussed in association with oxidative stress specifically related to hydrogen peroxide . 
These recent findings are based on detailed investigations of the depigmentation disorder vitiligo and Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome . Angiogenesis is tightly associated with the outgrowth of adipose tissue , leading to obesity , which is a risk factor for type 2 diabetes and hypertension , mainly because expanding adipose tissue requires an increased nutrient supply from blood vessels . 
Therefore , induction of vessel abnormality by adipokines has been well studied , whereas how altered vascular function promotes obesity is relatively unexplored . 
Also , surviving Prox1 heterozygous mice showed abnormal lymphatic patterning and adult-onset obesity , indicating that accumulation of adipocytes could be closely linked with lymphatic function . 
Here we propose a new anti-obesity strategy based on enhancement of lymphatic and blood vessel integrity with apelin . 
Apelin-knockout mice given a high-fat diet showed an obese phenotype associated with abnormal lymphatic and blood vessel enlargement . 
Fatty acids present in the high-fat diet induced hyperpermeability of endothelial cells , causing adipocyte differentiation , whereas apelin promoted vascular stabilization . 
Moreover , treatment of high-fat-diet-fed apelin-knockout mice with a selective cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor , celecoxib , improved vascular function , and also attenuated obesity . 
Finally , apelin transgenic mice showed decreased subcutaneous adipose tissue owing to inhibition of high-fat-diet-induced hyperpermeability of vessels . 
These results indicate that apelin inhibits high-fat-diet-induced obesity by enhancing vessel integrity . 
Apelin could serve as a therapeutic target for treating obesity and related diseases . Cyclin E-cdk2 activation is associated with cell cycle arrest and inhibition of DNA replication induced by the thymidylate synthase inhibitor Tomudex . A p21-activated kinase ( PAK1 ) signaling cascade coordinately regulates F-actin remodeling and insulin granule exocytosis in pancreatic β cells . The synthesis of apoE by adipocytes has profound effects on adipose tissue lipid flux and gene expression . 
Using adipose tissue transplantation from wild-type ( WT ) to apoE knockout ( EKO ) mice , we show that adipose tissue also contributes to circulating apoE . 
Different from circulating apoE produced by bone marrow transplantation ( BMT ) , however , adipose tissue-derived apoE does not correct hyperlipidemia or suppress atherosclerosis . 
ApoE secreted by macrophages has a more acidic isoform distribution , and it increases binding of reconstituted VLDL particles to hepatocytes and fibroblasts more effectively than apoE secreted by adipocytes . 
The incremental binding can be entirely accounted for by binding to the LDL receptor . 
After BMT into EKO hosts , plasma cholesterol and macrophage-derived apoE are largely within IDL / LDL- and HDL-sized particles . 
After adipose tissue transplantation , most cholesterol and adipocyte apoE remain in VLDL . 
After BMT , circulating apoE no longer demonstrates predominance of acidic isoforms compared with that circulating after fat transplantation . 
In conclusion , fat transplantation provides circulating apoE levels similar to those provided by bone marrow transplantation , but it does not suppress hyperlipidemia or atherosclerosis . 
A potential mechanism contributing to this difference is differential binding to cell surface lipoprotein receptors . Histamine enhances the depolarizing afterpotential of immunohistochemically identified vasopressin neurons in the rat supraoptic nucleus via H1-receptor activation . Pharmacological treatment for overactive bladder has centred around the interruption of the detrusor activity that is central to urge and incontinence symptoms . 
The majority of patients with this disorder are treated with antimuscarinic agents . 
These drugs have been demonstrated to improve urgency , frequency of micturition and urge incontinence , all of which are primary symptoms of overactive bladder; however , they are also commonly associated with anticholinergic adverse effects , most notably dry mouth . 
Attempts to increase tolerability have included the development of advanced formulations that regulate release of the active ingredient and the development of pharmacological agents that target the desired bladder receptors more specifically and accurately . 
Although all agents provide good efficacy , tolerability is greatly affected by the formulation used to deliver the active pharmacological agent , as well as the specificity of the targeted receptors . 
Clinical trials involving a transdermal formulation of oxybutynin have shown that this delivery method may be associated with a lower incidence of anticholinergic adverse events compared with both the immediate-release and the extended-release oral formulations of traditional agents , as well as the most recently approved agents - trospium chloride , solifenacin and darifenacin . 
Much is still being learned about the function and specificity of muscarinic receptors , which will support the development of agents with sustained efficacy and enhanced tolerability compared with the available formulations to date . 
These include the S-isomer of oxybutynin , as well as selective muscarinic M2 receptor antagonists . In asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( COPD ) , the number of eosinophils and neutrophils in the lung is increased . 
One described mechanism leading to the impaired clearance of these cells from the lung is the delay in their programmed cell death ( apoptosis ) . 
Selective inhibitors of phosphodiesterases ( PDEs ) are under development for the treatment of lung diseases because of their anti-inflammatory and bronchodilator activity . 
The aim of the present study was to establish whether inhibitors of PDE3 , PDE4 and PDE5 modulate human eosinophil or neutrophil apoptosis or beta 2-adrenoceptor agonist- or cytokine-afforded survival . 
We also evaluated whether a PDE4 inhibitor could modulate the effect of a corticosteroid on eosinophil and neutrophil apoptosis . 
Apoptosis was measured by using the relative DNA fragmentation assay and Annexin-V binding . 
Inhibitors of PDE4 ( rolipram; 0 . 1-10 microM ) and PDE3 ( cilostazol; 0 . 1-10 microM ) delayed spontaneous eosinophil apoptosis maximally by 25% and 15% , respectively . 
A combination of a PDE4 or PDE3 inhibitor ( 10 microM ) with salbutamol ( 100 nM ) further delayed eosinophil apoptosis maximally by 42-49% . 
In neutrophils , rolipram ( 10 microM ) also decreased apoptosis with a maximal inhibition of 13% . 
The combination of rolipram ( 10 microM ) and salbutamol ( 100 nM ) produced a 27% inhibition of neutrophil apoptosis . 
Inhibitor of cGMP-specific PDE5 ( zaprinast; 0 . 1-10 microM ) did not affect eosinophil apoptosis and only slightly increased spontaneous neutrophil apoptosis . 
The effect of budesonide on apoptosis was not significantly modulated by a PDE4 inhibitor in eosinophils or neutrophils . 
The present results show that selective inhibitors of cAMP-hydrolyzing PDEs ( PDE3 and PDE4 ) delay eosinophil apoptosis and , thus , increase their survival in vitro . 
Furthermore , beta 2-adrenoceptor agonists enhance the anti-apoptotic effects of PDE3 and PDE4 inhibitors , suggesting that such drug combinations may prolong eosinophil and neutrophil longevity in the lung . 2beta-carbomethoxy-3beta- ( 3'- ( ( Z ) -2-iodoethenyl ) phenyl ) nortropane ( mZIENT , 1 ) and 2beta-carbomethoxy-3beta- ( 3'- ( ( Z ) -2-bromoethenyl ) phenyl ) nortropane ( mZBrENT , 2 ) were synthesized and evaluated for binding to the human serotonin , dopamine , and norepinephrine transporters ( SERT , DAT , and NET , respectively ) using transfected cells . 
Both 1 and 2 have a high affinity for the SERT ( Ki = 0 . 2 nM ) and are approximately 160 times more selective for the SERT than the DAT . 
Compound 2 has a significantly higher affinity for the NET than 1 , and this may be a result of the different size and electronegativity of the halogen atoms . 
MicroPET imaging in nonhuman primates with [ 11C ] 1 and [ 11C ] 2 demonstrated that both tracers behave similarly in vivo with high uptake being observed in the SERT-rich brain regions and peak uptake being achieved in about 55 min postinjection . 
Chase studies with citalopram and methylphenidate demonstrated that this uptake is the result of preferential binding to the SERT . Enantioresolution of chiral derivatives of xanthones on ( S , S ) -Whelk-O1 and L-phenylglycine stationary phases and chiral recognition mechanism by docking approach for ( S , S ) -Whelk-O1 . Activation of human platelets by misfolded proteins . Haemodynamically , the combination of alpha 1- and beta-adrenoceptor antagonists is a logical one . 
alpha 1-Adrenoceptor blockade causes vasodilatation and hence counteracts elevated peripheral vascular resistance , the most consistent haemodynamic derangement in established essential hypertension . 
beta-Blockers , which lower elevated blood pressure by a different ( not yet clearly understood ) mechanism , suppress the reflex tachycardia triggered by vasodilatation . 
Combined alpha / beta-adrenoceptor blockade can be obtained by the simultaneous administration of both types of adrenoceptor antagonists , but also by giving drugs that possess alpha- and beta-adrenoceptor antagonistic activity in the same molecule . 
Carvedilol and labetalol are the best known examples of such combined alpha / beta-adrenoceptor antagonists , although their pharmacodynamic profile is a result of different receptor selectivity of their component stereoisomers , rather than combined alpha / beta-blocking activity in a single chemical entity . 
Both compounds have been investigated clinically in the treatment of essential hypertension in moderate-to-large scale trials . 
A few newer combined alpha / beta-adrenoceptor antagonists , such as amosulalol , arotinolol and medroxalol have been developed , but clinical data on these compounds are relatively scarce . Voltage-dependent calcium channels ( VDCCs ) are heteromultimeric complexes that mediate calcium influx into cells in response to changes in membrane potential . 
The alpha1A subunit , encoded by the CACNA1A gene , is the pore-forming subunit specific to the neuronal P / Q-type VDCCs . 
These are implicated in fast excitatory and inhibitory neurotransmission . 
Their highest levels of expression are found in the Purkinje cell layer of the cerebellum , and in the hippocampus . 
Spinocerebellar ataxia type 6 ( SCA 6 ) is an autosomal dominant cerebellar degeneration that shares neuropathological findings with late-onset cortical cerebellar atrophy ( CCA ) . 
It is caused by an abnormal expansion of a trinucleotide ( CAG ) repeat in exon 47 of CACNA1A , on chromosome 19p13 . 
This translates into a polyglutamine ( polyQ ) tract of prolonged length in the carboxyl terminal of the alpha1A subunit . 
Heterologous expression of mutated alpha1A subunits results in increased channel inactivation in electrophysiological tests . 
No treatment is known to improve SCA 6 at present , as none of the available drugs is able to reverse alpha1A dysregulation , nor disturbed protein aggregation , transport and localization in this disease . 
The drugs gabapentin and pregabalin interact with the alpha2delta subunit of the P / Q-type VDCCs . 
Gabapentin and pregabalin slow the rate of inactivation in recombinant P / Q-type VDCCs , expressed in Xenopus oocytes . 
These drugs improve ataxia in cases of CCA , olivopontocerebellar atrophy and ataxia-telangiectasia . 
On the basis of the neuropathological identity of SCA 6 with CCA , and given the capacity of gabapentin and pregabalin to decrease P / Q-type VDCCs inactivation , in this paper the authors put forward the hypothesis that the administration of gabapentin and pregabalin might prove beneficial in SCA 6 as the ataxia caused by this disease would be expected to improve . 
The authors hope that researchers working with this illness will be inspired and encouraged to undertake the appropriate clinical and experimental work . Characterization of binding sites of a new neurotensin receptor antagonist , [ 3H ] SR 142948A , in the rat brain . As a free-living nematode , C . 
elegans is exposed to various pesticides used in agriculture , as well as to persistent organic residues which may contaminate the soil for long periods . 
Following on from our previous study of metal effects on 24 GFP-reporter strains representing four different stress-response pathways in C . 
elegans ( Anbalagan et al . 
Ecotoxicology 21 : 439-455 , 2012 ) , we now present parallel data on the responses of these same strains to several commonly used pesticides . 
Some of these , like dichlorvos , induced multiple stress genes in a concentration-dependent manner . 
Unusually , endosulfan induced only one gene ( cyp-34A9 ) to very high levels ( 8-10-fold ) even at the lowest test concentration , with a clear plateau at higher doses . 
Other pesticides , like diuron , did not alter reporter gene expression detectably even at the highest test concentration attainable , while others ( such as glyphosate ) did so only at very high concentrations . 
We have also used five responsive GFP reporters to investigate the toxicity of soil pore water from two agricultural sites in south-east Spain , designated P74 ( used for cauliflower production , but significantly metal contaminated ) and P73 ( used for growing lettuce , but with only background levels of metals ) . 
Both soil pore water samples induced all five test genes to varying extents , yet artificial mixtures containing all major metals present had essentially no effect on these same transgenes . 
Soluble organic contaminants present in the pore water were extracted with acetone and dichloromethane , then after evaporation of the solvents , the organic residues were redissolved in ultrapure water to reconstitute the soluble organic components of the original soil pore water . 
These organic extracts induced transgene expression at similar or higher levels than the original pore water . 
Addition of the corresponding metal mixtures had either no effect , or reduced transgene expression towards the levels seen with soil pore water only . 
We conclude that the main toxicants present in these soil pore water samples are organic rather than metallic in nature . 
Organic extracts from a control standard soil ( Lufa 2 . 2 ) had negligible effects on expression of these genes , and similarly several pesticides had little effect on the expression of a constitutive myo-3 : : GFP transgene . 
Both the P73 and P74 sites have been treated regularly with ( undisclosed ) pesticides , as permitted under EU regulations , though other ( e . 
g . 
industrial ) organic residues may also be present . 4-Hydroxy tamoxifen ( OHT ) and trilostane interact differently with the oestrogen receptor ( ER ) . 
OHT is a competitive inhibitor whereas trilostane has direct , but non-competitive effects on ER . 
This study compared the effects of OHT and trilostane , in the presence of 17beta-oestradiol ( E2 ) on gene expression in MCF-7 breast cancer cells using microarrays each representing nearly 20 , 000 human genes . 
Striking differences between the sets of genes affected by these two drugs were observed . 
Both OHT and trilostane affected transcription of genes involved in cell cycle regulation , cell adhesion and matrix formation , however , only 12 . 5% of trilostane down-regulated genes and 9 . 2% of up-regulated genes were similarly regulated by OHT . 
A selective up-regulation of ERbeta by trilostane , but not OHT , was observed and confirmed by qRT-PCR . 
Similar up-regulation of this gene by trilostane was observed in the uterus of trilostane-treated ( 4 mg / kg for 7 days ) rats , in which ERbeta mRNA ( 3-fold ) and ERbeta protein expression ( 10-fold ) were both increased . 
These data show that OHT and trilostane regulate the expression of different sets of genes , reflecting their different modes of interaction with ER . 
Trilostane-specific up-regulation of ERbeta could explain its positive benefit rates in acquired tamoxifen resistance . Phosphodiesterase-4 inhibitors for asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease . Adenosine receptor antagonists intensify the benzodiazepine withdrawal signs in mice . Glutathione conjugation attenuates biological activities of 6-dehydroshogaol from ginger . In the present report , we show that bovine articular chondrocytes cultured in low oxygen tension , i . 
e . 
in conditions mimicking their hypoxic in vivo environment , respond to IL-1beta ( 10 ng / ml ) by an increased DNA binding activity of NF-kappaB and AP-1 transcription factors . 
Incubation of the cells with 10 ( -5 ) M rhein for 24 h was found to reduce this activity , particularly in the case of AP-1 . 
Mitogen activated kinases ( ERK-1 and ERK-2 ) were activated by exposure of the chondrocytes to 1-h treatment with IL-1beta . 
This effect was greater in hypoxia ( 3% O ( 2 ) ) than in normoxia ( 21% O ( 2 ) ) . 
Rhein was capable of reducing the IL-1beta-stimulated ERK1 / ERK2 pathway whatever the tension of oxygen present in the environment . 
The mRNA steady-state levels of collagen type II ( COL2A1 ) and aggrecan core protein were found to be significantly increased by a 24-h treatment with 10 ( -5 ) M rhein . 
This stimulating effect was also observed in the presence of IL-1beta , suggesting that the drug could prevent or reduce the IL-1beta-induced inhibition of extracellular matrix synthesis . 
IL-1-induced collagenase ( MMP1 ) expression was significantly decreased by rhein in the same conditions . 
In conclusion , rhein can effectively inhibit the IL-1-activated MAPK pathway and the binding of NF-kappaB and AP-1 transcription factors , two key factors involved in the expression of several pro-inflammatory genes by chondrocytes . 
In addition , the drug can reduce the procatabolic effect of the cytokine , by reducing the MMP1 synthesis , and enhance the synthesis of matrix components , such as type II collagen and aggrecan . 
These results may explain the anti-osteoarthritic properties of rhein and its disease-modifying effects on OA cartilage , in spite of absence of inhibition at prostaglandin level . Predicting cardiomyopathic phenotypes by altering Ca2 + affinity of cardiac troponin C . A series of carbamoylmethylene linked prodrugs of 1 ( BMS-582949 ) , a clinical p38α inhibitor , were synthesized and evaluated . 
Though the phosphoryloxymethylene carbamates ( 3 , 4 , and 5 ) and α-aminoacyloxymethylene carbamates ( 22 , 23 , and 26 ) were found unstable at neutral pH values , fumaric acid derived acyloxymethylene carbamates ( 2 , 28 , and 31 ) were highly stable under both acidic and neutral conditions . 
Prodrugs 2 and 31 were also highly soluble at both acidic and neutral pH values . 
At a solution dose of 14 . 2mpk ( equivalent to 10mpk of 1 ) , 2 gave essentially the same exposure of 1 compared to dosing 10mpk of 1 itself . 
At a suspension dose of 142mpk ( equivalent to 100mpk of 1 ) , 2 demonstrated that it could overcome the solubility issue associated with 1 and provide a much higher exposure of 1 . 
To our knowledge , the unique type of prodrugs like 2 , 28 , and 31 was not reported in the past and could represent a novel prodrug approach for secondary amides , a class of molecules frequently identified as drug candidates . UNLABELLED : Long standing confusion exists in the terminology of hypokalaemic salt-losing tubulopathies ( SLTs ) . 
SLTs are autosomal recessively transmitted and characterized by normotensive secondary hyperreninism / hyperaldosteronism with hypokalaemic metabolic alkalosis . 
Historically , four phenotypical variants have been described : ( 1 ) the ( classic ) Bartter syndrome ( cBS ) , ( 2 ) the hypomagnesaemic hypocalciuric Gitelman syndrome ( GS ) , ( 3 ) the hypercalciuric hyperprostaglandin-E-syndrome ( HPS ) or antenatal Bartter syndrome ( aBS ) and ( 4 ) the hyperprostaglandin-E-syndrome with sensorineural deafness ( HPS + SND ) . 
The latter two syndromes are the most severe variants with antenatal manifestation with polyhydramnios and life-threatening course of salt- and water-loss . 
Defects in five renal membrane proteins involved in electrolyte reabsorption have been identified : In HPS-patients mutations in ( 1 ) either the furosemide-sensitive sodium-potassium-chloride cotransporter NKCC2 , or ( 2 ) in the potassium channel ROMK have been identified , and ( 3 ) HPS + SND is caused by mutations in the beta-subunit of the chloride channels ClC-Kb and -Ka ( named barttin ) , all mimicking the major pharmacological effects of furosemide with minor potassium-wasting in ROMK-patients as seen in patients treated with simultaneous furosemide and amiloride , and minor calcium-wasting in Barttin-patients resembling the combination of furosemide and thiazides . 
( 4 ) cBS is caused by mutations in the chloride channel ClC-Kb with similar clinical characteristics as seen under combination of thiazides and furosemide , ( 5 ) GS is caused by mutations in the thiazide-sensitive sodium-chloride cotransporter NCCT resembling the effect of long-term thiazide administration . 
CONCLUSION : The combination of pharmacology and genetics suggests a new terminology for the above described SLTs : Furosemide-like-SLT for HPS caused by NKCC2-mutations , furosemide / amiloride-like-SLT for HPS caused by ROMK-mutations , furosemide / thiazide-like-SLT for HPS + SND , thiazide / furosemide-like-SLT for cBS , and thiazide-like-SLT for GS . Hydroxysafflor yellow A ( HSYA ) is an active ingredient obtained from the flower of Carthamus tinctorius L . 
The present study investigated the effects of HSYA on lipopolysaccharide ( LPS ) -induced inflammatory signal transduction in human alveolar epithelial A549 cells . 
A549 cells stimulated with LPS were incubated with three doses of HSYA ( 1 , 4 and 16μmol / L ) . 
HSYA suppressed the expression of TLR-4 , Myd88 , ICAM-1 , TNFα , IL-1β and IL-6 at the mRNA and protein level , and inhibited the adhesion of leukocytes to A549 cells . 
HSYA treatment also decreased NF-κB p65 nuclear translocation and inhibited the phosphorylation of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase ( p38 MAPK ) . 
These findings suggest that HSYA effectively inhibits LPS-induced inflammatory signal transduction in A549 cells . Stereospecificity of hydrogen transfer between progesterone and cofactor by human placental estradiol-17 beta dehydrogenase . Interleukin 2 toxin : a step toward selective immunomodulation . Glucocorticoid regulation of genes in the amiloride-sensitive sodium transport pathway by semicircular canal duct epithelium of neonatal rat . Severe growth deficiency is associated with STAT5b mutations that disrupt protein folding and activity . In this study we investigated the affinity of several 4-chlorinated and 1-ene derivatives of 17 alpha-methyltestosterone ( MT ) and 17 alpha-methyl-5 alpha-dihydrotestosterone ( MDHT ) to the androgen receptor , and , additionally , the effect of a few MT-derived steroids on the activity of the 5 alpha-reductase enzyme present in the rat seminal vesicle . 
From our results we conclude , that delta 1 or / and delta 4 double bonds in ring A counteract the inhibition of receptor-binding caused by chlorine-substitution at C4; the dissociation of myotropic and androgenic effects [ = M / A dissociation ] of 4-chloro-MT ( as compared to MT ) is due to its inactivation by 5 alpha-reductase in androgen target organs and / or to the inhibition of the conversion of endogenous testosterone to DHT; the M / A dissociation of 1-ene-MT and 4-chloro-1-ene-MT may be explained by their inability to be activated by 5 alpha-reductase; for the same reason , M / A dissociation can be assigned to the effects of 4 alpha-chloro-1-ene-DHT . 
We determined the short-term and long-term competition of cyproterone acetate and chlormadinone acetate with [ 3H ] DHT for receptor binding at 0 degrees C and showed , that the complexes formed by these antiandrogens with the androgen receptor have equally reduced stabilities compared to the DHT-receptor complex . The demyelinating peripheral neuropathy Charcot-Marie-Tooth type 4B ( CMT4B ) is characterized by axonal degeneration and myelin outfoldings . 
CMT4B results from mutations in either myotubularin-related protein 2 ( MTMR2; CMT4B1 ) or MTMR13 ( CMT4B2 ) , phosphoinositide ( PI ) 3-phosphatases that dephosphorylate phosphatidylinositol 3-phosphate ( PtdIns3P ) and PtdIns ( 3 , 5 ) P2 , lipids which regulate endo-lysosomal membrane traffic . 
The catalytically active MTMR2 and catalytically inactive MTMR13 physically associate , although the significance of this association is not well understood . 
Here we show that Mtmr13 loss leads to axonal degeneration in sciatic nerves of older mice . 
In addition , CMT4B2-like myelin outfoldings are present in Mtmr13 ( - / - ) nerves at postnatal day 3 . 
Thus , Mtmr13 ( - / - ) mice show both the initial dysmyelination and later degenerative pathology of CMT4B2 . 
Given the key role of PI 3-kinase-Akt signaling in myelination , we investigated the state of the pathway in nerves of CMT4B models . 
We found that Akt activation is unaltered in Mtmr13 ( - / - ) and Mtmr2 ( - / - ) mice . 
Mtmr2 and Mtmr13 are found within the Schwann cell cytoplasm , where the proteins are partially localized to punctate compartments , suggesting that Mtmr2-Mtmr13 may dephosphorylate their substrates on specific intracellular compartments . 
Mtmr2-Mtmr13 substrates play essential roles in endo-lysosomal membrane traffic . 
However , endosomes and lysosomes of Mtmr13 ( - / - ) and Mtmr2 ( - / - ) Schwann cells are morphologically indistinguishable from those of controls , indicating that loss of these proteins does not cause wholesale dysregulation of the endo-lysosomal system . 
Notably , Mtmr2 and Mtmr13 depend upon each other to achieve wild-type levels of protein expression . 
Mtmr2 stabilizes Mtmr13 on membranes , indicating that the Mtmr13 pseudophosphatase is regulated by its catalytically active binding partner . A series of substituted 3- ( benzylthio ) -5- ( 1H-indol-3-yl ) -4H-1 , 2 , 4-triazol-4-amines has been synthesised and tested in vitro as potential pro-apoptotic Bcl-2-inhibitory anticancer agents . 
Synthesis of the target compounds was readily accomplished in good yields through a cyclisation reaction between indole-3-carboxylic acid hydrazide and carbon disulfide under basic conditions , followed by S-benzylation . 
Active compounds , such as the nitrobenzyl analogue 6c , were found to exhibit sub-micromolar IC50 values in Bcl-2 expressing human cancer cell lines . 
Molecular modelling and ELISA studies further implicated anti-apoptotic Bcl-2 as a candidate molecular target underpinning anticancer activity . Clearing the way : Glucagon-like peptide-1 ( GLP-1 ) receptor agonists are proving a potent weapon in the treatment of type II diabetes . 
A new vitamin B ( 12 ) -GLP-1 conjugate is investigated and shown to have insulinotropic properties similar to the unmodified peptide . 
These results are critical to the exploitation of the vitamin B ( 12 ) oral uptake pathway for peptide delivery . Hypoxia-inducible factor and vascular endothelial growth factor are targets of dietary soy during acute stroke in female rats . Dihydrotachysterol3 , a reduced ( or hydrogenated ) analog of vitamin D3 in which the A ring has been rotate through 180 degrees , is , after hepatic 25-hydroxylation , converted in vivo to a dihydroxylated metabolite , termed peak H , which is at present unidentified but with good affinity for the vitamin D receptor . 
Although peak H is made in relatively large amounts in vivo , it has not yet been possible to synthesize it in vitro . 
Mass spectrometric evidence suggests that peak H is 25-hydroxylated and the presumption that it is a metabolite of 25-hydroxydihydrotachysterol3 was confirmed by the demonstration that radiolabeled peak H was formed in vivo in the rat after injection of 25-hydroxy- [ 10 , 19-3H ] dihydrotachysterol3 , produced from [ 10 , 19-3H ] dihydrotachysterol3 in a hepatic cell model . 
The metabolism of 25-hydroxy- [ 10 , 19-3H ] dihydrotachysterol3 was also studied in a rat osteosarcoma cell UMR-106 , a known target cell for vitamin D , using high ( 11 microM ) and low ( 10 nM ) substrate concentrations . 
Metabolic products were isolated by lipid extraction , purified by high-performance liquid chromatography , and characterized by direct-probe mass spectrometry and gas chromatography / mass spectrometry . 
The formation of peak H from 25-hydroxydihydrotachysterol3 could not be demonstrated in UMR-106 cells . 
However , 25-hydroxydihydrotachysterol3 was metabolized to at least seven side-chain modified metabolites , each of which was extensively characterized and tentatively identified . 
It is concluded that the vitamin D enzyme system present in UMR-106 cells is able to metabolize dihydrotachysterol3 very efficiently to a series of metabolites but is incapable of producing peak H . The aim of the present study was to investigate the role of central 5-HT3 receptors on the control of blood glucose in stressed and non-stressed rats in both fasted and fed states . 
Adult Wistar male rats had each their third ventricle cannulated 7 days before the experiments . 
Injections of m-CPBG , a selective 5-HT3 receptor agonist , induced a significant increase in blood glucose in non-stressed rats in both fasted and in fed states . 
The same procedure was unable to modify stress-induced hyperglycemia . 
The hyperglycemic effect of m-CPBG central administration was blocked by pretreatment with ondansetron , a specific 5-HT3 receptor antagonist , indicating that the effects here obtained with m-CPBG were a result of its interaction with 5-HT3 receptors . 
Third ventricle injections of ondansetron alone were not able to modify blood glucose in non-stressed animals and did not change the hyperglycemic responses observed after immobilization stress . 
We conclude that pharmacological activation of the central 5-HT3 receptor induces a hyperglycemic effect in non-stressed animals . Butyrylcholinesterase ( BChE ) is the leading pretreatment candidate against exposure to organophosphates ( OPs ) , which pose an ever increasing public and military health . 
Since respiratory failure is the primary cause of death following acute OP poisoning , an inhaled BChE therapeutic could prove highly efficacious in preventing acute toxicity as well as the associated delayed neuropathy . 
To address this , studies have been performed in mice and macaques using Chinese Hamster Ovary cells ( CHO ) -derived recombinant ( r ) BChE delivered by the pulmonary route , to examine whether the deposition of both macaque ( Ma ) and human ( Hu ) rBChE administered as aerosols ( aer ) favored the creation and retention of an efficient protective "pulmonary bioshield" that could scavenge incoming ( inhaled ) OPs in situ thereby preventing entry into the circulation and inhibition of plasma BChE and AChE on red blood cells ( RBC-AChE ) and in cholinergic synapses . 
In contrast to parenteral delivery of rBChE , which currently requires posttranslational modification for good plasma stability , an unmodified aer-rBChE pretreatment given 1-40h prior to >1 LD50 of aer-paraoxon ( Px ) was able to prevent inhibition of circulating cholinesterase in a dose-dependent manner . 
These studies are the first to show protection by rBChE against a pesticide such as paraoxon when delivered directly into the lung and bode well for the use of a non-invasive and consumer friendly method of rHuBChE delivery as a human treatment to counteract OP toxicity . Studies in microsomal and reconstituted systems have shown that the presence of one cytochrome P450 isoform can significantly influence the catalytic activity of another isoform . 
In this study , we assessed whether CYP2E1 could influence the catalytic activity of CYP2B4 under steady-state turnover conditions . 
The results show that CYP2E1 inhibits CYP2B4-mediated metabolism of benzphetamine ( BNZ ) with a K ( i ) of 0 . 04 µM . 
However , CYP2B4 is not an inhibitor of CYP2E1-mediated p-nitrophenol hydroxylation . 
When these inhibition studies were performed with the artificial oxidant tert-butyl hydroperoxide , CYP2E1 did not significantly inhibit CYP2B4 activity . 
Determinations of the apparent K ( M ) and k ( cat ) of CYP2B4 for CPR in the presence of increasing concentrations of CYP2E1 revealed a mixed inhibition of CYP2B4 by CYP2E1 . 
At low concentrations of CYP2E1 , the apparent K ( M ) of CYP2B4 for CPR increased up to 23-fold with virtually no change in the k ( cat ) for the reaction , however , at higher concentrations of CYP2E1 , the apparent K ( M ) of CYP2B4 for CPR decreased to levels similar to those observed in the absence of CYP2E1 and the k ( cat ) also decreased by 11-fold . 
Additionally , CYP2E1 increased the apparent K ( M ) of CYP2B4 for BNZ by 8-fold and the apparent K ( M ) did not decrease to its original value when saturating concentrations of CPR were used . 
While the individual apparent K ( M ) values of CYP2B4 and CYP2E1 for CPR are similar , the apparent K ( M ) of CYP2E1 for CPR in the presence of CYP2B4 decreased significantly , thus suggesting that CYP2B4 enhances the affinity of CYP2E1 for CPR and this may allow CYP2E1 to out-compete CYP2B4 for CPR . A series of novel pyrazole amalgamated flavones has been designed and synthesized from 1-methyl-5- ( 2 , 4 , 6-trimethoxy-phenyl ) -1H-pyrazole 6 . 
The structures of regioisomers 6 and 7 were resolved by 2D ( 1 ) H- ( 1 ) H COSY , ( 1 ) H- ( 13 ) C HSQC and ( 1 ) H- ( 13 ) C HMBC experiments . 
The newly synthesized compounds were tested for their in vitro COX inhibition and in vivo carrageenan induced hind paw edema in rats and acetic acid induced vascular permeability in mice . 
Although the compounds have inhibitory profile against both COX-1 and COX-2 , some of the compounds are found to be selective against COX-2 , supported by inhibition of paw edema and vascular permeability . 
Docking studies were also carried out to determine the structural features which sway the anti-inflammatory activity of the tested compounds . 
The keto and phenolic -OH are major factors that are prominently involved in interaction with COX-2 active site . Verrucarin A sensitizes TRAIL-induced apoptosis via the upregulation of DR5 in an eIF2α / CHOP-dependent manner . On the basis of data obtained in rabbits , the imidazoline receptor ligand rilmenidine has been suggested to decrease blood pressure in humans by activating central alpha ( 2A ) -adrenoceptors . 
A prerequisite for this hypothesis was the unproved assumption that rabbit and human alpha ( 2A ) -adrenoceptors are equally activated by rilmenidine . 
Because alpha ( 2A ) -adrenoceptors in the brain and on cardiovascular sympathetic nerve terminals are identical , the latter were used as a model for the former to confirm or disprove this assumption . 
Human atrial appendages and rabbit pulmonary arteries were used to determine the potencies of alpha ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor agonists in inhibiting the electrically ( 2 Hz ) evoked [ ( 3 ) H ] norepinephrine release and of antagonists in counteracting the alpha ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor-mediated inhibition induced by moxonidine . 
In the rabbit pulmonary artery , rilmenidine and oxymetazoline are potent full agonists , whereas in the human atrial appendages they are antagonists at the alpha ( 2 ) -autoreceptors , sharing this property with rauwolscine , phentolamine , and idazoxan . 
In contrast , prazosin is ineffective . 
In addition , a partial nucleotide and amino acid sequence of the rabbit alpha ( 2A ) -adrenoceptor ( a region known to substantially influence the pharmacological characteristics of the alpha ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor ) revealed marked differences between the rabbit and the human alpha ( 2A ) -adrenoceptor . 
The sympathetic nerves of both the human atrial appendages and rabbit pulmonary artery are endowed with alpha ( 2A ) -autoreceptors , at which , however , both rilmenidine and oxymetazoline exhibit different properties ( antagonism and agonism , respectively ) . 
The antagonistic property of rilmenidine at human alpha ( 2A ) -adrenoceptors indicates that in contrast to the suggestion based on rabbit data , the hypotensive property of the drug in humans is not due to activation of alpha ( 2A ) -adrenoceptors but other , presumably I ( 1 ) -imidazoline receptors , are probably involved . Our earlier report suggested that androst-5-ene-3beta , 7beta-diol ( Delta ( 5 ) -androstenediol or Adiol ) is a natural hormone with androgenic activity and that two potent antiandrogens , hydroxyflutamide ( Eulexin ) and bicalutamide ( Casodex ) , fail to block completely the Adiol-induced androgen receptor ( AR ) transactivation in prostate cancer cells . 
Here , we report the development of a reporter assay to screen several selective steroids with anti-Adiol activity . 
Among 22 derivatives / metabolites of dehydroepiandrosterone , we found 4 steroids [ no . 
4 , 1 , 3 , 5 ( 10 ) -estratriene-17alpha-ethynyl-3 , 17beta-diol; no . 
6 , 17alpha-ethynyl-androstene-diol; no . 
8 , 3beta , 17beta-dihydroxy-androst-5-ene-16-one; and no . 
10 , 3beta-methylcarbonate-androst-5-ene-7 , 17-dione ] that have no androgenic activity and could also block the Adiol-induced AR transactivation in prostate cancer PC-3 cells . 
Interestingly , these compounds , in combination with hydroxyflutamide , further suppressed the Adiol-induced AR transactivation . 
Reporter assays further showed that these four anti-Adiol steroids have relatively lower glucocorticoid , progesterone , and estrogenic activity . 
Together , these data suggest some selective steroids might have anti-Adiol activity , which may have potential clinical application in the battle against the androgen-dependent prostate cancer growth . Because of the importance of the Wnt pathway in the development and maintenance of both adipose and bone tissue , we wanted to evaluate the involvement of WNT10B , a Wnt pathway activator , in adipogenesis and osteoblastogenesis in humans . 
Genetic association between WNT10B polymorphisms and adiposity parameters as well as bone mineral density ( BMD ) measurements was analysed in two independent populations . 
The first is a population of 1 , 228 Danish men ( 702 aged 20-29 years; 532 aged 60-74 years ) from the Odense Androgen Study ( OAS ) , which was designed as a cross-sectional , population-based study . 
The second population , called SIBLOS , includes 922 Belgian men ( 34 ± 5 years old ) and contains siblings selected from over 500 families . 
Four tagSNPs ( rs833840 , rs833841 , rs10875902 and rs4018511 ) that capture variation of ten SNPs ( MAF > 5 % ) in a 15 . 2 kb region spanning the WNT10B gene and its flanking regions were genotyped . 
Although no association with body mass index was found , we found all tagSNPs to be associated with BMD parameters ( BMD whole body , total hip and femoral neck ) and height in the OAS population . 
The association of rs10875902 was most prominent ( nominal p = 0 . 012 ) and confirmed a previously shown negative effect on BMD . 
No significant associations were observed in the SIBLOS population . 
In the present study , no association between WNT10B polymorphisms and adiposity parameters was found . 
However , our results clearly illustrate a role for WNT10B variants in determining human BMD . 
The effect of WNT10B polymorphisms on height should be evaluated in additional populations . Rat ovulation , implantation and decidualization are severely compromised by COX-2 inhibitors . Ethanol extract of Adiantum capillus-veneris L . 
suppresses the production of inflammatory mediators by inhibiting NF-κB activation . In this multicenter , double-blind , placebo-controlled , randomized , four way cross-over proof-of-mechanism study , we tested the effect of the positive allosteric α7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor ( nAChR ) modulator JNJ-39393406 in a key translational assay ( sensory P50 gating ) in 39 regularly smoking male patients with schizophrenia . 
All patients were clinically stable and JNJ-39393406 was administered as an adjunct treatment to antipsychotics . 
No indication was found that JNJ-39393406 has the potential to reverse basic deficits of information processing in schizophrenia ( sensory P50 gating ) or has a significant effect on other tested electrophysiological markers ( MMN , P300 and quantitative resting EEG ) . 
Sensitivity analyses including severity of disease , baseline P50 gating , medication and gene variants of the CHRNA7 gene did not reveal any subgroups with consistent significant effects . 
It is discussed that potential positive effects in subgroups not present or not large enough in the current study or upon chronic dosing are possible , but unlikely to be developed . 
This article is part of a Special Issue entitled 'Cognitive Enhancers' . Electron transfer dissociation ( ETD ) : the mass spectrometric breakthrough essential for O-GlcNAc protein site assignments-a study of the O-GlcNAcylated protein host cell factor C1 . BACKGROUND : Abdominal aortic aneurysms are characterized by degradation of the extracellular matrix , with a reduction in the elastin concentration of the arterial media . 
These changes have been linked to increased levels of endogenous metalloproteinases ( MMPs ) within the aorta , particularly MMP-2 and MMP-9 . 
This provides a potential therapeutic target for pharmacological agents aimed at reducing the growth rate of small aneurysms . 
In this study , the ability of marimastat ( an MMP inhibitor ) to reduce matrix degradation was assessed in a previously described model of aneurysm disease . 
METHODS : Porcine aortic segments ( n = 12 ) were preincubated in exogenous pancreatic elastase for 24 h before culture in standard conditions for 13 days with marimastat 10 ( -5 ) , 10 ( -6 ) and 10 ( -7 ) mol / l . 
Control segments were cultured both without marimastat and without elastase . 
At the termination of culture , MMPs were extracted from the tissue and quantified by substrate gel enzymography . 
The volume fractions of elastin and collagen were determined by stereological analysis of sections stained with Miller's elastin and van Gieson's stain . 
RESULTS : Stereological analysis demonstrated preservation of elastin in aorta treated with marimastat at 10 ( -6 ) and 10 ( -5 ) mol / l; this was significant at the latter concentration ( P = 0 . 007 ) . 
This was accompanied by a significant reduction in active MMP-2 activity in the samples treated with marimastat 10 ( -5 ) mol / l ( P < 0 . 01 ) . 
CONCLUSION : Marimastat significantly inhibited elastin degradation and active MMP-2 production within aortic organ cultures . Selenite cataract , as an experimental animal model of nuclear cataract to mimic human senile cataract , is produced only when overdose selenite is injected to neonatal rats before eyelid opening . 
To clarify the cause of age differences on selenite cataract formation in rats , mRNA expression of GPx1 , MsrA and MsrB1 , as well as GPx activity in Wistar rat lens at different ages were assayed , level of lipid peroxidation , extent of lens damage induced by sodium selenite and barricade function of blood-retinal barrier ( BRB ) were investigated . 
The results showed that mRNA expressions and activity of antioxidant enzymes in neonatal rat lens before eyelid opening were the highest and then decreased with age , and revealed by transmission electron microscopy ( TEM ) using lanthanum hydroxide as tracer that higher selenite content entering eyes injured lens and resulted in cataract formation for immature BRB before eyelid opening , moreover , a little selenite content entering eyes was not enough to induce cataract formation after eyelid opening because of mature BRB . Allergic contact dermatitis ( ACD ) is an important occupational and environmental disease caused by topical exposure to chemical allergens . 
It describes the adverse effects that may results when exposure to a chemical elicits a T cell-mediated inflammatory skin disease . 
The ability of contact sensitizers to induce the oxidative stress pathway in keratinocytes and dendritic cells has been confirmed by several authors . 
Reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) can serve as essential second messengers mediating cellular responses resulting in immune cells activation . 
Oxidative stress may be the starter point , as it leads to the activation of transcription factors and signaling pathways , including NF-kB and p38 MAPK , which leads to the release of cytokines and chemokines . 
ROS are also involved in the activation of the NLRP3 / NALP3 inflammasome , which is required to direct the proteolytic maturation of inflammatory cytokines such as IL-1β and IL-18 , which are all integral to the process of dendritic cells mobilization , migration and functional maturation . 
Moreover , emerging evidence correlates ROS to changes in the constitution of the extracellular microenvironment found to facilitate ACD . 
The purpose of this review is to provide both conceptual and technical frameworks on the role of oxidative stress in chemical allergy . Dietary alpha-linolenic acid increases TNF-alpha , and decreases IL-6 , IL-10 in response to LPS : effects of sesamin on the delta-5 desaturation of omega6 and omega3 fatty acids in mice . Degradation of MAC13243 and studies of the interaction of resulting thiourea compounds with the lipoprotein targeting chaperone LolA . Growth hormone ( GH ) and prolactin share similarities in structure and function . 
We have previously shown that women with congenital isolated GH deficiency ( IGHD ) caused by a homozygous mutation in the GHRH receptor gene ( GHRHR ) ( MUT / MUT ) have a short reproductive life , with anticipated climacteric . 
At climacteric , they have lower prolactin levels than normal controls ( N / N ) . 
Because they are able to breast feed , we hypothesized that this prolactin reduction is limited to climacteric , as result of lower estradiol exposure of the lactotrophs . 
The purposes of this work were to assess prolactin levels in broader age adults homozygous and heterozygous ( MUT / N ) for the mutation and in normal controls ( N / N ) , and to correlate them to sex steroids levels . 
We enrolled 24 GH-naïve MUT / MUT ( 12 female ) , 25 MUT / N ( 14 female ) , and 25 N / N ( 11 female ) subjects , aged 25-65 years . 
Anthropometric data and serum prolactin , estradiol , total testosterone , and sex hormone binding globulin ( SHBG ) were measured . 
Free testosterone was calculated . 
Prolactin levels were similar in the three groups . 
In males , testosterone and SHBG levels were higher in MUT / MUT in comparison to N / N . 
There was no difference in free testosterone among groups . 
In all 74 individuals , prolactin correlated inversely with age ( p < 0 . 0001 ) and directly with serum estradiol ( p = 0 . 018 ) . 
Prolactin levels in subjects with IGHD due to a homozygous GHRHR mutation are similar to heterozygous and normal homozygous , but total testosterone and SHBG are higher in male MUT / MUT , with no difference in free testosterone . 
The reduced prolactin level is limited to climacteric period , possibly due to reduced estrogen exposure . Evidence for genetic heterogeneity of pseudohypoaldosteronism type 1 : identification of a novel mutation in the human mineralocorticoid receptor in one sporadic case and no mutations in two autosomal dominant kindreds . Fatty acid metabolism as a target for obesity treatment . Determination of dimethylarginine dimethylaminohydrolase activity in the kidney . Cytotoxic 1-methyladenine ( 1-meA ) and 3-methylcytosine ( 3-meC ) lesions induced in DNA and RNA in vitro and in pre-damaged DNA and RNA bacteriophages in vivo are repaired by the Escherichia coli ( E . 
coli ) protein AlkB and a human homolog , ALKBH3 . 
However , it is not known whether endogenous RNA is repaired in vivo by repair proteins present at physiological concentrations . 
The concept of RNA repair as a biologically relevant process has therefore remained elusive . 
Here , we demonstrate AlkB-mediated repair of endogenous RNA in vivo by measuring differences in lesion-accumulation in two independent AlkB-proficient and deficient E . 
coli strains during exposure to methyl methanesulfonate ( MMS ) . 
Repair was observed both in AlkB-overproducing strains and in the wild-type strains after AlkB induction . 
RNA repair appeared to be highest in RNA species below 200 nucleotides in size , mainly comprising tRNAs . 
Strikingly , at least 10-fold more lesions were repaired in RNA than in DNA . 
This may be a consequence of some 30-fold higher levels of aberrant methylation in RNA than in DNA after exposure to MMS . 
A high primary kinetic isotope effect ( >10 ) was measured using a deuterated methylated RNA substrate , D3-1me ( rA ) , demonstrating that it is the catalytic step , and not the search step that is rate-limiting . 
Our results demonstrate that RNA repair by AlkB takes place in endogenous RNA as part of an adaptive response in wild-type E . 
coli cells . In the present study , we have used salmon embryos whose continuous exposure to waterborne PFOA or PFOS at 100 μg / L started as freshly fertilized eggs , and lasted for a total of 52 days . 
PFOS and PFOA were dissolved in methanol ( carrier vehicle ) whose concentration never exceeded 0 . 01% of total tank volume . 
Samples were collected at day 21 , 28 , 35 , 52 , 49 and 56 after the start of the exposure . 
Note that days 49 and 56 represent end of exposure and 1 week after a recovery period , respectively . 
Tissue bioaccumulations were determined by HPLC / MS / MS , steroid hormones , fatty acids ( FAs ) and lipids were determined by GC-MS , while mRNA expression levels of genes were determined by qPCR in whole body homogenate . 
We observed that PFOS and PFOA showed a steady increase in whole body burden during the exposure period , with a slight decrease after the recovery period . 
Calculated somatic indexes showed that PFOA produced increases in heart- , thymus- , liver- and kidney somatic indexes ( HSI , TSI , LSI and KSI ) . 
PFOA and PFOS exposure produced significant decreases in whole body dehydroepiandrosterone ( DHEA ) , estrone and testosterone at sampling day 21 and a strong increase of cortisol and cholesterol at the end of recovery period ( day 56 ) . 
PFOA and PFOS effects differed with DHEA and estrone . 
While PFOS decreased DHEA levels , PFOA produced an increase at day 49 , and while PFOS decreased estrone , PFOA produced a slight increase at day 56 . 
We observed changes in FA composition that predominantly involved increases in FA methyl esters ( FAMEs ) , mono- and poly-unsaturated FA ( MUFA and PUFA ) and a decrease in n-3 / n-6 PUFA ratio by both PFOA and PFOS . 
Particularly , an increase in - pentadecenoic MUFA ( 15 : 1 ) , two n-3 PUFAs α-linolenic acid [ ALA : 18 : 3 n3 ] and eicosapentaenoic acid [ EPA : 20 : 5 n-3 ] and n-6 PUFA : arachidonic acid [ ARA : 20 : 4 n6 ] , docosapentaenoic acid ( DPA ) by PFOA and PFOS were observed . 
These effects were associated with changes in mRNA expression of FA elongase ( FAE ) , Δ5-desaturase ( FAD5 ) and Δ6-desaturase ( FAD6 ) genes . 
In summary , the changes in hormonal and FA profiles may represent cellular and / or physiological adaptation to continuous PFOS and PFOA exposure by increasing membrane fluidity , and / or overt developmental effects . 
The present findings provide some potential insights and basis for a better understanding on the possible mechanisms of PFCs toxicity in fish . Rokumi-jio-gan-containing prescriptions regulate oxidative stress through improving dyslipidemia in a subtotal nephrectomized rat model . Adverse upper gastrointestinal effects of rofecoxib compared with NSAIDs . Gene expression profiling of breast cancer patients treated with docetaxel , doxorubicin , and cyclophosphamide within the GEPARTRIO trial : HER-2 , but not topoisomerase II alpha and microtubule-associated protein tau , is highly predictive of tumor response . Hypothyroidism has a variety of adverse effects on cognitive function . 
The treatment of levothyroxine alone cannot restore cognitive defects of hypothyroid patients . 
Antioxidant vitamin E supplementation could be useful in disturbances which are associated with oxidative stress and could effectively slow the progression of Alzheimer disease . 
Thus , the purpose of this study was to evaluate oxidative stress status of the serum and hippocampus in hypothyroidism and to examine the effects of levothyroxine replacement therapy with vitamin E supplementation on cognitive deficit . 
Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into five groups : control group , PTU group , PTU + Vit E group , PTU + L-T4 group , and PTU + L-T4 + Vit E group . 
Serum and hippocampus malondialdehyde ( MDA ) levels were determined using the thiobarbituric-acid reactive substances method . 
Serum and hippocampus superoxide dismutase ( SOD ) levels were determined by measuring its ability to inhibit the photoreduction of nitroblue tetrazolium . 
Learning and memory was assessed by Morris water maze test . 
In the present study , we found that the rats of PTU + Vit E group spent less time to find the platform on days 2 , 3 , 4 , and 5 than the PTU group . 
Moreover , the rats of PTU + L-T4 + Vit E group spent less time to find the platform on days 4 and 5 than the PTU + L-T4 group . 
The time spent in the target quadrants was measured in the probe test and no difference was observed in all groups . 
Oxidative damage has been observed in the serum and hippocampus of hypothyroidism rat . 
SOD levels of serum and hippocampus tissue were significantly increased and MDA levels were significantly decreased in the PTU + Vit E and PTU + L-T4 + Vit E groups than the PTU and PTU + L-T4 groups . 
Therefore , these findings indicate that levothyroxine replacement therapy with vitamin E supplementation may ameliorate cognitive deficit in PTU-induced hypothyroidism through the decrease of oxidative stress status . Ammonia has anesthetic properties . Four breakpoint cluster region ( BCR ) -ABL1 tyrosine kinase inhibitors ( TKIs ) are currently available for the treatment of chronic myeloid leukemia ( CML ) : imatinib , nilotinib , dasatinib , and bosutinib . 
Choosing the most appropriate TKI requires clinicians to consider a host of patient- , disease- , and treatment-related factors , not the least of which include the safety profiles of the agents . 
This review discusses the potential impact of treatment- , patient- , and disease-related characteristics on the emergence of adverse events during TKI therapy , with a focus on the underlying mechanisms believed to be responsible for a number of important adverse events associated with these agents and what implications they may have for treatment choice , particularly in the setting of first-line treatment . 
A literature search of the PubMed database was conducted to identify articles that described the molecular mechanisms of BCR-ABL1-mediated leukemic transformation , the efficacy and safety of imatinib , nilotinib , dasatinib , and bosutinib in patients with CML , the kinase-binding spectrum of each TKI , and evidence suggesting a link between the TKI-binding profile and adverse events . 
The pattern of adverse events associated with each agent is important when selecting treatment with a TKI . 
Clinical studies suggest that imatinib , nilotinib , dasatinib , and bosutinib have differing safety profiles , which are in part attributable to the specificity and selectivity of each agent . 
Although much basic research must be conducted to further illuminate the mechanisms responsible for TKI-related adverse events , on- and off-target effects are believed to be at least partly responsible for cardiovascular toxicity , myelosuppression , fluid retention , gastrointestinal toxicity , and dermatologic toxicity . 
Increased understanding of the factors that affect TKI-associated adverse events and long-term safety data will enable a more informed approach to the selection of therapy best suited to the individual needs of patients with CML . P-glycoprotein ( P-gp ) is an efflux pump belonging to the ATP-binding cassette transporter superfamily expressed in several organs . 
Considering its potential protective effects , the induction of de novo synthesis of P-gp could be used therapeutically in the treatment of intoxications by its substrates . 
The herbicide paraquat ( PQ ) is a P-gp substrate responsible for thousands of fatal intoxications worldwide that still lacks an effective antidote . 
The aim of the present work was to evaluate the effectiveness of such an antidote by testing whether doxorubicin ( DOX ) , a known P-gp inducer , could efficiently protect Caco-2 cells against PQ cytotoxicity , 6 h after the incubation with the herbicide , reflecting a real-life intoxication scenario . 
Cytotoxicity was evaluated by the MTT assay and PQ intracellular concentrations were measured by gas chromatography-ion trap-mass spectrometry ( GC-IT-MS ) . 
Also , the DOX modulatory effect on choline uptake transport system was assessed by measuring the uptake of [ ³H ] -choline . 
The results show that DOX exerts protective effects against PQ cytotoxicity , preventing the intracellular accumulation of the herbicide . 
These protective effects were not completely prevented by the incubation with the UIC2 antibody , a specific P-gp inhibitor , suggesting the involvement of alternative protection mechanisms . 
In fact , DOX also efficiently inhibited the choline transport system that influences PQ cellular uptake . 
In conclusion , in this cellular model , DOX effectively protects against PQ toxicity by inducing P-gp and through the interaction with the choline transporter , suggesting that compounds presenting this double feature of promoting the efflux and limiting the uptake of PQ could be used as effective antidotes to treat intoxications . TAS-102 is a novel formulation of the fluorinated pyrimidine analogue trifluorothymidine ( FTD ) with an inhibitor of thymidine phosphorylase . 
The purpose of this study was to determine the MTD and DLT for TAS-102 administered three times a day on days 1-5 and 8-12 every 4 weeks . 
Fifteen patients were enrolled with two patients experiencing dose-limiting fatigue and granulocytopenia at the first dose level ( 80 mg / m2 / day ) . 
Granulocytopenia was the primary toxicity : 7 patients experienced grade 3 or 4 granulocytopenia with the first course . 
No responses were noted , but nine patients demonstrated prolonged stable disease in this heavily pretreated 5-FU refractory population . Steroid toxicity and detoxification in ascomycetous fungi . Cimetidine induces apoptosis of human salivary gland tumor cells . Localization of the ammonium transporter proteins RhBG and RhCG in mouse kidney . Pristimerin , a quinonemethide triterpenoid derived from Celastraceae and Hippocrateaceae , has recently been found to suppress tumor promotion , metastasis and angiogenesis . 
In the present study , we evaluated the anti-inflammatory potentials of pristimerin in a cell culture system . 
Pristimerin suppressed not only the generation of nitric oxide ( NO ) and prostaglandin E2 , but also the expression of inducible NO synthase and cyclooxygenase-2 induced by lipopolysacharide ( LPS ) in murine macrophage RAW264 . 7 cells . 
Similarly , pristimerin inhibited the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines , namely , tumor necrosis factor-α and interleukin-6 , induced by LPS . 
The underlying mechanism of the anti-inflammatory action of pristimerin was correlated with down-regulation of nuclear factor-κB and the mitogen-activated protein kinase signal pathway . Chronic treatment with myo-inositol reduces white adipose tissue accretion and improves insulin sensitivity in female mice . Dual inhibitor of PDE7 and GSK-3-VP1 . 15 acts as antipsychotic and cognitive enhancer in C57BL / 6J mice . BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE : The cardiovascular benefits of red wine consumption are often attributed to the antioxidant effects of its polyphenolic constituents , including quercetin , catechin and resveratrol . 
Inhibition of cardiac voltage-gated sodium channels ( VGSCs ) is antiarrhythmic and cardioprotective . 
As polyphenols may also modulate ion channels , and possess structural similarities to several antiarrhythmic VGSC inhibitors , we hypothesised that VGSC inhibition may contribute to cardioprotection by these polyphenols . 
EXPERIMENTAL APPROACH : The whole-cell voltage-clamp technique was used to record peak and late VGSC currents ( INa ) from recombinant human heart NaV1 . 5 channels expressed in tsA201 cells . 
Right ventricular myocytes from rat heart were isolated and single myocytes were field-stimulated . 
Either calcium transients or contractility were measured using the calcium-sensitive dye Calcium-Green 1AM or video edge detection , respectively . 
KEY RESULTS : The red grape polyphenols quercetin , catechin and resveratrol blocked peak INa with IC50s of 19 . 4 microM , 76 . 8 microM and 77 . 3 microM , respectively . 
In contrast to lidocaine , resveratrol did not exhibit any frequency-dependence of peak INa block . 
Late INa induced by the VGSC long QT mutant R1623Q was reduced by resveratrol and quercetin . 
Resveratrol and quercetin also blocked late INa induced by the toxin , ATX II , with IC50s of 26 . 1 microM and 24 . 9 microM , respectively . 
In field-stimulated myocytes , ATXII-induced increases in diastolic calcium were prevented and reversed by resveratrol . 
ATXII-induced contractile dysfunction was delayed and reduced by resveratrol . 
CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS : Our results indicate that several red grape polyphenols inhibit cardiac VGSCs and that this effect may contribute to the documented cardioprotective efficacy of red grape products . Recent studies have indicated that the basic residues Arg ( 93 ) , Lys ( 96 ) , Arg ( 125 ) , Arg ( 165 ) , Lys ( 169 ) , Lys ( 236 ) , and Arg ( 240 ) ( chymotrypsin numbering ) constitute an exosite in the catalytic domain of factor Xa that can effectively bind heparin only if the acidic N-terminal Gla domain of the proteinase was neutralized by physiological levels of calcium . 
Binding of a full-length heparin chain to this site of factor Xa in the presence of calcium makes a significant contribution to acceleration of the proteinase inhibition by antithrombin through a ternary complex bridging or template mechanism . 
Moreover , certain basic residues of this site , particularly Arg ( 165 ) and Lys ( 169 ) , play a key role in factor Va and / or prothrombin recognition by factor Xa in the prothrombinase complex . 
This article reviews recent structural , mutagenesis and kinetic data that lead to identification of this exosite and discusses how the binding of protein or polysaccharide cofactors to this site of factor Xa can modulate the specificity and physiological function of this key coagulant enzyme in plasma . β-Asarone induces senescence in colorectal cancer cells by inducing lamin B1 expression . The endogenous compound hydroxylamine relaxes vascular smooth muscle in vitro , apparently through conversion to the vasodilator factor nitric oxide , but its effect on blood pressure has not been characterized . 
We found that in the anesthetized rat the amine elicits dose-related hypotension when administered by continuous iv infusion . 
In experiments designed to explore the mechanism of this effect , hydroxylamine was compared with the nitric oxide donor nitroprusside and the direct-acting vasodilator hydralazine , using pretreatments known to modify diverse mechanisms of vasodilation . 
Hydroxylamine hypotension was enhanced by the SSAO inhibitor isoniazid and the SSAO substrate methylamine , a pattern shared by hydralazine . 
Responses were blocked by the guanylate cyclase inhibitor methylene blue and were increased by the nitric oxide synthase inhibitor L-NAME , a pattern shared by nitroprusside . 
It was concluded that hydroxylamine exerts hypotension partly through conversion to nitric oxide and partly by a "hydralazine-like" mechanism involving SSAO inhibition . Gamma-aminobutyric acid ( GABA ) is a non-protein amino acid with bioactive functions in humans . 
In this work , glutamate decarboxylase ( EC 4 . 1 . 1 . 15 , GAD ) which is key in the GABA bioformation was purified from 5-day germinated faba beans and characterized . 
A single band was observed at 58 kDa using sodium dodecyl sulphate gel electrophoresis . 
GAD optimal activity was at pH 6 . 0 at 40°C with a K ( m ) value for glutamic acid ( Glu ) of 2 . 63 mM . 
The enzyme was inhibited significantly by Cu ( 2 + ) , Fe ( 3 + ) , Mg ( 2 + ) , Ba ( 2 + ) , aminoxyacetate , EGTA , Na ( 2 ) EDTA , l-cysteine and beta-mercaptoethanol; and activated at low Ca ( 2 + ) 0 . 2mM . 
Using RT-PCR , the GAD cDNA was sequenced which indicated 1787 bp long , containing a 1527 bp open reading frame ( ORF ) that encoded 509 amino-acid peptides with a calculated molecular weight of 57 . 74 kDa and a pI of 5 . 41 ( GenBank accession number : JX444699 ) . PURPOSE : Mivacurium is metabolized by plasma cholinesterase catalyzed ester hydrolysis . 
Acetylcholinesterase antagonists used in the reversal of muscle relaxation may also inhibit plasma cholinesterase and , therefore , delay the hydrolysis of mivacurium . 
The clinical interaction between acetylcholinesterase antagonists and mivacurium induced neuromuscular blockade was studied . 
METHOD : Intraoperative muscle relaxation was maintained with a mivacurium infusion to achieve a constant intense block ( first twitch , T1 , 2-3% of control ) . 
Patients were randomly divided into three groups . 
Patients in Group 1 received no anticholinesterase , in Group 2 neostigmine 0 . 07 mg . 
kg-1 , and in Group 3 edrophonium 1 mg . 
kg-1 . 
The times between termination of the mivacurium infusion ( Group 1 ) or the administration of the anticholinesterase ( Groups 2 and 3 ) to 25% , 50% , 75% and 95% T1 recovery , and to 50% , 70% and 90% recovery in the ratio , T4 / T1 ( TR ) were recorded . 
RESULT : In the neostigmine Group , T1 recovery to 25% , 50% and 75% ( 2 . 32 + / - 1 . 41 , 3 . 90 + / - 1 . 85 and 6 . 88 + / - 2 . 66 min ) was accelerated compared with control ( 3 . 36 + / - 1 . 34 , 5 . 78 + / - 2 . 22 , and 8 . 58 + / - 3 . 60 , and ) , but recovery to 95% ( 18 . 53 + / - 9 . 09 vs 13 . 29 + / - 5 . 24 min ) was delayed . 
Also , TR recovery to 50% , 70% , and 90% was slower ( 14 . 47 + / - 8 . 73 , 21 . 25 + / - 11 . 06 and 31 . 37 + / - 12 . 11 min vs 11 . 75 + / - 3 . 74 , 13 . 78 + / - 4 . 39 and 17 . 86 + / - 6 . 44 min ) . 
However , all T1 and TR recovery times were decreased in the edrophonium group ( 0 . 88 + / - 0 . 51 , 2 . 00 + / - 1 . 50 , 4 . 97 + / - 2 . 96 , and 9 . 35 + / - 5 . 24 min for T1 and 6 . 86 + / - 3 . 93 , 9 . 05 + / - 4 . 51 and 12 . 24 + / - 6 . 66 min for TR ) . 
CONCLUSION : Neostigmine reversal of intense mivacurium neuromuscular block should be avoided , as this may result in prolongation of the block . Effect of long-term fluoxetine treatment on the human serotonin transporter in Caco-2 cells . Synaptotagmin 1 is required for vesicular Ca ( 2 + ) / H ( + ) -antiport activity . Unique kinetic mechanism of Plasmodium falciparum adenylosuccinate synthetase . Akt activity negatively regulates phosphorylation of AMP-activated protein kinase in the heart . A calcitonin receptor was cloned from guinea pig brain by using a degenerate reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction ( RT-PCR ) strategy . 
When the cloned guinea pig calcitonin receptor was transfected into COS 1 cells , salmon calcitonin stimulated intracellular cyclic AMP accumulation with an EC50 of 0 . 1 nM , whereas human calcitonin was >250-fold less potent ( EC50 27 . 6 nM ) . 
Related neuropeptides rat alphaCGRP and rat amylin did not activate the guinea pig calcitonin receptor at physiologic concentrations . 
Stimulation of the transfected guinea pig calcitonin receptor by salmon calcitonin also resulted in phosphatidylinositol hydrolysis with an EC50 of 2 . 5 nM . 
Expression of the calcitonin receptor was mapped by a combination of RT-PCR , northern analysis , and expression in Xenopus oocytes . 
The guinea pig calcitonin receptor was most highly expressed in diencephalon and a single subtype was detected . Chemoprevention for high-risk women : tamoxifen and beyond . Proteolytic processing of osteopontin by PHEX and accumulation of osteopontin fragments in Hyp mouse bone , the murine model of X-linked hypophosphatemia . Transcriptome alterations following developmental atrazine exposure in zebrafish are associated with disruption of neuroendocrine and reproductive system function , cell cycle , and carcinogenesis . 6-OHDA-induced apoptosis and mitochondrial dysfunction are mediated by early modulation of intracellular signals and interaction of Nrf2 and NF-κB factors . Differential mouse pulmonary dose and time course responses to titanium dioxide nanospheres and nanobelts . Structure of acetylcholinesterase complexed with ( - ) -galanthamine at 2 . 3 A resolution . Several studies have shown that the activities of delta-6-desaturase and delta-5-desaturase are depressed in experimental diabetes and in humans with insulin- and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus ( type I and type II diabetes mellitus respectively ) . 
Furthermore , treatment with insulin is known to correct the defects in desaturases in rats and humans with diabetes , especially in type I . 
In a recent study , we demonstrated that L-arginine and nitric oxide can prevent alloxan-induced beta cell damage , and the severity of diabetes , and restore the antioxidant status to near normal levels . 
But , no information is available as to the relationship between L-arginine-nitric oxide system and the metabolism of essential fatty acids in diabetes mellitus . 
In the present study , it was noted that the plasma levels of saturated fatty acids : stearic and palmitic were increased where as unsaturated fatty acids such as oleic , linoleic , gamma-linolenic and eicosapentaenoic acids ( OA , LA , GLA and EPA respectively ) were decreased in alloxan-induced diabetic rats . 
In the liver phospholipid ( PL ) fraction , GLA , DGLA ( dihomo-GLA ) and alpha-linolenic acid ( ALA ) were decreased in the alloxan-treated group; in the muscle PL fraction , LA , GLA and DGLA were low , whereas an increase in the saturated fatty acid content was noted . 
L-arginine ( the precursor of nitric oxide ) and sodium nitroprusside ( a nitric oxide donor ) treatment of alloxan-induced diabetic rats enhanced the levels of LA , GLA and DGLA . 
Further , nitric oxide synthase inhibitor , L-NMMA , prevented this beneficial action of L-arginine-nitric oxide system on essential fatty acid metabolism . 
The abnormalities in the essential fatty acid metabolism observed also reverted to normalcy following control of diabetes with insulin . 
These results indicate that nitric oxide can enhance the activities of delta-6- and delta-5 desaturases , which are depressed in diabetes , and suggests that there is a close interaction between L-arginine-nitric oxide system and the metabolism of essential fatty acids . OBJECTIVE : Isoflavones may display beneficial health effects in postmenopausal women . 
We studied in a clinical trial whether isolated isoflavone treatment in postmenopausal women could affect reverse cholesterol transport as evaluated by adenosine triphosphate-binding cassette A1- ( ABCA1 ) , dependent cholesterol efflux from macrophages . 
In addition , various serum lipid and lipoprotein parameters were investigated . 
Furthermore , we separately assessed equol-producing and non-equol-producing women . 
DESIGN : Postmenopausal women ( n = 56 ) were treated with either isoflavone or placebo tablets for 3 months in a crossover design , separated by a 2-month washout period . 
Fifteen women were classified as equol producers , and 15 women were classified as non-equol producers . 
Serum samples were collected before and after each treatment period . 
[ H ] -Cholesterol-labeled J774 macrophage cells , with and without ABCA1 up-regulation , were incubated with the samples , and ABCA1-dependent cholesterol efflux and serum lipid and lipoprotein levels were assessed . 
RESULTS : Serum promoted 3 . 1% + / -1 . 1% and 3 . 2% + / -1 . 1% cholesterol efflux from macrophages after isoflavone and placebo treatment , respectively . 
Thus , isoflavone supplementation did not affect ABCA1-dependent cholesterol efflux to serum . 
However , as a novel finding , isoflavone treatment increased a subclass of high-density lipoprotein , the pre-beta high-density lipoprotein levels by 18% without affecting any other serum lipid concentrations . 
ABCA1-facilitated cholesterol efflux and lipid parameters did not differ between equol-producing and non-equol-producing women . 
CONCLUSION : In postmenopausal women , isolated isoflavone treatment does not affect ABCA1-dependent cholesterol efflux potential from macrophages but increases circulating pre-beta high-density lipoprotein level , which could provide beneficial vascular effects . E7080 is an orally active inhibitor of multiple receptor tyrosine kinases including VEGF , FGF and SCF receptors . 
In this study , we show the inhibitory activity of E7080 against SCF-induced angiogenesis in vitro and tumor growth of SCF-producing human small cell lung carcinoma H146 cells in vivo . 
E7080 inhibits SCF-driven tube formation of HUVEC , which express SCF receptor , KIT at the IC ( 50 ) value of 5 . 2 nM and it was almost identical for VEGF-driven one ( IC ( 50 ) = 5 . 1 nM ) . 
To assess the role of SCF / KIT signaling in tumor angiogenesis , we evaluated the effect of imatinib , a selective KIT kinase inhibitor , on tumor growth of H146 cells in nude mice . 
Imatinib did not show the potent antitumor activity in vitro ( IC ( 50 ) = 2 , 200 nM ) , because H146 cells did not express KIT . 
However , oral administration of imatinib at 160 mg / kg clearly slowed tumor growth of H146 cells in nude mice , accompanied by decreased microvessel density . 
Oral administration of E7080 inhibited tumor growth of H146 cells at doses of 30 and 100 mg / kg in a dose-dependent manner and caused tumor regression at 100 mg / kg . 
While anti-VEGF antibody also slowed tumor growth , it did not cause tumor regression . 
These results indicate that KIT signaling has a role in tumor angiogenesis of SCF-producing H146 cells , and E7080 causes regression of H146 tumors as a result of antiangiogenic activity mediated by inhibition of both KIT and VEGF receptor signaling . 
E7080 may provide therapeutic benefits in the treatment of SCF-producing tumors . The biosynthetic gene cluster for the pyralomicin antibiotics has been cloned and sequenced from Nonomuraea spiralis IMC A-0156 . 
The 41 kb gene cluster contains 27 ORFs predicted to encode all of the functions for pyralomicin biosynthesis . 
This includes nonribosomal peptide synthetases ( NRPS ) and polyketide synthases ( PKS ) required for the formation of the benzopyranopyrrole core unit , as well as a suite of tailoring enzymes ( e . 
g . 
, four halogenases , an O-methyltransferase , and an N-glycosyltransferase ) necessary for further modifications of the core structure . 
The N-glycosyltransferase is predicted to transfer either glucose or a pseudosugar ( cyclitol ) to the aglycone . 
A gene cassette encoding C7-cyclitol biosynthetic enzymes was identified upstream of the benzopyranopyrrole-specific ORFs . 
Targeted disruption of the gene encoding the N-glycosyltransferase , prlH , abolished pyralomicin production , and recombinant expression of PrlA confirms the activity of this enzyme as a sugar phosphate cyclase involved in the formation of the C7-cyclitol moiety . Simvastatin induces interleukin-18 production in human peripheral blood mononuclear cells . A dilated cardiomyopathy troponin C mutation lowers contractile force by reducing strong myosin-actin binding . Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in affective disorders--I . 
Basic pharmacology . Efficacy and long-term safety of alipogene tiparvovec ( AAV1-LPL ( S447X ) ) gene therapy for lipoprotein lipase deficiency : an open-label trial . 5-Methoxy-N , N-dimethyltryptamine ( 5-MeO-DMT or street name "5-MEO" ) is a newer designer drug belonging to a group of naturally occurring indolealkylamines . 
Our recent study has demonstrated that coadministration of monoamine oxidase A ( MAO-A ) inhibitor harmaline ( 5 mg / kg ) increases systemic exposure to 5-MeO-DMT ( 2 mg / kg ) and active metabolite bufotenine . 
This study is aimed at delineating harmaline and 5-MeO-DMT pharmacokinetic ( PK ) interactions at multiple dose levels , as well as the impact of CYP2D6 that affects harmaline PK and determines 5-MeO-DMT O-demethylation to produce bufotenine . 
Our data revealed that inhibition of MAO-A-mediated metabolic elimination by harmaline ( 2 , 5 , and 15 mg / kg ) led to a sharp increase in systemic and cerebral exposure to 5-MeO-DMT ( 2 and 10 mg / kg ) at all dose combinations . 
A more pronounced effect on 5-MeO-DMT PK was associated with greater exposure to harmaline in wild-type mice than CYP2D6-humanized ( Tg-CYP2D6 ) mice . 
Harmaline ( 5 mg / kg ) also increased blood and brain bufotenine concentrations that were generally higher in Tg-CYP2D6 mice . 
Surprisingly , greater harmaline dose ( 15 mg / kg ) reduced bufotenine levels . 
The in vivo inhibitory effect of harmaline on CYP2D6-catalyzed bufotenine formation was confirmed by in vitro study using purified CYP2D6 . 
Given these findings , a unified PK model including the inhibition of MAO-A- and CYP2D6-catalyzed 5-MeO-DMT metabolism by harmaline was developed to describe blood harmaline , 5-MeO-DMT , and bufotenine PK profiles in both wild-type and Tg-CYP2D6 mouse models . 
This PK model may be further employed to predict harmaline and 5-MeO-DMT PK interactions at various doses , define the impact of CYP2D6 status , and drive harmaline-5-MeO-DMT pharmacodynamics . Significance of reductive metabolism in human intestine and quantitative prediction of intestinal first-pass metabolism by cytosolic reductive enzymes . A structure-activity relationship ( SAR ) study of the c-Myc ( Myc ) inhibitor 10074-G5 ( N- ( [ 1 , 1'-biphenyl ] -2-yl ) -7-nitrobenzo [ c ] [ 1 , 2 , 5 ] oxadiazol-4-amine , 1 ) - which targets a hydrophobic domain of the Myc oncoprotein that is flanked by arginine residues - was executed in order to determine its pharmacophore . 
Whilst the 7-nitrobenzofurazan was found to be critical for inhibitory activity , the ortho-biphenyl could be replaced with a para-carboxyphenyl group to furnish the new inhibitor JY-3-094 ( 3q ) . 
Around five times as potent as the lead with an IC ( 50 ) of 33 μM for disruption of the Myc-Max heterodimer , JY-3-094 demonstrated excellent selectivity over Max-Max homodimers , with no apparent effect at 100 μM . 
Importantly , the carboxylic acid of JY-3-094 improves the physicochemical properties of the lead compound , which will facilitate the incorporation of additional hydrophobicity that might enhance Myc inhibitory activity further still . Drospirenone : a novel progestogen with antimineralocorticoid and antiandrogenic activity . 5'-RACE was performed on rat brain calpastatin mRNA and two new translation initiation ATG's were found . 
The first one is upstream of the previously designed initiation translation site localized in the rat calpastatin L-domain . 
The deduced protein sequence of this region is highly homologous to the XL-domain of calpastatin type I in other species . 
The other ATG has not previously been reported and is localized in exon 8 , thus originating a calpastatin isoform constituted only by four repetitive inhibitory units without the XL-L-domains . 
Transcripts from the rat brain calpastatin gene are also subjected to multiple splicing events involving exons 4 , 6 , 8 in different combinations . 
A series of recombinant calpastatin forms was produced that differed in the exons present in the L-domain , and all the variants showed comparable inhibitory efficiency against calpain . 
It was concluded that the presence of the XL-domain in these isoforms is not relevant for the formation of the calpain / calpastatin complex in the absence of calcium , that is the interaction of calpastatin with inactive calpain . 
Using exon-specific antisera , specific calpastatin protein isoforms containing the XL-domain have been detected in rat brain homogenates . Phenylbutazone ( PBZ ) was administered to six calves intravenously ( i . 
v . 
) and orally at a dose rate of 4 . 4 mg / kg in a three-period cross-over study incorporating a placebo treatment to establish its pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic properties . 
Extravascular distribution was determined by measuring penetration into tissue chamber fluid in the absence of stimulation ( transudate ) and after stimulation of chamber tissue with the mild irritant carrageenan ( exudate ) . 
PBZ pharmacokinetics after i . 
v . 
dosage was characterized by slow clearance ( 1 . 29 mL / kg / h ) , long-terminal half-life ( 53 . 4 h ) , low distribution volume ( 0 . 09 L / kg ) and low concentrations in plasma of the metabolite oxyphenbutazone ( OPBZ ) , confirming previously published data for adult cattle . 
After oral dosage bioavailability ( F ) was 66% . 
Passage into exudate was slow and limited , and penetration into transudate was even slower and more limited; area under curve values for plasma , exudate and transudate after i . 
v . 
dosage were 3604 , 1117 and 766 microg h / mL and corresponding values after oral dosage were 2435 , 647 and 486 microg h / mL . 
These concentrations were approximately 15-20 ( plasma ) and nine ( exudate ) times greater than those previously reported in horses ( receiving the same dose rate of PBZ ) . 
In the horse , the lower concentrations had produced marked inhibition of eicosanoid synthesis and suppressed the inflammatory response . 
The higher concentrations in calves were insufficient to inhibit significantly exudate prostaglandin E2 ( PGE2 ) , leukotriene B4 ( LTB4 ) and beta-glucuronidase concentrations and exudate leucocyte numbers , serum thromboxane B2 ( TxB2 ) , and bradykinin-induced skin swelling . 
These differences from the horse might be the result of : ( a ) the presence in equine biological fluids of higher concentrations than in calves of the active PBZ metabolite , OPBZ; ( b ) a greater degree of binding of PBZ to plasma protein in calves; ( c ) species differences in the sensitivity to PBZ of the cyclo-oxygenase ( COX ) isoenzymes , COX-1 and COX-2 or; ( d ) a combination of these factors . 
To achieve clinical efficacy with single doses of PBZ in calves , higher dosages than 4 . 4 mg / kg will be probably required . A newly synthesized sinapic Acid derivative inhibits endothelial activation in vitro and in vivo . Catecholamine mimetic EDTA-bis ( tyramide ) was synthesized and characterized by various spectroscopic techniques ( NMR , Mass spectroscopy ) and λem 310 nm for the excitation at 270 nm . 
Molecular docking studies were performed with Human Serum Albumin ( HSA : PDB 1E78 ) , showing binding pattern with amino acid residues Arg218 , Arg222 and Lys444 , identifies the ligand-HSA interaction for the transportation affinity of the ligand at the specific site of the target . 
Subsequently binding study with HSA at λex = 350 nm found to be 5 . 847x10 ( 4 ) M ( -1 ) shows effective quenching effect . 
Additionally to go more insight AChE binding affinity was investigated , which shows 90% binding affinity for the 10 mM concentration . 
IC50 value was was found 18 . 60 μM for MAO-B inhibition . 
Finally , EDTA-bis ( tyramide ) labeled with ( 99m ) Tc to investigate its in-vivo radiopharmaceutical efficiency , having 97% binding affinity with 98% radiochemical purity . 
In-vivo studies were carried out for ( 99m ) Tc- EDTA-bis ( tyramide ) included blood kinetics showed a quick wash out from the circulation via renal route and biodistribution revealed that maximum%ID / g was found in kidney at 1h and its scintigraphy image shows 3 . 96% brain uptake with respect to whole body . 
This article is protected by copyright . 
All rights reserved . Metabolite ligands of estrogen receptor-beta reduce primate coronary hyperreactivity . Bone remodeling is affected by mechanical loading and inflammatory mediators , including chemokines . 
The chemokine ( C-C motif ) ligand 3 ( CCL3 ) is involved in bone remodeling by binding to C-C chemokine receptors 1 and 5 ( CCR1 and CCR5 ) expressed on osteoclasts and osteoblasts . 
Our group has previously demonstrated that CCR5 down-regulates mechanical loading-induced bone resorption . 
Thus , the present study aimed to investigate the role of CCR1 and CCL3 in bone remodeling induced by mechanical loading during orthodontic tooth movement in mice . 
Our results showed that bone remodeling was significantly decreased in CCL3 ( - / - ) and CCR1 ( - / - ) mice and in animals treated with Met-RANTES ( an antagonist of CCR5 and CCR1 ) . 
mRNA levels of receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ( RANK ) , its ligand RANKL , tumor necrosis factor alpha ( TNF-α ) and RANKL / osteoprotegerin ( OPG ) ratio were diminished in the periodontium of CCL3 ( - / - ) mice and in the group treated with Met-RANTES . 
Met-RANTES treatment also reduced the levels of cathepsin K and metalloproteinase 13 ( MMP13 ) . 
The expression of the osteoblast markers runt-related transcription factor 2 ( RUNX2 ) and periostin was decreased , while osteocalcin ( OCN ) was augmented in CCL3 ( - / - ) and Met-RANTES-treated mice . 
Altogether , these findings show that CCR1 is pivotal for bone remodeling induced by mechanical loading during orthodontic tooth movement and these actions depend , at least in part , on CCL3 . Egr-1 mediates epidermal growth factor-induced downregulation of E-cadherin expression via Slug in human ovarian cancer cells . The role of glutamine transaminase K ( GTK ) in sulfur and alpha-keto acid metabolism in the brain , and in the possible bioactivation of neurotoxicants . Neural stem / progenitor cells ( NSPCs ) are multipotent cells within the embryonic and adult brain that give rise to both neuronal and glial cell lineages . 
Maintenance of NSPC multipotency is promoted by low oxygen tension , although the metabolic underpinnings of this trait have not been described . 
In this study , we investigated the metabolic state of undifferentiated NSPCs in culture , and tested their relative reliance on oxidative versus glycolytic metabolism for survival , as well as their dependence on hypoxia inducible factor-1alpha ( HIF-1α ) expression for maintenance of metabolic phenotype . 
Unlike primary neurons , NSPCs from embryonic and adult mice survived prolonged hypoxia in culture . 
In addition , NSPCs displayed greater susceptibility to glycolytic inhibition compared with primary neurons , even in the presence of alternative mitochondrial TCA substrates . 
NSPCs were also more resistant than neurons to mitochondrial cyanide toxicity , less capable of utilizing galactose as an alternative substrate to glucose , and more susceptible to pharmacological inhibition of the pentose phosphate pathway by 6-aminonicotinamide . 
Inducible deletion of exon 1 of the Hif1a gene improved the ability of NSPCs to utilize pyruvate during glycolytic inhibition , but did not alter other parameters of metabolism , including their ability to withstand prolonged hypoxia . 
Taken together , these data indicate that NSPCs have a relatively low requirement for oxidative metabolism for their survival and that hypoxic resistance is not dependent upon HIF-1α signaling . Human LIN28A and LIN28B are RNA-binding proteins ( RBPs ) conserved in animals with important roles during development and stem cell reprogramming . 
We used Photoactivatable-Ribonucleoside-Enhanced Crosslinking and Immunoprecipitation ( PAR-CLIP ) in HEK293 cells and identified a largely overlapping set of ∼3000 mRNAs at ∼9500 sites located in the 3' UTR and CDS . 
In vitro and in vivo , LIN28 preferentially bound single-stranded RNA containing a uridine-rich element and one or more flanking guanosines and appeared to be able to disrupt base-pairing to access these elements when embedded in predicted secondary structure . 
In HEK293 cells , LIN28 protein binding mildly stabilized target mRNAs and increased protein abundance . 
The top targets were its own mRNAs and those of other RBPs and cell cycle regulators . 
Alteration of LIN28 protein levels also negatively regulated the abundance of some but not all let-7 miRNA family members , indicating sequence-specific binding of let-7 precursors to LIN28 proteins and competition with cytoplasmic miRNA biogenesis factors . In mammals dietary ferric iron is reduced to ferrous iron for more efficient absorption by the intestine . 
Analysis of a pig duodenal membrane fraction revealed two NADH-dependent ferric reductase activities , one associated with a b-type cytochrome and the other not . 
Purification and characterization of the non-cytochrome ferric reductase identified a 31 kDa protein . 
MALDI-MS analysis and amino acid sequencing identified the ferric reductase as being related to the 26 kDa liver NADH-dependent quinoid dihydropteridine reductase ( DHPR ) . 
The NADH-dependent DHPR ferric reductase activity was found to be pteridine-independent since exhaustive dialysis did not reduce activity and heat-inactivation destroyed activity . 
In intestinal Caco-2 cells , DHPR mRNA levels were found to be regulated by iron . 
Thus , DHPR appears to be a dual function enzyme , a NADH-dependent dihydopteridine reductase and an iron-regulated , NADH-dependent , pteridine-independent ferric reductase . High affinity blockade of the HERG cardiac K ( + ) channel by the neuroleptic pimozide . Trilostane in advanced breast cancer . A library of more than 200 novel uncharged oxime reactivators was used to select and refine lead reactivators of human acetylcholinesterase ( hAChE ) covalently conjugated with sarin , cyclosarin , VX , paraoxon and tabun . 
N-substituted 2-hydroxyiminoacetamido alkylamines were identified as best reactivators and reactivation kinetics of the lead oximes , RS41A and RS194B , were analyzed in detail . 
Compared to reference pyridinium reactivators , 2PAM and MMB4 , molecular recognition of RS41A reflected in its Kox constant was compromised by an order of magnitude on average for different OP-hAChE conjugates , without significant differences in the first order maximal phosphorylation rate constant k2 . 
Systematic structural modifications of the RS41A lead resulted in several-fold improvement with reactivator , RS194B . 
Kinetic analysis indicated Kox reduction for RS194B as the main kinetic constant leading to efficient reactivation . 
Subtle structural modifications of RS194B were used to identify essential determinants for efficient reactivation . 
Computational molecular modeling of RS41A and RS194B interactions with VX inhibited hAChE , bound reversibly in Michaelis type complex and covalently in the pentacoordinate reaction intermediate suggests that the faster reactivation reaction is a consequence of a tighter RS194B interactions with hAChE peripheral site ( PAS ) residues , in particular with D74 , resulting in lower interaction energies for formation of both the binding and reactivation states . 
Desirable in vitro reactivation properties of RS194B , when coupled with its in vivo pharmacokinetics and disposition in the body , reveal the potential of this oxime design as promising centrally and peripherally active antidotes for OP toxicity . Fibrates are widely used drugs which lower triglycerides and increase HDL concentrations in serum . 
Recent findings from our laboratory have shown that fibrates repress apolipoprotein ( apo ) CIII gene expression , an effect that explains partially the triglyceride-lowering activity of these drugs . 
The goal of the present study was to compare the effect of various fibrates on apo CIII gene expression in the human hepatoblastoma cell line HepG2 . 
First , we demonstrate that the level of apo CIII secretion by HepG2 cells is controlled by serum factors whereas apo CIII mRNA levels are not and even increase under conditions when apo CIII secretion dramatically decreases . 
Twelve different fetal calf serum batches were tested during this study and apo CIII secretion in cell medium could only be detected with three of them . 
The effect of serum on apolipoprotein secretion was more pronounced for apo CIII whereas other apolipoproteins ( apo E , apo B , apo AII and apo AI ) were affected to a lesser extent . 
Under serum conditions allowing apo CIII secretion , treatment with the peroxisome-proliferator activated receptor ( PPAR ) alpha activators fenofibrate , gemfibrozil and Wy-14643 result in a marked lowering of apo CIII secretion and gene expression , this effect being most pronounced with Wy-14643 . 
Comparison of the activity of a PPARgamma-specific ligand , the antidiabetic thiazolidinedione , BRL-49653 and a PPARalpha ligand Wy-14643 showed a marked decrease of apo CIII secretion and gene expression after activation of PPARalpha but not PPARgamma . 
In conclusion , fibrates down-regulate apo CIII gene expression in human HepG2 cells , most likely via PPARalpha but not via PPARgamma . 
However , these effects are only observed in HepG2 cells cultured under appropriate conditions . The aim of this study was to investigate the involvement of the transient receptor potential ankyrin 1 ( TRPA1 ) in haemorrhagic cystitis , the main side effect of cyclophosphamide-based chemotherapy . 
Hannover female rats received intraperitoneal ( i . 
p . 
) injection of cyclophosphamide ( three doses of 100mg / kg , every other day , in a total of five days ) . 
This treatment was followed by the treatment with TRPA1 antagonist HC 030031 ( 50mg / kg , p . 
o . 
) . 
The threshold for hindpaw withdrawal or abdominal retraction to von Frey Hair and the locomotor activity were measured . 
The treatment with the TRPA1 antagonist HC 030031 significantly decreased mechanical hyperalgesia induced by cyclophosphamide without interfere with locomotor activity . 
Urodynamic parameters were performed by cystometry 24h after a single treatment with cyclophosphamide ( 200mg / kg , i . 
p . 
) in control and HC 030031 treated rats . 
Analyses of the urodynamic parameters showed that a single dose of cyclophosphamide was enough to significantly increase the number and amplitude of non-voiding contractions and to decrease the voided volume and voiding efficiency , without significantly altering basal , threshold or maximum pressure . 
The treatment with HC 030031 either before ( 100mg / kg , p . 
o . 
) or after ( 30mg / kg , i . 
v . 
) cyclophosphamide inhibited the non-voiding contractions but failed to counteract the loss in voiding efficiency . 
Our data demonstrates that nociceptive symptoms and urinary bladder overactivity caused by cyclophosphamide , in part , are dependent upon the activation of TRPA1 . 
In this context , the antagonism of the receptor may be an alternative to minimise the urotoxic symptoms caused by this chemotherapeutic agent . Progression of breast cancer from an estrogen-dependent , slowly growing tumor amenable to tamoxifen treatment to an aggressive , metastatic , estrogen-independent phenotype has been mimicked by the transfection of MCF-7 breast carcinoma cells with fibroblast growth factors 1 or 4 . 
FGF-transfected cells are aggressively tumorigenic in ovariectomized or tamoxifen-treated nude mice , conditions under which the parental cells would not produce tumors . 
When detection of metastasis was enhanced by lacZ transfection , the FGF-transfected MCF-7 cells were reliably metastatic to lymph nodes and frequently metastatic to lungs , in further contrast to parental cells . 
An antiangiogenic drug , AGM-1470 , given to mice bearing tumors produced by FGF-transfected MCF-7 cells , produced a decrease in tumor size . 
The decreased tumor size was not as marked as that produced by treatment with pentosan polysulfate , an agent which would abrogate all autocrine or paracrine effects of the transfected FGF . 
Thus , increased angiogenesis may be a component of the phenotypic change produced by the FGF transfection , but other autocrine or paracrine effects may also be important . 
Since a clonal FGF-4 and lacZ doubly-transfected cell line , MKL-4 , progressively lost expression of the transfected lacZ gene in individual cells , we performed successive rounds of fluorescence-activated cell sorting to select high-expressing cells . 
High-expressing cell populations thus obtained rapidly lost expression of beta-gal activity in continued culture . 
High beta-gal expressing clonal cell lines of MKL-4 cells established by either one or two rounds of low-density cloning also lost lacZ expression with continued culture . 
Southern analysis of DNA from lacZ transfected cell lines showed the transfected sequences to be present and grossly intact in both high and low expressing populations . 
However , Northern analysis revealed that high-expressing populations of MKL-4 cells contained the most lacZ mRNA , implying that in the unstable MKL-4 cell line , individual cells are down-regulating mRNA levels of lacZ . 
Stable lacZ expression has been obtained in other FGF-transfected and parental MCF-7 cell lines using the same expression vector . 
Thus , the MKL-4 cell line is down-regulating mRNA encoding the transfected gene through a mechanism not dependent on the CMV promotor utilized in the expression vector . 
This evidence suggests that lacZ expression is not a benign modification in certain cells . Targeted nano-particulate systems hold extraordinary potential for delivery of therapeutics across blood brain barrier ( BBB ) . 
In this work , we investigated the potential of novel bi-ligand ( transferrin-poly-l-arginine ) liposomal vector for delivery of desired gene to brain , in vivo . 
The in vivo evaluation of the delivery vectors is essential for clinical translation . 
We followed an innovative approach of combining transferrin receptor targeting with enhanced cell penetration to design liposomal vectors for improving the transport of molecules into brain . 
The biodistribution profile of 1 , 1'-dioctadecyl-3 , 3 , 3' , 3'-tetramethyl-indocarbocyanine iodide ( DiR ) -labeled liposomes was evaluated in adult rats after single intravenous injection at dose of 15 . 2μmoles of phospholipids / kg body weight . 
We demonstrated that bi-ligand liposomes accumulated in rat brain at significantly ( p<0 . 05 ) higher concentrations as compared to the single-ligand ( transferrin ) or plain liposomes . 
In addition , the bi-ligand liposomes resulted in increased expression of β-galactosidase ( β-gal ) plasmid in rat brain tissue in comparison to the single-ligand liposomes . 
Histological examination of the transfected tissues did not show any signs of tissue necrosis or inflammation . 
Hemolysis assay further authenticated the biocompatibility of bi-ligand liposomes in blood up to 600 nmoles of phospholipids / 1 . 4×10 ( 7 ) erythrocytes . 
The findings of this study provide important and detailed information regarding the distribution of bi-ligand liposomes in vivo and accentuate their ability to demonstrate improved brain penetration and transfection potential over single-ligand liposomes . TAS-102 is a new oral anti-cancer drug preparation , composed of a 1 : 0 . 5 mixture ( on a molar basis ) of alpha , alpha , alpha-trifluorothymidine ( FTD ) and 5-chloro-6- [ 1- ( 2-iminopyrrolidinyl ) methyl ] -2 , 4 ( 1H , 3H ) -pyrimidinedione hydrochloride ( TPI ) . 
TAS-102 currently undergoing clinical trials , has been demonstrated to have at least two mechanisms , inhibition of TS and incorporation into DNA . 
We hypothesized that the thymidine metabolism enzyme may be a crucial factor that affects the antitumor activity of TAS-102 . 
In the present study , we measured the enzyme activity of thymidine kinase ( TK ) , thymidine phosphorylase ( TP ) and thymidilate synthase ( TS ) in human cancer xenografts to investigate the contribution of these enzymes to the sensitivity of TAS-102 . 
Antitumor activity of TAS-102 appears to be associated with TK , tumor growth and TS . 
However , the most related factors in this study were the TK and TP ratio . 
There was a significant correlation ( p = 0 . 04 ) between tumor growth inhibition and this ratio . 
These results suggested that the activation and degradation pattern of FTD plays an important role in the efficacy of TAS-102 and that it is possible to use the TK / TP ratio to predict response to TAS-102 therapy . 
We also studied the influence of TPI on the capacity of exogenous dThd to reverse FTD-dependent growth inhibition . 
Thymidine ( dThd ) levels rescued the effect of FTD in vitro and significantly increased in serum after administration of TAS-102 or TPI alone but not FTD alone . 
This may suggest the possibility of a decrease in antitumor effect . 
However , our study indicated that the therapeutic index was clearly increased by FTD combined with TPI , compared with FTD alone , suggesting FTD-induced toxicity to sensitive host tissue can be selectively reversed with dThd . 
In conclusion , TK and TPI effects on TP play important roles in the cytotoxic action of TAS-102 , and it is possible to use the TK / TP ratio to predict more precisely individual resistance or sensitivity . RATIONALE : Treatment with a carbon monoxide-releasing molecule ( tricarbonyldichlororuthenium ( II ) dimer , CORM-2 ) or a classical heme oxygenase 1 inducer ( cobalt protoporphyrin IX , CoPP ) has potent anti-inflammatory effects , but the role played by these treatments in the antinociceptive effects of morphine during acute and chronic pain was not evaluated . 
OBJECTIVES : In wild type ( WT ) , neuronal ( NOS1-KO ) , or inducible ( NOS2-KO ) nitric oxide synthases knockout mice , we evaluated the effects of CORM-2 and CoPP treatments in the antinociceptive actions of morphine and their interaction with nitric oxide during acute , visceral , and chronic inflammatory or neuropathic pain . 
METHODS : Acute and visceral pain was assessed through formalin and acid acetic writhing tests . 
Chronic inflammatory pain induced by the intra-articular administration of complete Freund's adjuvant and neuropathic pain by partial ligation of sciatic nerve were evaluated by measuring allodynia and hyperalgesia using the von Frey filaments , plantar , or cold plate tests . 
RESULTS : While nitric oxide , synthetized by NOS1 and / or NOS2 , increased the local antinociceptive effects of morphine during acute and chronic pain , it decreased the inhibitory effects of morphine after visceral pain . 
Moreover , while CORM-2 or CoPP treatments did not alter or reduced the antinociceptive effects of morphine during acute and visceral pain , both treatments improved the local antiallodynic and antihyperalgesic effects of morphine after chronic inflammatory or neuropathic pain in WT , but not in KO mice . 
CONCLUSIONS : CORM-2 and CoPP treatments improved the local antinociceptive effects of morphine during chronic inflammatory and neuropathic pain by interaction with nitric oxide synthetized by NOS1 and NOS2 isoforms . The iron chelator , deferasirox , as a novel strategy for cancer treatment : oral activity against human lung tumor xenografts and molecular mechanism of action . The accuracy and performance of implicit solvent methods for solvation free energy calculations were assessed on a set of 20 neutral drug molecules . 
Molecular dynamics ( MD ) provided ensembles of conformations in water and water-saturated octanol . 
The solvation free energies were calculated by popular implicit solvent models based on quantum mechanical ( QM ) electronic densities ( COSMO-RS , MST , SMD ) as well as on molecular mechanical ( MM ) point-charge models ( GB , PB ) . 
The performance of the implicit models was tested by a comparison with experimental water-octanol transfer free energies ( ΔGow ) by using single- and multiconformation approaches . 
MD simulations revealed difficulties in a priori estimation of the flexibility features of the solutes from simple structural descriptors , such as the number of rotatable bonds . 
An increasing accuracy of the calculated ΔGow was observed in the following order : GB1 ∼ PB < GB7 ≪ MST < SMD ∼ COSMO-RS with a clear distinction identified between MM- and QM-based models , although for the set excluding three largest molecules , the differences among COSMO-RS , MST , and SMD were negligible . 
It was shown that the single-conformation approach applied to crystal geometries provides a rather accurate estimate of ΔGow for rigid molecules yet fails completely for the flexible ones . 
The multiconformation approaches improved the performance , but only when the deformation contribution was ignored . 
It was revealed that for large-scale calculations on small molecules a recent GB model , GB7 , provided a reasonable accuracy / speed ratio . 
In conclusion , the study contributes to the understanding of solvation free energy calculations for physical and medicinal chemistry applications . Epigallocatechin-3-Gallate Inhibits Collagen Production of Nasal Polyp-Derived Fibroblasts . Preferential cerebrospinal fluid acetylcholinesterase inhibition by rivastigmine in humans . Salt bridge switching from Arg290 / Glu167 to Arg290 / ATP promotes the closed-to-open transition of the P2X2 receptor . Nitric oxide , but not vasopressin V2 receptor-mediated vasodilation , modulates vasopressin-induced renal vasoconstriction in rats . The murine neuronal facilitative glucose transporter isoform 3 ( Glut3 ) is developmentally regulated , peaking in expression at postnatal day ( PN ) 14 . 
In the present study , we characterized a canonical CpG island spanning the 5'-flanking region of the glut3 gene . 
Methylation-specific PCR and bisulfite sequencing identified methylation of this CpG ( ( m ) CpG ) island of the glut3 gene , frequency of methylation increasing 2 . 5-fold with a 1 . 6-fold increase in DNA methyl transferase 3a concentrations noted with advancing postnatal age ( PN14 vs PN3 ) . 
5'-flanking region of glut3-luciferase reporter transient transfection in HT22 hippocampal neurons demonstrated that ( m ) CpGs inhibit glut3 transcription . 
Contrary to this biological function , glut3 expression rises synchronously with ( m ) CpGs in PN14 vs PN3 neurons . 
Chromatin immunoprecipitation ( IP ) revealed that methyl-CpG binding protein 2 ( Mecp2 ) bound the glut3- ( m ) CpGs . 
Depending on association with specific coregulators , Mecp2 , a dual regulator of gene transcription , may repress or activate a downstream gene . 
Sequential chromatin IP uncovered the glut3- ( m ) CpGs to bind Mecp2 exponentially upon recruitment of Creb1 rather than histone deacetylase 1 . 
Co-IP and coimmunolocalization confirmed that Creb1 associated with Mecp2 and cotransfection with glut3- ( m ) CpG in HT22 cells enhanced glut3 transcription . 
Separate 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine pretreatment or in combination with trichostatin A reduced ( m ) CpG and specific small interference RNAs targeting Mecp2 and Creb1 separately or together depleting Mecp2 and / or Creb1 binding of glut3- ( m ) CpGs reduced glut3 expression in HT22 cells . 
We conclude that Glut3 is a methylation-sensitive neuronal gene that recruits Mecp2 . 
Recruitment of Creb1-Mecp2 by glut3- ( m ) CpG contributes towards transactivation , formulating an escape from ( m ) CpG-induced gene suppression , and thereby promoting developmental neuronal glut3 gene transcription and expression . In this work , we report that the recombinant glutathione S-transferase ( GST ) -human L-glutamic acid decarboxylase ( HGAD ) isoforms , 65-kDa L-glutamic acid decarboxylase ( GAD ) ( GST-HGAD65 ) fusion protein or free truncated HGAD65 , were activated by apocalmodulin ( ApoCaM ) to an extent of 60% . 
Both truncated forms of GAD67 ( tGAD67 ) , HGAD67 ( Delta1-70 ) and HGAD67 ( Delta1-90 ) , were markedly activated by ApoCaM to an extent of 141 and 85% , respectively , while GST-HGAD67 was not significantly affected . 
The activation appears to be due to an increase of GAD affinity for its cofactor , pyridoxal phosphate ( PLP ) . 
This conclusion is based on the following observations . 
Firstly , the V ( max ) of GAD was increased when ApoCaM was present whereas the affinity for the substrate , glutamate , was not affected . 
Secondly , the affinity of GAD for PLP was increased in the presence of ApoCaM . 
Thirdly , results from calmodulin-agarose affinity column chromatography studies indicated a direct interaction or binding between ApoCaM and GAD . 
Fourthly , ApoCaM was found to be copurified with GAD65 / GAD67 by anti-GAD65 / 67 immunoaffinity column using rat brain extract . 
Hence , it is proposed that a conformational change is induced when ApoCaM interacts with GAD65 or tGAD67 , resulting in an increase of GAD affinity for PLP and the activation of GAD . 
The physiological significance of the interaction between GAD and ApoCaM is discussed . In rat kidney the "secretory" isoform of the Na + -K + -2Cl- cotransporter ( NKCC1 ) localizes to the basolateral membrane of the alpha-intercalated cell . 
The purpose of this study was to determine whether rat outer medullary collecting duct ( OMCD ) secretes Cl- and whether transepithelial Cl- transport occurs , in part , through Cl- uptake across the basolateral membrane mediated by NKCC1 in series with Cl- efflux across the apical membrane . 
OMCD tubules from rats treated with deoxycorticosterone pivalate were perfused in vitro in symmetrical HCO / CO2-buffered solutions . 
Cl- secretion was observed in this segment , accompanied by a lumen positive transepithelial potential . 
Bumetanide ( 100 microM ) , when added to the bath , reduced Cl- secretion by 78% , although the lumen positive transepithelial potential and fluid flux were unchanged . 
Bumetanide-sensitive Cl- secretion was dependent on extracellular Na + and either K + or NH , consistent with the ion dependency of NKCC1-mediated Cl- transport . 
In conclusion , OMCD tubules from deoxycorticosterone pivalate-treated rats secrete Cl- into the luminal fluid through NKCC1-mediated Cl- uptake across the basolateral membrane in series with Cl- efflux across the apical membrane . 
The physiological role of NKCC1-mediated Cl- uptake remains to be determined . 
However , the role of NKCC1 in the process of fluid secretion could not be demonstrated . Chemotherapy and targeted therapy combinations in advanced melanoma . The first genetic defect in human signal transducer and activator of transcription ( STAT ) 5b was identified in an individual with profound short stature and GH insensitivity , immune dysfunction , and severe pulmonary disease , and was caused by an alanine to proline substitution ( A630P ) within the Src homology-2 ( SH2 ) domain . 
STAT5b ( A630P ) was found to be an inactive transcription factor based on its aberrant folding , diminished solubility , and propensity for aggregation triggered by its misfolded SH2 domain . 
Here we have characterized the second human STAT5b amino acid substitution mutation in an individual with similar pathophysiological features . 
This single nucleotide transition , predicted to change phenyalanine 646 to serine ( F646S ) , also maps to the SH2 domain . 
Like STAT5b ( A630P ) , STAT5b ( F646S ) is prone to aggregation , as evidenced by its detection in the insoluble fraction of cell extracts , the presence of dimers and higher-order oligomers in the soluble fraction , and formation of insoluble cytoplasmic inclusion bodies in cells . 
Unlike STAT5b ( A630P ) , which showed minimal GH-induced tyrosine phosphorylation and no transcriptional activity , STAT5b ( F646S ) became tyrosine phosphorylated after GH treatment and could function as a GH-activated transcription factor , although to a substantially lesser extent than STAT5b ( WT ) . 
Biochemical characterization demonstrated that the isolated SH2 domain containing the F646S substitution closely resembled the wild-type SH2 domain in secondary structure , but exhibited reduced thermodynamic stability and altered tertiary structure that were intermediate between STAT5b ( A630P ) and STAT5b ( WT ) . 
Homology-based structural modeling suggests that the F646S mutation disrupts key hydrophobic interactions and may also distort the phosphopeptide-binding face of the SH2 domain , explaining both the reduced thermodynamic stability and impaired biological activity . Anti-inflammatory effect of essential oil and its constituents from fingered citron ( Citrus medica L . 
var . 
sarcodactylis ) through blocking JNK , ERK and NF-κB signaling pathways in LPS-activated RAW 264 . 7 cells . The immunosuppressant sirolimus and curcumin , the main principle of the turmeric spice , have shown antiproliferative effects on many human and not-human cell lines . 
Whereas the antiproliferative effect of sirolimus is mainly mediated by inhibition of mTOR , curcumin is described to affect many molecular targets which makes it unpredictable to appraise if the effects of these both substances on cell proliferation and especially on immunosuppression are additive or synergistic . 
To answer this question we investigated the interaction of both these substances on OKT3-induced human peripheral blood mononuclear cell ( PBMC ) proliferation . 
OKT3-induced human PBMC proliferation was determined by measuring ( 3 ) H-thymidine incorporation . 
Influence of curcumin on interleukin-2 ( IL-2 ) release and IκB-phosphorylation in PBMC was determined by ELISA and western blot , respectively . 
Curcumin-induced apoptosis and necrosis was analyzed by FACS analysis . 
Whereas curcumin completely inhibited OKT3-induced PBMC proliferation in a dose-dependent manner with an IC ( 50 ) of 2 . 8 μM , sirolimus could reduce PBMC proliferation dose-dependently only to a minimum of 28% at a concentration of 5 ng / ml ( IC ( 50 ) 1 . 1 ng / ml ) . 
When curcumin was combined at concentrations of 1 . 25-2 . 5 μM with sirolimus at concentrations from 0 . 63 to 1 . 25 ng / ml the effects were synergistic . 
Combination of curcumin ( 1 . 25-2 . 5 μM ) with sirolimus ( 5 ng / ml ) showed additive effects . 
The effects after combination of curcumin at 5 μM with each sirolimus concentration and sirolimus at 10 ng / ml with each curcumin concentration were presumably antagonistic . 
We conclude that the immunosuppressive effects of curcumin and sirolimus in low concentrations are synergistic in OKT3-activated PBMC . 
Whether curcumin and sirolimus have also synergistic antiproliferative effects in tumor cells has to be shown in further experiments including animal models . Hypoxia and lactate production in trophoblast cells . The effect of the R ( - ) and S ( + ) isomers of 3 , 4-methylenedioxyamphetamine ( MDA ) and its N-methyl analog 3 , 4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine ( MDMA ) on [ 3H ] inositol monophosphate accumulation was studied in cells expressing either 5-HT2A or 5-HT2C receptors . 
The isomers of MDA produced a concentration dependent increase in phosphatidyl inositol ( PI ) hydrolysis at the 5-HT2A receptors , with the R ( - ) isomer of MDA being more potent than the S ( + ) at the 5-HT2A receptor . 
The R ( - ) and S ( + ) isomers of MDMA were significantly less efficacious at the 5-HT2A receptor as compared to MDA; S ( + ) MDMA had no effect . 
At the 5-HT2C receptor , both R ( - ) and S ( + ) MDA were equipotent at stimulating PI hydrolysis , with the S ( + ) isomer of MDMA being more efficacious at the 5-HT2C receptor compared with the R ( - ) isomer . 
In all cases at both the 5-HT2A and 5-HT2C receptors , the affinities of the isomers of MDMA and MDA were at least 2-3 orders of magnitude less than 5-HT . 
Despite the weak effect of these compounds at the 5-HT2A and 5-HT2C receptors , these substituted amphetamines do possess intrinsic activity which may contribute to their neurotoxic effects when administered at high doses . Our previous study has revealed that dioscin , a compound with anti-inflammatory , lipid-lowering , anticancer and hepatoprotective effects , may induce autophagy in hepatoma cells . 
Autophagy is a lysosomal degradation pathway that is essential for cell survival and tissue homeostasis . 
In this study , the role of autophagy and related signaling pathways during dioscin-induced apoptosis in human lung cancer cells was investigated . 
Results from 4'-6-diamidino-2-phenylindole and annexin-V / PI double-staining assay showed that caspase-3- and caspase-8-dependent , and dose-dependent apoptoses were detected after a 24-h dioscin treatment . 
Meanwhile , autophagy was detected as early as 12 h after an exposure to low-dose dioscin , as indicated by an up-regulated expression of LC3-II and beclin-1 proteins . 
Blockade of autophagy with bafilomycin A1 or 3-methyladenine sensitized the A549 and H1299 cells to apoptosis . 
Treatment of A549 and H1299 cells with dioscin caused a dose-dependent increase in ERK1 / 2 and JNK1 / 2 activity , accompanied with a decreased PI3K expression and decreased phosphorylation of Akt and mTOR . 
Taken together , this study demonstrated for the first time that autophagy occurred earlier than apoptosis during dioscin-induced human lung cancer cell line apoptosis . 
Dioscin-induced autophagy via ERK1 / 2 and JNK1 / 2 pathways may provide a protective mechanism for cell survival against dioscin-induced apoptosis to act as a cytoprotective reaction . The role of renal chloride channel mutations in kidney stone disease and nephrocalcinosis . Diabetic patients often have manifestation of coronary heart disease . 
As a consequence , therapeutic strategies for diabetes should pay more attention to hypoglycemic agents which do not have adverse effects on myocardium . 
Mitiglinide is considered to have little or no impact on the cardioprotective effect of ischemic preconditioning ( IP ) because of its high selectivity for blocking sulfonylurea receptor1 ( SUR1 ) . 
However , glibenclamide , a nonselective SUR blocker , attenuates this beneficial effect . 
In the present study , we tested the hypothesis that mitiglinide preserves the protective action of IP evaluated by ischemia / reperfusion ventricular tachyarrhythmia ( rVT ) in isolated perfused rat hearts . 
After initial perfusion , the hearts were assigned to one of the following groups : 1 ) non-IP with control perfusion buffer ( non-IP group ) ; 2 ) IP with control perfusion buffer ( IP-C group ) ; 3 ) IP with perfusion buffer containing glibenclamide ( IP-G group ) ; and 4 ) IP with perfusion buffer containing mitiglinide ( IP-M group ) . 
The protocol for the non-IP group consisted of 21 minutes of aerobic perfusion before 10 minutes of ischemia . 
In the other 3 groups ( IP groups ) , there were 3 cycles of 2-minute ischemia followed by 5 minutes of reperfusion before 10 minutes of ischemia . 
The IP-C group had a significantly shorter rVT duration than the non-IP group ( 4 . 4 + / - 1 . 8 minutes versus 14 . 3 + / - 2 . 5 minutes; P < 0 . 05 ) . 
rVT duration was the shortest in the IP-M group ( 3 . 9 + / - 1 . 0 minutes ) , but among the longest in the IP-G group ( 14 . 0 + / - 2 . 6 minutes ) . 
In conclusion , mitiglinide preserved the cardioprotective effect of IP , however , glibenclamide abolished this beneficial effect . 
Therefore , mitiglinide may offer a long-term benefit for myocardial ischemia in diabetic patients . Nonsegmental vitiligo ( NSV ) is characterized by loss of inherited skin color . 
The cause of the disease is still unknown despite accumulating in vivo and in vitro evidence of massive epidermal oxidative stress via H2O2 and peroxynitrite ( ONOO ( - ) ) in affected individuals . 
The most favored hypothesis is based on autoimmune mechanisms . 
Strictly segmental vitiligo ( SSV ) with dermatomal distribution is a rare entity , often associated with stable outcome . 
Recently , it was documented that this form can be associated with NSV ( mixed vitiligo ) . 
We here asked the question whether ROS and possibly ONOO ( - ) could be players in the pathogenesis of SSV . 
Our in situ results demonstrate for the first time epidermal biopterin accumulation together with significantly decreased epidermal catalase , thioredoxin / thioreoxin reductase , and MSRA / MSRB expression . 
Moreover , we show epidermal ONOO ( - ) accumulation . 
In vivo FT-Raman spectroscopy reveals the presence of H2O2 , methionine sulfoxide , and tryptophan metabolites; i . 
e . 
, N-formylkynurenine and kynurenine , implying Fenton chemistry in the cascade ( n = 10 ) . 
Validation of the basic data stems from successful repigmentation of skin and eyelashes in affected individuals , regardless of SSV or segmental vitiligo in association with NSV after reduction of epidermal H2O2 ( n = 5 ) . 
Taken together , our contribution strongly supports H2O2 / ONOO-mediated stress in the pathogenesis of SSV . 
Our findings offer new treatment intervention for lost skin and hair color . 
-Schallreuter , K . 
U . 
, Salem , M . 
A . 
E . 
L . 
, Holtz , S . 
, Panske , A . 
Basic evidence for epidermal H2O2 / ONOO ( - ) -mediated oxidation / nitration in segmental vitiligo is supported by repigmentation of skin and eyelashes after reduction of epidermal H2O2 with topical NB-UVB-activated pseudocatalase PC-KUS . BACKGROUND : Endothelial dysfunction , largely dependent on impaired nitric oxide bioavailability , has been reportedly associated with incident type 2 diabetes . 
Our aim was to test the hypothesis that asymmetric dimethylarginine ( ADMA ) , an endogenous inhibitor of nitric oxide formation , might be linked to future deterioration in glucose tolerance in stable coronary artery disease ( CAD ) . 
METHODS : We studied 80 non-diabetic men ( mean age 55 + / - 11 years ) with stable angina who underwent successful elective complex coronary angioplasty and were receiving a standard medical according to practice guidelines . 
Plasma ADMA and its structural isomer symmetric dimethylarginine ( SDMA ) were measured prior to coronary angiography . 
An estimate of insulin resistance by homeostasis model assessment ( HOMA-IR index ) was calculated from fasting insulin and glucose . 
Deterioration in glucose tolerance was defined as development of type 2 diabetes or progression from a normal glucose tolerance to impaired fasting glucose . 
RESULTS : Over a median follow-up of 55 months 11 subjects developed type 2 diabetes and 13 progressed to impaired fasting glucose . 
Incident deterioration of glucose tolerance was associated with ADMA ( hazard ratio [ HR ] per 1-SD increment 1 . 64 [ 95% CI : 1 . 14--2 . 35 ] ; P = 0 . 007 ) , log ( HOMA-IR index ) ( HR = 1 . 60 [ 1 . 16--2 . 20 ] ; P = 0 . 004 ) and body-mass index ( HR = 1 . 44 [ 0 . 95--2 . 17 ] ; P = 0 . 08 ) by univariate Cox regression . 
ADMA ( HR = 1 . 65 [ 1 . 14--2 . 38 ] ; p = 0 . 008 ) and log ( HOMA-IR index ) ( HR = 1 . 55 [ 1 . 10--2 . 17 ] ; P = 0 . 01 ) were multivariate predictors of a decline in glucose tolerance . 
ADMA and SDMA were unrelated to body-mass index , HOMA-IR index , insulin or glucose . 
CONCLUSIONS : ADMA predicts future deterioration of glucose tolerance independently of baseline insulin resistance in men with stable CAD . 
Whether this association reflects a contribution of endothelial dysfunction to accelerated decline of insulin sensitivity , or represents only an epiphenomenon accompanying pre-diabetes , remains to be elucidated . 
The observed relationship might contribute to the well-recognized ability of ADMA to predict cardiovascular outcome . A cocaine-sensitive Drosophila serotonin transporter : cloning , expression , and electrophysiological characterization . The discovery of an inducible oxidase whose apparent substrate preference is spermine indicates that polyamine catabolism is more complex than that originally proposed . 
To facilitate the study of this enzyme , the purification and characterization of the recombinant human PAOh1 / SMO polyamine oxidase are reported . 
Purified PAOh1 / SMO oxidizes both spermine ( K ( m ) = 1 . 6 microM ) and N ( 1 ) -acetylspermine ( K ( m ) = 51 microM ) , but does not oxidize spermidine . 
The purified human enzyme also does not oxidize eight representative antitumor polyamine analogues; however , specific oligamine analogues were found to be potent inhibitors of the oxidation of spermine by PAOh1 / SMO . 
The results of these studies are consistent with the hypothesis that PAOh1 / SMO represents a new addition to the polyamine metabolic pathway that may represent a new target for antineoplastic drug development . HM74 ( GPR109B ) and the highly homologous gene , HM74A ( GPR109A ) code for Gi-G protein-coupled orphan receptors that recently have been discovered to be involved in the metabolic effects of niacin . 
The B vitamin niacin is an important agent used in the treatment of dyslipidemias , but its use is limited by side effects . 
The novel role of the adjacent HM74 and HM74A genes in the metabolism of niacin may provide new targets for drug development . 
Human genetic variations in HM74 and HM74A have been reported but have not been studied in detail . 
These variations may play a role in the response to agents targeting receptors coded by these genes . 
Here we show that many of the nonsynonymous SNPs listed in public databases for HM74 and HM74A are artifacts resulting from extensive homology between these two genes . 
This may be representative of a neglected phenomenon in reporting sequences of highly homologous genes . 
We provide primer sequences that permit selective amplification of the complete coding regions of HM74 and HM74A . 
Using these primers , we show that subsequent sequencing of HM74 and HM74A reveals a novel and unique variation in the HM74A gene . 
Haplotype analysis suggests four SNPs can define the five major haplotypes that lie within a single haplotype block encompassing these two genes . Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs activate carbonic anhydrase by a direct mechanism of action . Thalidomide is an antiangiogenic drug and is clinically useful in a number of cancers . 
However , the molecular mechanism by which thalidomide exerts its antitumor effects is poorly understood . 
This study was designed to clarify the relationship between antiangiogenesis and antitumor effects of thalidomide and to explore the molecular mechanism for its antitumor activity . 
We evaluated the effects of thalidomide on the growth of human tumor cells expressing ( MCF-7 and HL-60 ) or not expressing ( HeLa and K562 ) COX-2 in vitro . 
We also studied the effects of thalidomide on COX-1 , COX-2 or bcl-2 expression , TNFalpha , VEGF , GSH and cytochrome c in these cells . 
Thalidomide could inhibit tumor growth in a concentration-dependent manner in MCF-7 and HL-60; its IC50s for them were 18 . 36 + / -2 . 34 and 22 . 14 + / -2 . 15 microM , respectively , while this effect was not observed in HeLa and K562 . 
Thalidomide reduced COX-2 expression accompanied by a decrease of bcl-2 protein , TNFalpha , VEGF , GSH and an increased cytochrome c , but had no effect on that of COX-1 , in MCF-7 and HL-60 . 
Moreover , cells not expressing COX-2 were insensitive to the growth-inhibitory and effects on cytokines of thalidomide . 
In our mouse xenograft model of OVCAR-3 and HCT-8 , we found that thalidomide could decrease intratumoral microvessel density in both tumors; it exerted antitumor effects only on OVCAR-3 expressing COX-2 but did not on HCT-8 not expressing COX-2 . 
Effect of thalidomide on COX-1 and COX-2 in vivo was consistent with that of in vitro . 
These results demonstrated that thalidomide might inhibit growth of tumors through COX-2 degradation independent of antiangiogenesis . MDMA- and p-chlorophenylalanine-induced reduction in 5-HT concentrations : effects on serotonin transporter densities . Serine hydroxymethyltransferase isoforms are differentially inhibited by leucovorin : characterization and comparison of recombinant zebrafish serine hydroxymethyltransferases . The effects of catecholamines on ciliary motility of canine bronchial epithelium was studied by a photoelectric method in vitro . 
Addition of beta-adrenoceptor agonists increased ciliary beat frequency , a rank order of potency being salbutamol > or = BRL 37344 , a selective beta 3-adrenoceptor agonist > norepinephrine . 
The response to BRL 37344 was relatively resistant to the blockade of beta 1- and beta 2-adrenoceptors but was competitively antagonized by the beta 3-adrenoceptor antagonist cyanopindolol , with the pA2 value being lower than that when salbutamol was used as an agonist . 
These results suggest that beta 3-adrenoceptors exist in canine bronchial epithelium and that stimulation of this receptor subtype may enhance ciliary motility and , hence , mucociliary transport in the airway . ARF represses androgen receptor transactivation in prostate cancer . Expression , purification , characterization , and in vivo targeting of trypanosome CTP synthetase for treatment of African sleeping sickness . Indoleamine 2 , 3-dioxygenase inhibitory activity of derivatives of marine alkaloid tsitsikammamine A . Bicyclic pyrazinone and pyrimidinone amides were designed and synthesized as potent TF-FVIIa inhibitors . 
SAR demonstrated that the S2 and S3 pockets of FVIIa prefer to bind small , lipophilic groups . 
An X-ray crystal structure of optimized compound 9b bound in the active site of FVIIa showed that the bicyclic scaffold provides 5 hydrogen bonding interactions in addition to projecting groups for interactions within the S1 , S2 and S3 pockets . 
Compound 9b showed excellent FVIIa potency , good selectivity against FIXa , Xa , XIa and chymotrypsin , and good clotting activity . Conformationally restricted homotryptamines . 
Part 6 : Indole-5-cycloalkyl methylamines as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors . Trimipramine : a challenge to current concepts on antidepressives . Posterior capsular opacification ( PCO ) is the most frequent complication and the primary reason for visual decrease after extracapsular cataract surgery . 
The proliferation and migration of leftover lens epithelial cells ( LECs ) after surgery may contribute to the development of PCO . 
To prevent PCO , a rational approach would be to inhibit both the proliferation and the migration of LECs using nontoxic xenobiotics . 
Nobiletin , one of the most abundant polymethoxyflavones ( PMFs ) in citrus peel , and its synthetic congeners displayed a potent inhibition of LEC proliferation . 
Structural features which enhance anti-proliferative activity have also been discussed . Down-regulation of LRRK2 in control and DAT transfected HEK cells increases manganese-induced oxidative stress and cell toxicity . Vascular smooth muscle cells ( VSMCs ) that function as synthetic units play important roles in cardiovascular diseases . 
Extracellular nucleotides , such as ATP , have been shown to act via activation of P2 purinoceptors implicated in various inflammatory diseases , we hypothesized that extracellular nucleotides contribute to vascular diseases via up-regulation of inflammatory proteins , including cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) and cytosolic phospholipase A2 ( cPLA2 ) in VSMCs . 
However , the mechanisms of ATP-induced cPLA2 and COX-2 expression and PGE2 synthesis remain largely unclear . 
We showed that pretreatment with the inhibitors of STAT3 ( CBE ) , NADPH oxidase [ diphenyleneiodonium chloride ( DPI ) or apocynin ( APO ) ] , ROS [ N-acetyl-l-cysteine ( NAC ) ] , and PKC ( Ro-318220 , Gö6983 , or Rottlerin ) or transfection with siRNAs of STAT3 and p47 ( phox ) markedly inhibited ATPγS-induced cPLA2 and COX-2 mRNA / protein expression and promoter activity and PGE2 secretion . 
ATPγS further stimulated PKC , p47 ( phox ) , and STAT3 translocation . 
Moreover , ATPγS-induced STAT3 phosphorylation and translocation was inhibited by pretreatment with the inhibitors of PKC , NADPH oxidase , and ROS . 
ATPγS enhanced NADPH oxidase activity and ROS generation in VSMCs , which were reduced by pretreatment with Ro-318220 , Gö6983 , or Rottlerin . 
Finally , we found that ATPγS significantly induced cyclin D1 expression and VSMCs proliferation , which were inhibited by pretreatment with NAC , APO , DPI , Ro-318220 , Gö6983 , Rottlerin , or CBE or transfection with siRNAs of COX-2 and cyclin D1 . 
We also demonstrated that ATPγS induced cyclin D1 expression via a PGE2-dependent pathway . 
These results suggested that ATPγS-induced cPLA2 / COX-2 expression and PGE2 secretion is mediated through a PKC / NADPH oxidase / ROS / STAT3-dependent pathway in VSMCs . Design , Synthesis , and Biological Evaluation of a Series of Benzo [ de ] [ 1 , 7 ] naphthyridin-7 ( 8H ) -ones Bearing a Functionalized Longer Chain Appendage as Novel PARP1 Inhibitors . BACKGROUND : The use of beta-blockers has emerged as a beneficial treatment for congestive heart failure . 
Hypoxia-inducible factor-1alpha ( HIF-1alpha ) is tightly regulated in the ventricular myocardium . 
However , the expression of HIF-1alpha in chronic heart failure resulting from volume overload and after treatment with beta-blocker is little known . 
METHODS AND RESULTS : To test the hypothesis that HIF-1alpha plays a role in the failing myocardium because of volume overload , an aorta-caval shunt was created for 4 weeks in adult Sprague-Dawley rats to induce volume-overload heart failure . 
Carvedilol at 50 mg / kg body weight per day after surgery was given . 
The heart weight and body weight ratio increased from 2 . 6 + / - 0 . 3 in the sham group to 3 . 9 + / - 0 . 7 ( P < . 001 ) in the shunt group . 
Left ventricular end-diastolic dimension increased from 6 . 5 + / - 0 . 5 mm to 8 . 7 + / - 0 . 6 mm ( P < . 001 ) . 
Treatment with carvedilol in the shunt group reversed the heart weight and ventricular dimension to the baseline values . 
Western blot showed that HIF-1alpha , vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) , and brain natriuretic peptide ( BNP ) proteins were upregulated and nerve growth factor-beta ( NGF-beta ) downregulated in the shunt group . 
Real-time polymerase chain reaction showed that mRNA of HIF-1alpha , VEGF , and BNP increased and mRNA of NGF-beta decreased in the shunt group . 
Treatment with carvedilol reversed both protein and mRNA of HIF-1alpha , VEGF , BNP , and NGF-beta to the baseline values . 
Increased immunohistochemical labeling of HIF-1alpha , VEGF , and BNP in the ventricular myocardium was observed in the shunt group and carvedilol again normalized the labeling . 
CONCLUSION : HIF-1alpha and VEGF mRNA and protein expression were upregulated in the rat model of volume-overload heart failure . 
Treatment with carvedilol is associated with a reversal of abnormal regulation of HIF-1alpha and VEGF in the failing ventricular myocardium . Interactions between CYP2E1 and CYP2B4 : effects on affinity for NADPH-cytochrome P450 reductase and substrate metabolism . Tolvaptan is a selective arginine vasopressin ( AVP ) V ( 2 ) receptor blocker used to induce free water diuresis in the treatment of euvolemic or hypervolemic hyponatremia . 
Currently the orally active medication is in the final stages prior to approval by the FDA for outpatient therapy . 
It appears to be safe and effective at promoting aquaresis and raising serum sodium levels in both short- and long-term studies . 
Tolvaptan is also effective for treatment of congestive heart failure ( CHF ) exacerbation , but whether there are long standing beneficial effects on CHF is still controversial . 
Prolonged use of tolvaptan leads to increased endogenous levels of AVP and perhaps over-stimulation of V ( 1A ) receptors . 
Theoretically this activation could lead to increased afterload and cardiac myocyte fibrosis , causing progression of CHF . 
However , after 52 weeks of tolvaptan therapy there was no worsening of left ventricular dilatation . 
In addition , tolvaptan is metabolized by the CYP3A4 system; thus physicians should be aware of the potential for increased interactions with other medications . 
Tolvaptan is a breakthrough in the therapy of hyponatremia as it directly combats elevated AVP levels associated with the syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone , congestive heart failure , and cirrhosis of the liver . A novel retinoic acid-responsive element regulates retinoic acid-induced BLR1 expression . Rational design of alkylene-linked bis-pyridiniumaldoximes as improved acetylcholinesterase reactivators . Platelet activation by ADP and ATP plays a crucial role in haemostasis and thrombosis , and their so-called P2 receptors are potential targets for antithrombotic drugs . 
The ATP-gated channel P2X1 and the 2 G protein-coupled P2Y1 and P2Y12 ADP receptors selectively contribute to platelet aggregation . 
The P2Y1 receptor is responsible for ADP-induced shape change and weak and transient aggregation , while the P2Y12 receptor is responsible for the completion and amplification of the response to ADP and to all platelet agonists , including thromboxane A2 ( TXA2 ) , thrombin , and collagen . 
The P2X1 receptor is involved in platelet shape change and in activation by collagen under shear conditions . 
Due to its central role in the formation and stabilization of a thrombus , the P2Y12 receptor is a well-established target of antithrombotic drugs like ticlopidine or clopidogrel , which have proved efficacy in many clinical trials and experimental models of thrombosis . 
Competitive P2Y12 antagonists have also been shown to be effective in experimental thrombosis as well as in several clinical trials . 
Studies in P2Y1 and P2X1 knockout mice and experimental thrombosis models using selective P2Y1 and P2X1 antagonists have shown that , depending on the conditions , these receptors could also be potential targets for new antithrombotic drugs . Cisapride , a gastrointestinal prokinetic agent , is known to cause long Q-T syndrome and ventricular arrhythmias . 
The cellular mechanism is not known . 
The human ether-a-go-go-related gene ( HERG ) , which encodes the rapidly activating delayed rectifier K + current and is important in cardiac repolarization , may serve as a target for the action of cisapride . 
We tested the hypothesis that cisapride blocks HERG . 
The whole cell patch-clamp recording technique was used to study HERG channels stably expressed heterologously in HEK293 cells . 
Under voltage-clamp conditions , cisapride block of HERG is dose dependent with a half-maximal inhibitory concentration of 6 . 5 nM at 22 degrees C ( n = 25 cells ) . 
Currents rapidly recovered with drug washout . 
The onset of block by cisapride required channel activation indicative of open or inactivated state blockage . 
Block of HERG with cisapride after channel activation was voltage dependent . 
At -20 mV , 10 nM cisapride reduced HERG tail-current amplitude by 5% , whereas , at + 20 mV , the tail-current amplitude was reduced by 45% ( n = 4 cells ) . 
At -20 and + 20 mV , 100 nM cisapride reduced tail-current amplitude by 66 and 90% , respectively . 
We conclude that cisapride is a potent blocker of HERG channels expressed in HEK293 cells . 
This effect may account for the clinical occurrence of Q-T prolongation and ventricular arrhythmias observed with cisapride . There is evidence that high-density lipoproteins ( HDLs ) may regulate platelet function , but disparate results exist regarding the effects of oxidized HDLs on platelets . 
The objective of our study was to determine the role of in vivo oxidized HDLs on platelet aggregation . 
Platelet aggregation and redox status were investigated in 5 patients with abetalipoproteinemia ( ABLP ) or homozygous hypobetalipoproteinemia , two rare metabolic diseases characterized by the absence of apolipoprotein B-containing lipoproteins , compared to 5 control subjects . 
Platelets isolated from plasma of patients with ABLP aggregated 4 to 10 times more than control platelets , depending on the agonist . 
By contrast , no differences in the extent of platelet aggregation were observed between ABLP platelet-rich plasma ( PRP ) and control PRP , suggesting the presence of a protective factor in ABLP plasma . 
ABLP HDLs inhibited agonist-induced platelet aggregation by binding to SR-BI , while control HDLs had no effect . 
On the other hand , lipoprotein-deficient plasma from patients with ABLP did not inhibit platelet aggregation . 
Severe oxidative stress was evidenced in patients with ABLP . 
Compared to control HDLs , ABLP HDLs showed a 40% decrease of α-tocopherol and an 11-fold increased malondialdehyde concentration . 
These results demonstrate that in vivo oxidized HDLs do not lose their antiaggregatory properties despite oxidation . 
-Calzada , C . 
, Véricel , E . 
, Colas , R . 
, Guillot , N . 
, El Khoury , G . 
, Drai , J . 
, Sassolas , A . 
, Peretti , N . 
, Ponsin , G . 
, Lagarde , M . 
, Moulin , P . 
Inhibitory effects of in vivo oxidized high-density lipoproteins on platelet aggregation : evidence from patients with abetalipoproteinemia . NF-κB-associated mechanisms underlying the response of embryonic cells to Doxorubicin . Iron-sulphur ( [ Fe-S ] ) clusters are simple inorganic prosthetic groups that are contained in a variety of proteins having functions related to electron transfer , gene regulation , environmental sensing and substrate activation . 
In spite of their simple structures , biological [ Fe-S ] clusters are not formed spontaneously . 
Rather , a consortium of highly conserved proteins is required for both the formation of [ Fe-S ] clusters and their insertion into various protein partners . 
Among the [ Fe-S ] cluster biosynthetic proteins are included a pyridoxal phosphate-dependent enzyme ( NifS ) that is involved in the activation of sulphur from l-cysteine , and a molecular scaffold protein ( NifU ) upon which [ Fe-S ] cluster precursors are formed . 
The formation or transfer of [ Fe-S ] clusters appears to require an electron-transfer step . 
Another complexity is that molecular chaperones homologous to DnaJ and DnaK are involved in some aspect of the maturation of [ Fe-S ] -cluster-containing proteins . 
It appears that the basic biochemical features of [ Fe-S ] cluster formation are strongly conserved in Nature , since organisms from all three life Kingdoms contain the same consortium of homologous proteins required for [ Fe-S ] cluster formation that were discovered in the eubacteria . The effect of casein glycomacropeptide ( GMP ) as a specific regulating mediator in obese rats induced by high-fat ( HF ) diet was investigated . 
Male obese Sprague-Dawley ( SD ) rats induced by high-fat diet for 8weeks period were fed high-fat , high-fat with GMP of 100mg / kg BW ( HFLG ) , 200mg / kg BW ( HFMG ) and 400mg / kg BW ( HFHG ) for 6weeks . 
Compared with the high-fat control ( HFC ) group GMP supplementation significantly decreased adipose tissue weight , activity of fatty acid synthase ( FAS ) and glycerol-3-phosphate dehydrogenase ( GPDH ) . 
Hepatic lipid droplet size , plasma and hepatic lipid levels markedly reduced . 
Moreover , GMP reduces plasma total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein ( LDL ) cholesterol as well as hepatic-cholesterol and triglycerides . 
The liver steatosis observed in obese rats was also prevented by GMP supplement . 
In addition , GMP significantly diminished mitochondrial and liver malondialdehyde ( MDA ) production , and obviously elevated the activities of mitochondrial and hepatic superoxidase dismutase ( SOD ) and glutathione peroxidase ( GSH-Px ) . 
Leptin production and proinflammatory cytokines such as TNF-α and IL-6 secretion decreased . 
Taken together , GMP can reduce lipid accumulation and enhance antioxidant capability of obese rats . 
It suggests that GMP can counteract high-fat diet-induced obesity , which might make it a potential ingredient with anti-obesity activity . In preceding studies , we demonstrated that choline carboxylates ChC ( m ) with alkyl chain lengths of m = 12 - 18 are highly water-soluble ( for m = 12 , soluble up to 93 wt % soap and 0 °C ) . 
In addition , choline soaps are featured by an extraordinary lyotropic phase behavior . 
With decreasing water concentration , the following phases were found : micellar phase ( L ( 1 ) ) , discontinuous cubic phase ( I ( 1 ) ' and I ( 1 ) " ) , hexagonal phase ( H ( 1 ) ) , bicontinuous cubic phase ( V ( 1 ) ) , and lamellar phase ( L ( α ) ) . 
The present work is also focused on the lyotropic phase behavior of choline soaps but with shorter alkyl chains or different alkyl chain properties . 
We have investigated the aqueous phase behavior of choline soaps with C ( 8 ) and C ( 10 ) chain-lengths ( choline octanoate and choline decanoate ) and with a C ( 18 ) chain-length with a cis-double bond ( choline oleate ) . 
We found that choline decanoate follows the lyotropic phase behavior of the longer-chain homologues mentioned above . 
Choline octanoate in water shows no discontinuous cubic phases , but an extended , isotropic micellar solution phase . 
In addition , choline octanoate is at the limit between a surfactant and a hydrotrope . 
The double bond in choline oleate leads also to a better solubility in water and a decrease of the solubilization temperature . 
It also influences the Gaussian curvature of the aggregates which results in a loss of discontinuous cubic phases in the binary phase diagram . 
The different lyotropic mesophases were identified by the penetration scan technique with polarizing light microscope and visual observations . 
To clarify the structural behavior small ( SAXS ) and wide ( WAXS ) angle X-ray scattering were performed . 
To further characterize the extended , isotropic micellar solution phase in the binary phase diagram of choline octanoate viscosity and conductivity measurements were also carried out . A novel GIP-oxyntomodulin hybrid peptide acting through GIP , glucagon and GLP-1 receptors exhibits weight reducing and anti-diabetic properties . Transport of gemifloxacin , a 4th generation quinolone antibiotic , in the Caco-2 and engineered MDCKII cells , and potential involvement of efflux transporters in the intestinal absorption of the drug . A base substitution at a splice site in the COL3A1 gene causes exon skipping and generates abnormal type III procollagen in a patient with Ehlers-Danlos syndrome type IV . AKT signalling and mitochondrial pathways are involved in mushroom polysaccharide-induced apoptosis and G1 or S phase arrest in human hepatoma cells . Specific uptake of folate-decorated triamcinolone-encapsulating nanoparticles by retinal pigment epithelium cells enhances and prolongs antiangiogenic activity . Originally identified as an innate cytotoxin , nitric oxide ( ( · ) NO ) formation in tumors can influence chemotherapy and exacerbate cancer progression . 
Here , we examined the hypothesis that ( · ) NO generation contributes to cancer cell drug resistance toward the widely used anticancer drug Etoposide ( VP-16 ) . 
The UV-vis spectrum of VP-16 was not changed by exposure of VP-16 to ( · ) NO in aqueous buffer . 
In contrast , reddish-orange compound ( s ) characteristic of o-quinone- and nitroso-VP-16 were readily generated in a hydrophobic medium ( chloroform ) in an oxygen-dependent manner . 
Similar products were also formed when the VP-16 radical , generated from VP-16 and horseradish peroxidase / H2O2 , was exposed directly to ( · ) NO in chloroform in the presence of oxygen . 
Separation and spectral analysis of VP-16 reaction extracts by electron spin resonance and UV-vis indicated the generation of the phenoxy radical and the o-quinone of VP-16 , as well as putative nitroxide , iminoxyl , and other nitrogen oxide intermediates . 
Nitric oxide products of VP-16 displayed significantly diminished topoisomerase II-dependent cleavage of DNA and cytotoxicity to human HL-60 leukemia cells . 
LPS-mediated induction of nitric oxide synthase in murine macrophages resulted in VP-16 resistance compared to Raw cells . 
Furthermore , ( · ) NO products derived from iNOS rapidly reacted with VP-16 leading to decreased DNA damage and cytotoxicity . 
Together , these observations suggest that the formation of ( · ) NO in tumors ( associated macrophages ) can contribute to VP-16 resistance via the detoxification of VP-16 . Puerarin stimulates proliferation and differentiation and protects against cell death in human osteoblastic MG-63 cells via ER-dependent MEK / ERK and PI3K / Akt activation . Effects of sinensetin on lipid metabolism in mature 3T3-L1 adipocytes . Due to the increased prevalence of bacterial strains that are resistant to existing antibiotics , there is an urgent need for new antibacterial strategies . 
Bacterial glycans are an attractive target for new treatments , as they are frequently linked to pathogenesis and contain distinctive structures that are absent in humans . 
We set out to develop a novel targeting strategy based on surface glycans present on the gastric pathogen Helicobacter pylori ( Hp ) . 
In this study , metabolic labeling of bacterial glycans with an azide-containing sugar allowed selective delivery of immune stimulants to azide-covered Hp . 
We established that Hp's surface glycans are labeled by treatment with the metabolic substrate peracetylated N-azidoacetylglucosamine ( Ac4 GlcNAz ) . 
By contrast , mammalian cells treated with Ac4 GlcNAz exhibited no incorporation of the chemical label within extracellular glycans . 
We further demonstrated that the Staudinger ligation between azides and phosphines proceeds under acidic conditions with only a small loss of efficiency . 
We then targeted azide-covered Hp with phosphines conjugated to the immune stimulant 2 , 4-dinitrophenyl ( DNP ) , a compound capable of directing a host immune response against these cells . 
Finally , we report that immune effector cells catalyze selective damage in vitro to DNP-covered Hp in the presence of anti-DNP antibodies . 
The technology reported herein represents a novel strategy to target Hp based on its glycans . Orexin-A suppresses postischemic glucose intolerance and neuronal damage through hypothalamic brain-derived neurotrophic factor . A novel class of 3- ( phenoxy-phenyl-methyl ) -pyrrolidines as potent and balanced norepinephrine and serotonin reuptake inhibitors : synthesis and structure-activity relationships . PGC-1α improves glucose homeostasis in skeletal muscle in an activity-dependent manner . Sorafenib . We study the effect of nuclear motions at different temperatures , including the effect of a dye molecule's orientation with respect to the oxide surface , on factors determining the performance of dye sensitized solar cells : light absorption , electron injection , and back-donation . 
We perform ab initio molecular dynamics simulations of aminophenyl acid dyes NK1 and NK7 , differing by the electron donating group , in a vacuum and adsorbed in mono- and bi-dentate modes on a dry and a water-covered anatase ( 101 ) surface of TiO ( 2 ) , at 300 and 350 K . 
Nuclear vibrations and an increase of temperature cause a red shift in the absorption spectra of free dyes . 
This effect is preserved in dyes on dry TiO ( 2 ) but largely disappears in the presence of water . 
Averaged over nuclear vibrations , the driving force to injection , ΔG , differs from the static estimate . 
It depends on the adsorption mode and the presence of H ( 2 ) O but is almost the same for 300 and 350 K . 
Recombination to the dye cation is expected to be much enhanced by the approach of the dye oxidation equivalent hole to the surface during dye wagging around TiO ( 2 ) . 
This effect is somewhat mitigated by the co-adsorbed water . 
The dynamics of ΔG ( t ) are explained by uncorrelated evolution of the energies of the dye excited state and the conduction band minimum of the oxide due to their respective vibrations , and are almost independent of dye orientation . 
It may therefore be possible to independently control the conditions of recombination and of injection . The present study examined the effect of insulin-mediated activation of the mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1 ( MTORC1 ) signaling network on the proliferation of primary culture of theca-interstitial ( T-I ) cells . 
Our results show that insulin treatment increased proliferation of the T-I cells through the MTORC1-dependent signaling pathway by increasing cell cycle regulatory proteins . 
Inhibition of ERK1 / 2 signaling caused partial reduction of insulin-induced phosphorylation of RPS6KB1 and RPS6 whereas inhibition of PI3-kinase signaling completely blocked the insulin response . 
Pharmacological inhibition of MTORC1 with rapamycin abrogated the insulin-induced phosphorylation of EIF4EBP1 , RPS6KB1 and its downstream effector , RPS6 . 
These results were further confirmed by demonstrating that knockdown of Mtor using siRNA reduced the insulin-stimulated MTORC1 signaling . 
Furthermore , insulin-stimulated T-I cell proliferation and the expression of cell cycle regulatory proteins CDK4 , CCND3 and PCNA were also blocked by rapamycin . 
Taken together , the present studies show that insulin stimulates cell proliferation and cell cycle regulatory proteins in T-I cells via activation of the MTORC1 signaling pathway . Phospholipase D ( PLD ) catalyzes the hydrolysis of the phosphodiester bond of glycerophospholipid phosphatidylcholine to generate phosphatidic acid ( PA ) and choline . 
Phosphatidic acid is widely considered to be the intracellular lipid mediator of many biological functions . 
PA is a precursor of many other bioactive lipids , including diacylglycerol ( DAG ) and lysophosphatidic acid ( LPA ) . 
Phospholipase D activities have been described in multiple organisms , including bacteria , yeast , plants , and mammals . 
In mammalian cells , PLD ( PLD1 and PLD2 isoenzymes ) has been implicated in intracellular signal transduction , vesicle transport , endocytosis , exocytosis , cell migration , mitosis , and cytoskeletal reorganization . 
Mammalian phospholipase D is regulated by many factors , including phosphatidylinositol-4 , 5-bisphosphate ( PIP2 ) , protein kinase C ( PKC ) , and small G-proteins of the Rho , Ral , and ARF families . 
In this review we discuss the relationships of PLD1 and PLD2 , their structure , biological function , and implications in pathological states . Hepatic disorders in patients treated with COX-2 selective inhibitors or nonselective NSAIDs : a case / noncase analysis of spontaneous reports . Caffeine exposure sensitizes tumor cells to ionizing radiation and other genotoxic agents . 
The radiosensitizing effects of caffeine are associated with the disruption of multiple DNA damage-responsive cell cycle checkpoints . 
The similarity of these checkpoint defects to those seen in ataxia-telangiectasia ( A-T ) suggested that caffeine might inhibit one or more components in an A-T mutated ( ATM ) -dependent checkpoint pathway in DNA-damaged cells . 
We now show that caffeine inhibits the catalytic activity of both ATM and the related kinase , ATM and Rad3-related ( ATR ) , at drug concentrations similar to those that induce radiosensitization . 
Moreover , like ATM-deficient cells , caffeine-treated A549 lung carcinoma cells irradiated in G2 fail to arrest progression into mitosis , and S-phase-irradiated cells exhibit radioresistant DNA synthesis . 
Similar concentrations of caffeine also inhibit gamma- and UV radiation-induced phosphorylation of p53 on Ser15 , a modification that may be directly mediated by the ATM and ATR kinases . 
DNA-dependent protein kinase , another ATM-related protein involved in DNA damage repair , was resistant to the inhibitory effects of caffeine . 
Likewise , the catalytic activity of the G2 checkpoint kinase , hChk1 , was only marginally suppressed by caffeine but was inhibited potently by the structurally distinct radiosensitizer , UCN-01 . 
These data suggest that the radiosensitizing effects of caffeine are related to inhibition of the protein kinase activities of ATM and ATR and that both proteins are relevant targets for the development of novel anticancer agents . A series of aminopropylindenes , designed as mimics of a cationic high energy intermediate in the oxidosqualene cyclase ( 1 ) ( OSC ) -mediated cyclization of 2 , 3-oxidosqualen to lanosterol was prepared from Grundmann's ketone . 
Screening on OSCs from five different organisms revealed interesting activities and selectivities of some of the compounds . 
A N , N-dimethylaminopropyl derivative showed promising inhibition of Trypanosoma cruzi OSC in combination with low cytotoxicity , and showed significant reduction of cholesterol biosynthesis in a human cell line . BACKGROUND : Glutathione S-transferases ( GSTs ) are involved in the detoxification of xenobiotics by conjugation with glutathione . 
One of the mu class genes of this superfamily of enzymes , GSTM1 , is polymorphic because of a partial gene deletion . 
This results in a failure to express GSTM1 in approximately 50% of individuals . 
Several studies have linked GSTM1 null status to an increased risk of lung carcinoma . 
This study investigated the expression and distribution of GST isoenzymes in human lung , and developed a polymerase chain reaction ( PCR ) assay which would allow genotyping of archival , paraffin embedded lung tissue . 
METHODS : Distribution was examined using a panel of polyclonal anti-GST antibodies for immunohistochemistry in normal tissue of 21 tumour-bearing lungs . 
DNA for PCR was extracted from paraffin blocks and a control group of 350 blood lysates . 
As a positive control each assay amplified part of GSTM4 , a mu class gene which is not polymorphic but which shows strong sequence homology to GSTM1 . 
The presence of GST in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid was sought by Western analysis . 
RESULTS : Proximal airways contained pi class GST , alpha class GST , and mu class GST with expression concentrated in the brush border . 
In distal airspaces no alpha GST was expressed but pi GST and mu GST were present in alveolar cells and also alveolar macrophages . 
Pi class GST was present in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid . 
The PCR assay enabled genotypic determination using DNA extracted from archival material . 
Of the control group 56% were null at the GSTM1 locus . 
CONCLUSIONS : The distribution of GST isoenzymes in the lung is heterogeneous with an apparent decrease in GST in distal lung . 
Since GSTM1 status has already been associated with susceptibility to disease , the PCR assay developed will allow further studies of the relation between genotype and structural disorders in the lung using archival pathological material . A novel clinical entity characterized by ST segment elevation in right precordial leads ( V1 to V3 ) , incomplete or complete right bundle branch block , and susceptibility to ventricular tachyarrhythmia and sudden cardiac death has been described by Brugada et al . 
in 1992 . 
This disease is now frequently called "Brugada syndrome" ( BrS ) . 
The prevalence of BrS in the general population is unknown . 
The suggested prevalence ranges from 5 / 1 , 000 ( Caucasians ) to 14 / 1 , 000 ( Japanese ) . 
Syncope , typically occurring at rest or during sleep ( in individuals in their third or fourth decades of life ) is a common presentation of BrS . 
In some cases , tachycardia does not terminate spontaneously and it may degenerate into ventricular fibrillation and lead to sudden death . 
Both sporadic and familial cases have been reported and pedigree analysis suggests an autosomal dominant pattern of inheritance . 
In approximately 20% of the cases BrS is caused by mutations in the SCN5A gene on chromosome 3p21-23 , encoding the cardiac sodium channel , a protein involved in the control of myocardial excitability . 
Since the use of the implantable cardioverter defibrillator ( ICD ) is the only therapeutic option of proven efficacy for primary and secondary prophylaxis of cardiac arrest , the identification of high-risk subjects is one of the major goals in the clinical decision-making process . 
Quinidine may be regarded as an adjunctive therapy for patients at higher risk and may reduce the number of cases of ICD shock in patients with multiple recurrences . Cobalamin-dependent methionine synthase catalyzes the transfer of a methyl group from methyltetrahydrofolate to homocysteine , forming tetrahydrofolate and methionine . 
The Escherichia coli enzyme , like its mammalian homologue , is occasionally inactivated by oxidation of the cofactor to cob ( II ) alamin . 
To return to the catalytic cycle , the cob ( II ) alamin forms of both the bacterial and mammalian enzymes must be reductively remethylated . 
Reduced flavodoxin donates an electron for this reaction in E . 
coli , and S-adenosylmethionine serves as the methyl donor . 
In humans , the electron is thought to be provided by methionine synthase reductase , a protein containing a domain with a significant degree of homology to flavodoxin . 
Because of this homology , studies of the interactions between E . 
coli flavodoxin and methionine synthase provide a model for the mammalian system . 
To characterize the binding interface between E . 
coli flavodoxin and methionine synthase , we have employed site-directed mutagenesis and chemical cross-linking using carbodiimide and N-hydroxysuccinimide . 
Glutamate 61 of flavodoxin is identified as a cross-linked residue , and lysine 959 of the C-terminal activation domain of methionine synthase is assigned as its partner . 
The mutation of lysine 959 to threonine results in a diminished level of cross-linking , but has only a small effect on the affinity of methionine synthase for flavodoxin . 
Identification of these cross-linked residues provides evidence in support of a docking model that will be useful in predicting the effects of mutations observed in mammalian homologues of E . 
coli flavodoxin and methionine synthase . Detection of Statin Cytotoxicity Is Increased in Cells Expressing the OATP1B1 Transporter . Scaffold of the cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) inhibitor carprofen provides Alzheimer gamma-secretase modulators . Avermectin ( AVM ) is a macrocyclic lactone agent widely used as a nematicide , acaricide and insecticide in veterinary medicine and plant protection . 
P-glycoprotein ( P-gp ) is an ATP-dependent drug efflux pump for xenobiotic compounds , and is involved in multidrug resistance . 
To understand the development of AVM resistance in invertebrates , we investigated the mechanisms by which AVM affected P-gp expression in Drosophila S2 cells . 
We found that AVM induced upregulation of P-gp protein expression , increased P-gp ATPase activity and enhanced cellular efflux of the P-gp substrate rhodamine 123 from cells . 
Furthermore , we observed that AVM-induced expression of P-gp was due to elevation of intracellular calcium concentration ( [ Ca ( 2 + ) ] i ) . 
This occurred both directly , by activating calcium ion channels , and indirectly , by activating chloride ion channels . 
These results are supported by our observations that verapamil , a Ca ( 2 + ) channel blocker , and niflumic acid , a chloride channel antagonist , significantly attenuated AVM-induced [ Ca ( 2 + ) ] i elevation , thereby reducing P-gp expression . 
Inhibition of P-gp with anti-P-gp antibody or cyclosporine A ( a P-gp inhibitor ) reduced the AVM-induced elevation of [ Ca ( 2 + ) ] i , implying that P-gp and [ Ca ( 2 + ) ] i regulate each other . 
Finally , we found that trifluoperazine , a calmodulin inhibitor , and pyrrolidine dithiocarbamic acid , an NF-κB inhibitor , attenuated the AVM-induced expression of P-gp , suggesting that AVM induces P-gp protein expression via the calmodulin / Relish ( NF-κB ) signaling pathway . Age-dependent changes of pyridoxal phosphate synthesizing enzymes immunoreactivities and activities in the gerbil hippocampal CA1 region . Bacteriophages as templates for manufacturing supramolecular structures . H ( 2 ) S functions as a neuromodulator and exerts anti-inflammatory activities . 
Recent data indicate that irritable bowel syndrome ( IBS ) is linked to inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract . 
In this study , we have investigated the role of a novel H ( 2 ) S-releasing derivative of mesalamine ( 5-amino-2-hydroxybenzoic acid 4- ( 5-thioxo-5H- [ 1 , 2 ] dithiol-3yl ) -phenyl ester , ATB-429 ) in modulating nociception to colorectal distension ( CRD ) , a model that mimics some features of IBS , in healthy and postcolitic rats . 
Four graded ( 0 . 4-1 . 6 ml of water ) CRDs were produced in conscious rats , and colorectal sensitivity and pain were assessed by measuring the abdominal withdrawal response and spinal c-Fos expression . 
In healthy rats , ATB-429 dose dependently ( 25 , 50 , or 100 mg / kg ) attenuated CRD-induced hypersensitivity and significantly inhibited CRD-induced overexpression of spinal c-FOS mRNA , whereas mesalamine had no effect . 
ATB-429-induced antinociception was reversed by glibenclamide , a ATP-sensitive K ( + ) ( K ( ATP ) ) channel inhibitor . 
The antinociceptive effect of ATB-429 was maintained in a rodent model of postinflammatory hypersensitivity ( 4 weeks after colitis induction ) . 
At a dose of 100 mg / kg , ATB-429 reversed the allodynic response caused by CRD in postcolitic rats . 
Colonic cyclooxygenase-2 and interkeukin-1beta mRNA and spinal c-FOS mRNA expression were significantly down-regulated by ATB-429 , but not by mesalamine . 
ATB-429 , but not mesalamine , increased blood concentrations of H ( 2 ) S in both healthy and postcolitic rats . 
Taken together , these data suggest that ATB-429 inhibits hypersensitivity induced by CRD in both healthy and postcolitic , allodynic rats by a K ( ATP ) channel-mediated mechanism . 
This study provides evidence that H ( 2 ) S-releasing drugs might have beneficial effects in the treatment of painful intestinal disorders . The neuronal glutamate transporter EAAC1 contains several conserved acidic amino acids in its transmembrane domain , which are possibly important in catalyzing transport and / or binding of co / countertransported cations . 
Here , we have studied the effects of neutralization by site-directed mutagenesis of three of these amino acid side chains , glutamate 373 , aspartate 439 , and aspartate 454 , on the functional properties of the transporter . 
Transport was analyzed by whole-cell current recording from EAAC1-expressing mammalian cells after applying jumps in voltage , substrate , or cation concentration . 
Neutralization mutations in positions 373 and 454 , although eliminating steady-state glutamate transport , have little effect on the kinetics and thermodynamics of Na ( + ) and glutamate binding , suggesting that these two positions do not constitute the sites of Na ( + ) and glutamate association with EAAC1 . 
In contrast , the D439N mutation resulted in an approximately 10-fold decrease of apparent affinity of the glutamate-bound transporter form for Na ( + ) , and an approximately 2 , 000-fold reduction in the rate of Na ( + ) binding , whereas the kinetics and thermodynamics of Na ( + ) binding to the glutamate-free transporter were almost unchanged compared to EAAC1 ( WT ) . 
Furthermore , the D439N mutation converted l-glutamate , THA , and PDC , which are activating substrates for the wild-type anion conductance , but not l-aspartate , into transient inhibitors of the EAAC1 ( D439 ) anion conductance . 
Activation of the anion conductance by l-glutamate was biphasic , allowing us to directly analyze binding of two of the three cotransported Na ( + ) ions as a function of time and [ Na ( + ) ] . 
The data can be explained with a model in which the D439N mutation results in a dramatic slowing of Na ( + ) binding and a reduced affinity of the substrate-bound EAAC1 for Na ( + ) . 
We propose that the bound substrate controls the rate and the extent of Na ( + ) interaction with the transporter , depending on the amino acid side chain in position 439 . Inhibition of caspase-1 / interleukin-1beta signaling prevents degeneration of retinal capillaries in diabetes and galactosemia . Pharmacological characterization of an alpha 1A-adrenoceptor mediating contractile responses to noradrenaline in isolated caudal artery of rat . Measurement of plasminogen activator system components in plasma and tumor tissue extracts obtained from patients with breast cancer : an EORTC Receptor and Biomarker Group collaboration . Bone is a highly metabolically active tissue and its formation and resorption is at the base of bone remodelling . 
The critical importance of a balanced bone remodelling is demonstrated by human diseases , i . 
e . 
osteoporosis , in which a net increase in bone resorption is responsible of skeleton weakening and fracture risk . 
Oestrogens display anti-resorptive properties on bone metabolism . 
Indeed , the so-called post-menopausal osteoporosis occurs after interruption of gonad function and benefits from hormonal replacement treatment . 
Recently , an important role for the endocannabinoid system in the regulation of skeletal remodelling in human has also been shown . 
In particular , we showed that CB2 stimulation is able to reduce the number of human OCs in vitro . 
Here , we provide unprecedented evidence that 17-β-oestradiol administration inhibits activity and formation of human OCs in vitro , demonstrating that oestrogens are able to induce an increase of CB2 expression probably through the recruitment of a putative oestrogens responsive element in the CB2 encoding for gene . Short-term heating reduces the anti-inflammatory effects of fresh raw garlic extracts on the LPS-induced production of NO and pro-inflammatory cytokines by downregulating allicin activity in RAW 264 . 7 macrophages . Combination of essential oils and antibiotics reduce antibiotic resistance in plasmid-conferred multidrug resistant bacteria . Transport of pharmacologically active proline derivatives by the human proton-coupled amino acid transporter hPAT1 . Hyperhomocyst ( e ) inemia is a metabolic derangement that is linked to the distribution of folate pools , which provide one-carbon units for biosynthesis of purines and thymidylate and for remethylation of homocysteine to form methionine . 
In humans , methionine synthase deficiency results in the accumulation of methyltetrahydrofolate at the expense of folate derivatives required for purine and thymidylate biosynthesis . 
Complete ablation of methionine synthase activity in mice results in embryonic lethality . 
Other mouse models for hyperhomocyst ( e ) inemia have normal or reduced levels of methyltetrahydrofolate and are not embryonic lethal , although they have decreased ratios of AdoMet / AdoHcy and impaired methylation . 
We have constructed a mouse model with a gene trap insertion in the Mtrr gene specifying methionine synthase reductase , an enzyme essential for the activity of methionine synthase . 
This model is a hypomorph , with reduced methionine synthase reductase activity , thus avoiding the lethality associated with the absence of methionine synthase activity . 
Mtrr ( gt / gt ) mice have increased plasma homocyst ( e ) ine , decreased plasma methionine , and increased tissue methyltetrahydrofolate . 
Unexpectedly , Mtrr ( gt / gt ) mice do not show decreases in the AdoMet / AdoHcy ratio in most tissues . 
The different metabolite profiles in the various genetic mouse models for hyperhomocyst ( e ) inemia may be useful in understanding biological effects of elevated homocyst ( e ) ine . BACKGROUND : Worldwide , cancer in the esophagus ranks among the 10 most common cancers . 
Alterations of retinoic acid receptors ( e . 
g . 
RARalpha , beta , gamma , and RXRalpha , beta , gamma ) expression is considered to play an important role in development of squamous-cell carcinoma ( SCC ) , which is the most common esophageal cancer . 
Alcohol consumption and smoking , which can alter retinoic acid receptor levels , have been identified as key risk factors in the development of carcinoma in the aero-digestive tract . 
Therefore , the aim of the present study was to evaluate protein levels of retinoic acid receptors ( i . 
e . 
RARalpha , beta , gamma , and RXRbeta ) in esophageal SCC and surrounding normal tissue of patients with untreated SCC and controls . 
METHODS : All study participants completed a questionnaire concerning smoking and alcohol drinking habits as well as anthropometrical parameters . 
Protein levels of RARalpha , beta , gamma , and RXRbeta were determined by Western Blot in normal esophageal tissue and tissue obtained from SCC of 21 patients with newly diagnosed esophageal SCC and normal esophageal tissue of 10 controls . 
RESULTS : Protein levels of RARgamma were significantly lower by approximately 68% in SCC compared to normal surrounding tissue in patients with SCC that smoked and / or consumed elevated amounts of alcohol . 
Furthermore , RARalpha protein levels were significantly lower ( approximately- 45% ) in SCC in comparison to normal esophageal mucosa in patients with elevated alcohol intake . 
When comparing protein levels of retinoic acid receptors between normal tissue of patients with SCC and controls , RARgamma protein levels were found to be significantly higher ( approximately 2 . 7-fold ) in normal esophageal tissue of SCC patients than in esophageal tissue obtained from controls . 
No differences were found for RARalpha , beta , and RXRbeta protein levels between normal esophageal tissue of patients and that of controls . 
CONCLUSION : In conclusion , results of the present study suggest that alterations of retinoic acid receptors protein may contribute in the development of SCC in esophagus and that in some patients life style ( e . 
g . 
smoking and alcohol consumption ) may be a critical component in the alteration of retinoic acid receptor levels in esophagus . Physicochemical parameters that influence carotenoids bioaccessibility from a tomato juice . Ischemic heart diseases caused by insufficient oxygen supply to the cardiac muscle require pharmaceutical agents for the prevention of the progress and recurrence . 
Metallothionein ( MT ) has a potential as a protein therapeutic for the treatment of this disease due to its anti-oxidative effects under stressful conditions . 
In spite of its therapeutic potential , efficient delivery systems need to be developed to overcome limitations such as low transduction efficiency , instability and short half-life in the body . 
To enhance intra-cellular transduction efficiency , Tat sequence as a protein transduction domain ( PTD ) was fused with MT in a recombinant method . 
Anti-apoptotic and anti-oxidative effects of Tat-MT fusion protein were evaluated under hyperglycemia and hypoxia stress conditions in cultured H9c2 cells . 
Recovery of cardiac functions by anti-apoptotic and anti-fibrotic effects of Tat-MT was confirmed in an ischemia / reperfusion ( I / R ) rat myocardial infarction model . 
Tat-MT fusion protein effectively protected H9c2 cells under stressful conditions by reducing intracellular ROS production and inhibiting caspase-3 activation . 
Tat-MT fusion protein inhibited apoptosis , reduced fibrosis area and enhanced cardiac functions in I / R . 
Tat-MT fusion protein could be a promising therapeutic for the treatment of ischemic heart diseases . Localization of retinaldehyde dehydrogenases and retinoid binding proteins to sustentacular cells , glia , Bowman's gland cells , and stroma : potential sites of retinoic acid synthesis in the postnatal rat olfactory organ . Synthesis and in vitro pharmacology at AMPA and kainate preferring glutamate receptors of 4-heteroarylmethylidene glutamate analogues . Effects of candesartan and cilazapril on rats with myocardial infarction assessed by echocardiography . We studied the stereoselective interaction between aryloxypropanolamines and the human 5-hydroxytryptamine1A ( 5-HT1A ) receptor . 
R- and S-enantiomers of propranolol , penbutolol , and alprenolol were investigated for their ability to bind to human 5-HT1A wild-type and Asn386Val mutant receptors . 
Asn386 seemed to act as a chiral discriminator . 
Although both aryloxypropanol enantiomers displayed lower affinity for the mutant receptors , the affinities for the S-enantiomers were more affected . 
Receptor affinities of other structurally unrelated 5-HT1A ligands were not decreased by the mutation of Asn386 to valine . 
In addition , a series of analogues of propranolol with structural variation in the oxypropanolamine moiety was synthesized , and affinities for wild-type and Asn386Val mutant 5-HT1A receptors were determined . 
Both the hydroxyl and the ether oxygen atoms of the oxypropanol moiety seem to be required for binding at wild-type 5-HT1A receptors . 
The hydroxyl group of propranolol probably directly interacts with Asn386 . 
The ether oxygen atom may be important for steric reasons but can also be involved in a direct interaction with Asn386 . 
These findings are in agreement with the interactions of aryloxypropanolamines with Asn386 in rat 5-HT1A receptors that we previously proposed . 
The loss of affinity for propranolol by the Asn386Val mutation could be regained by replacement of the hydroxyl group of the ligand by a methoxy group . 
This modification of the propranolol structure has no effect on the affinity of both enantiomers for the wild-type 5-HT1A receptor , which provides an alternative hypothesis for the interaction of Asn386 with the oxypropanol oxygen atoms . 
According to this novel hypothesis , the oxypropanol oxygen atoms may both act as hydrogen bond acceptors from the NH2 group of Asn386 . Drosophila GABA-gated chloride channel : modified [ 3H ] EBOB binding site associated with Ala-->Ser or Gly mutants of Rdl subunit . Suramin decreases injury and improves regeneration of ethanol-induced steatotic partial liver grafts . Arformoterol : ( R , R ) -eformoterol , ( R , R ) -formoterol , arformoterol tartrate , eformoterol-sepracor , formoterol-sepracor , R , R-eformoterol , R , R-formoterol . The development of insulin resistance is tightly linked to fatty liver disease and is considered a major health concern worldwide , although their mechanistic relationship remains controversial . 
Activin has emerging roles in nutrient homeostasis but its metabolic effects on hepatocytes remain unknown . 
In this study , we investigated the effects of increased endogenous activin bioactivity on hepatic nutrient homeostasis by creating mice with inactivating mutations that deplete the circulating activin antagonists , follistatin like-3 ( FSTL3 ) or the follistatin 315 isoform ( FST315; FST288-only mice ) . 
We investigated liver histology and lipid content , hepatic insulin sensitivity , and metabolic gene expression including the HepG2 cell and primary hepatocyte response to activin treatment . 
Both FSTL3KO and FST288-only mice had extensive hepatic steatosis and elevated hepatic triglyceride ( TG ) content . 
Unexpectedly , insulin signaling , as assessed by phospho-AKT , was enhanced in both mouse models . 
Pretreatment of HepG2 cells with activin A increased their response to subsequent insulin challenge . 
Gene expression analysis suggests that increased lipid uptake , enhanced de novo lipid synthesis , decreased lipolysis and / or enhanced glucose uptake contribute to increased hepatic TG content in these models . 
However , activin treatment recapitulated only some of these gene changes suggesting that increased activin bioactivity may be only partially responsible for this phenotype . 
Nevertheless , our results indicate that activin enhances hepatocyte insulin response which ultimately leads to hepatic steatosis despite the increased insulin sensitivity . 
Thus , regulation of activin bioactivity is critical for maintaining normal liver lipid homeostasis and response to insulin while activin agonists may be useful for increasing liver insulin sensitivity . A series of anthra [ 1 , 2-d ] imidazole-6 , 11-dione derivatives were synthesized and evaluated for telomerase inhibition , hTERT expression and suppression of cancer cell growth in vitro . 
All of the compounds tested , except for compounds 4 , 7 , 16 , 24 , 27 and 28 were selected by the NCI screening system . 
Among them , compounds 16 , 39 , and 40 repressed hTERT expression without greatly affecting cell growth , suggesting for the selectivity toward hTERT expression . 
Taken together , our findings indicated that the analysis of cytotoxicity and telomerase inhibition might provide information applicable for further developing potential telomerase and polypharmacological targeting strategy . High levels of ephrinB2 over-expression increases the osteogenic differentiation of human mesenchymal stem cells and promotes enhanced cell mediated mineralisation in a polyethyleneimine-ephrinB2 gene-activated matrix . Brain serotonin has been implicated in the pathophysiology of a wide spectrum of psychiatric disorders , as well as in the mechanism of action of psychotropic drugs . 
The aim of present study was to identify rat cytochrome P450 ( CYP ) isoforms which can catalyze the O-demethylation of 5-methoxytryptamine to serotonin , and to find out whether that alternative pathway of serotonin synthesis may take place in the brain . 
The study was conducted on cDNA-expressed CYPs ( rat CYP1A1 / 2 , 2A1 / 2 , 2B1 , 2C6 / 11 / 13 , 2D1 / 2 / 4 / 18 , 2E1 , 3A2 and human CYP2D6 ) , on rat brain and liver microsomes and on human liver microsomes ( the wild-type CYP2D6 or the allelic variant 2D6*4*4 ) . 
Of the rat CYP isoforms studied , CYP2D isoforms were the most efficient in catalyzing the O-demethylation of 5-methoxytryptamine to serotonin , but they were less effective than the human isoform CYP2D6 . 
Microsomes from different brain regions were capable of metabolizing 5-methoxytryptamine to serotonin . 
The reaction was inhibited by the specific CYP2D inhibitors quinine and fluoxetine . 
Human liver microsomes of the wild-type CYP2D6 metabolized 5-methoxytryptamine to serotonin more effectively than did the defective CYP2D6*4*4 ones . 
The obtained results indicate that rat brain CYP2D isoforms catalyze the formation of serotonin from 5-methoxytryptamine , and that the deficit or genetic defect of CYP2D may affect serotonin metabolism in the brain . 
The results are discussed in the context of their possible physiological and pharmacological significance in vivo . Structural optimization of 2 , 5-thiophene amides as highly potent and selective 17β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 2 inhibitors for the treatment of osteoporosis . A systematic comparison of the properties of clinically used angiotensin II type 1 receptor antagonists . K203 is an experimental bis-pyridinium mono-aldoxime type cholinesterase reactivator of potential use in organophosphate / organophosphonate poisoning . 
Pharmacokinetics of K203 were examined in Wistar rats and beagle dogs using ion-pair HPLC . 
Serum and cerebrospinal fluid concentrations of K203 were determined using ion-pair reversedphase chromatography on octadecyl silica column . 
HPLC with ultraviolet detection was used for determination of serum concentration of K203 higher than 0 . 1 μg / mL while its low concentrations in cerebrospinal fluid required electrochemical detection ( 0 . 015 through 4 μg / mL range ) . 
In rats the serum levels of K203 followed zero order pharmacokinetics from 15 to 120 minutes post administration . 
Zero order pharmacokinetics was also observed in beagle dogs after low dose ( 15 μmol / kg ) of K203 administration . 
High dose administration ( 250 μmol / kg ) led to subsequent hindered elimination from both cerebrospinal fluid and serum . PGE ( 1 ) stimulation of HEK293 cells generates multiple contiguous domains with different [ cAMP ] : role of compartmentalized phosphodiesterases . Mutational tail loss is an evolutionary mechanism for liberating marapsins and other type I serine proteases from transmembrane anchors . This study aimed to assess whether maifanite can improve the learning and memory , and antioxidant abilities of Alzheimer's disease ( AD ) rats . 
The 70 rats were divided into seven groups : [ A ] normal control group , [ B ] AD model group , [ C ] sham group , [ D ] positive control group ( donepezil ) , [ E ] low-dose maifanite group , [ F ] middle-dose maifanite group , [ G ] high-dose maifanite group . 
For [ B ] , [ D ] , [ E ] , [ F ] , and [ G ] groups , Aβ ( 25-35 ) ventricle injection was carried out , then respective medicine were administered once a day for 60 consecutive days . 
The step-down and step-through test were used to measure learning and memory ability . 
The hippocampus levels of superoxide dismutase ( SOD ) , glutathione peroxidase ( GSH-Px ) , and malondialdehyde ( MDA ) were assayed . 
The hippocampus contents of Al , Fe , Cu , Zn , Se , and Mn were analyzed by inductively coupled plasma-atomic emission spectrometer . 
Maifanite decreased the acquisition errors and the retention errors while prolonging the step-down latency , and decreased the number of electric shocks while prolonging the first latency of AD rats . 
Aβ ( 25-35 ) ventricle injection initiated the decrease of SOD and GSH-Px activities and the increase of MDA content , and triggered the rise of Al , Fe , and Cu levels and the decline of Mn , Zn , and Se levels . 
The SOD and GSH-Px activities were enhanced followed by reduced MDA level , and the levels of Mn , Zn , and Se increased accompanied by Al , Fe , and Cu decreased in the maifanite treat groups . 
Maifanite could improve the learning and memory , and the antioxidant abilities of AD rats . 
Maifanite had the potential prevention and treatment for AD . A new program , PHI , with the ability to calculate the magnetic properties of large spin systems and complex orbitally degenerate systems , such as clusters of d-block and f-block ions , is presented . 
The program can intuitively fit experimental data from multiple sources , such as magnetic and spectroscopic data , simultaneously . 
PHI is extensively parallelized and can operate under the symmetric multiprocessing , single process multiple data , or GPU paradigms using a threaded , MPI or GPU model , respectively . 
For a given problem PHI is been shown to be almost 12 times faster than the well-known program MAGPACK , limited only by available hardware . 
© 2013 Wiley Periodicals , Inc . Different functional roles of T1R subunits in the heteromeric taste receptors . [ Treatment of androgen-independent hormone refractory prostate cancer using docetaxel ] . Fish oils ( FOs ) have anti-inflammatory effects and lower serum triglycerides . 
This study examined adipose and muscle inflammatory markers after treatment of humans with FOs and measured the effects of ω-3 fatty acids on adipocytes and macrophages in vitro . 
Insulin-resistant , nondiabetic subjects were treated with Omega-3-Acid Ethyl Esters ( 4 g / day ) or placebo for 12 weeks . 
Plasma macrophage chemoattractant protein 1 ( MCP-1 ) levels were reduced by FO , but the levels of other cytokines were unchanged . 
The adipose ( but not muscle ) of FO-treated subjects demonstrated a decrease in macrophages , a decrease in MCP-1 , and an increase in capillaries , and subjects with the most macrophages demonstrated the greatest response to treatment . 
Adipose and muscle ω-3 fatty acid content increased after treatment; however , there was no change in insulin sensitivity or adiponectin . 
In vitro , M1-polarized macrophages expressed high levels of MCP-1 . 
The addition of ω-3 fatty acids reduced MCP-1 expression with no effect on TNF-α . 
In addition , ω-3 fatty acids suppressed the upregulation of adipocyte MCP-1 that occurred when adipocytes were cocultured with macrophages . 
Thus , FO reduced adipose macrophages , increased capillaries , and reduced MCP-1 expression in insulin-resistant humans and in macrophages and adipocytes in vitro; however , there was no measureable effect on insulin sensitivity . Identification of a vitamin K-dependent carboxylase in the venom duct of a Conus snail . PURPOSE : The aim of this study was to evaluate the association of PON1 genetic variants with the susceptibility to coronary artery disease ( CAD ) and with the clinical endpoints in aspirin and clopidogrel ( dual antiplatelet therapy ) -treated Han Chinese patients with CAD after percutaneous coronary intervention ( PCI ) . 
METHODS : A total of 538 Han Chinese patients undergoing PCI and receiving dual-antiplatelet therapy were sequentially recruited to the study and followed for up to 1 year . 
Healthy controls ( n = 539 ) were enrolled during the same period . 
All study participants were genotyped for five genetic variants in PON1 and the cytochrome P450 2C19*2 mutation ( CYP2C19*2 ) . 
The effect of genetic variants on disease risk and clinical outcome of major adverse cardiac events ( MACE ) within 1 year or bleeding within 6 months was assessed . 
RESULTS : CYP2C19*2 was associated with a higher risk of MACE ( adjusted P = 0 . 0098 ) , but a lower risk of bleeding events ( adjusted P = 0 . 0016 ) . 
The PON1 Q192R polymorphism was significantly associated with a lower risk of bleeding events [ odds ratio ( OR ) 0 . 61 , 95% confidence interval ( CI ) 0 . 43-0 . 87 , adjusted P = 0 . 0066 ) . 
The haplotype bearing the PON1 -126C allele was associated with a higher risk to CAD ( OR 1 . 48 , 95% CI 1 . 04-2 . 09 , P = 0 . 029 ) and a higher risk of bleeding events ( OR 1 . 68 , 95% CI 1 . 10-2 . 56 , P = 0 . 017 ) compared to the most frequent haplotype . 
The transcription activity of haplotype p-162A-126C-108C in the PON1 promoter was 2 . 6-fold higher than that of the most frequent haplotype ( p-162G-126G-108T ) . 
CONCLUSIONS : Based on these results , we suggest that the haplotype-bearing PON1 -126C allele contributes to the disease risk and the risk of bleeding events in dual antiplatelet-treated CAD patients after PCI . Angiotensin- ( 1-7 ) inhibits autophagy in the brain of spontaneously hypertensive rats . Pre- or post-training injection of buspirone impaired retention in the inhibitory avoidance task : involvement of amygdala 5-HT1A receptors . Strong decrease in biotin content may correlate with metabolic alterations in colorectal adenocarcinoma . Severe burn injury causes hepatic dysfunction that results in major metabolic derangements including insulin resistance and hyperglycemia and is associated with hepatic endoplasmic reticulum ( ER ) stress . 
We have recently shown that insulin reduces ER stress and improves liver function and morphology; however , it is not clear whether these changes are directly insulin mediated or are due to glucose alterations . 
Metformin is an antidiabetic agent that decreases hyperglycemia by different pathways than insulin; therefore , we asked whether metformin affects postburn ER stress and hepatic metabolism . 
The aim of the present study is to determine the effects of metformin on postburn hepatic ER stress and metabolic markers . 
Male rats were randomized to sham , burn injury and burn injury plus metformin and were sacrificed at various time points . 
Outcomes measured were hepatic damage , function , metabolism and ER stress . 
Burn-induced decrease in albumin mRNA and increase in alanine transaminase ( p < 0 . 01 versus sham ) were not normalized by metformin treatment . 
In addition , ER stress markers were similarly increased in burn injury with or without metformin compared with sham ( p < 0 . 05 ) . 
We also found that gluconeogenesis and fatty acid metabolism gene expressions were upregulated with or without metformin compared with sham ( p < 0 . 05 ) . 
Our results indicate that , whereas thermal injury results in hepatic ER stress , metformin does not ameliorate postburn stress responses by correcting hepatic ER stress . The cDNA encoding PH-20 hyaluronidase from human sperm has been mutated at five positions by in vitro mutagenesis . 
We have changed three acidic amino acids and two arginine residues that are conserved in the sequence of mammalian PH-20 polypeptides as well as in the hyaluronidases from bee and hornet venom . 
Of the former , the mutants [ Gln113 ] PH-20 and [ Gln249 ] PH-20 had no detectable enzymatic activity; the mutant [ Asn111 ] PH-20 had about 3% activity . 
The mutant [ Thr252 ] PH-20 was also inactive , while [ Gly176 ] PH-20 had only about 1% activity . 
This indicates that the PH-20 hyaluronidases , like numerous enzymes that hydrolyze glycosidic bonds , have acidic amino acids in their active site . 
Moreover , for the binding of the substrate , the polyanion hyaluronan , arginine residues appear to be essential . BACKGROUND : We have recently shown that genetic inactivation of phosphoinositide 3-kinase gamma ( PI3Kgamma ) , the isoform linked to G-protein-coupled receptors , results in increased cardiac contractility with no effect on basal cell size . 
Signaling via the G-protein-coupled beta-adrenergic receptors has been implicated in cardiac hypertrophy and heart failure , suggesting that PI3Kgamma might play a role in the pathogenesis of heart disease . 
METHODS AND RESULTS : To determine the role for PI3Kgamma in hypertrophy induced by G-protein-coupled receptors and cardiomyopathy , we infused isoproterenol , a beta-adrenergic receptor agonist , into PI3Kgamma-deficient mice . 
Compared with controls , isoproterenol infusion in PI3Kgamma-deficient mice resulted in an attenuated cardiac hypertrophic response and markedly reduced interstitial fibrosis . 
Intriguingly , chronic beta-adrenergic receptor stimulation triggered impaired heart functions in wild-type mice , whereas PI3Kgamma-deficient mice retained their increased heart function and did not develop heart failure . 
The lack of PI3Kgamma attenuated the activation of Akt / protein kinase B and extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1 / 2 signaling pathways in cardiac myocytes in response to isoproterenol . 
beta1- and beta2-adrenergic receptor densities were decreased by similar amounts in PI3Kgamma-deficient and control mice , suggesting that PI3Kgamma isoform plays no role in the downregulation of beta-adrenergic receptors after chronic beta-adrenergic stimulation . 
CONCLUSIONS : Our data show that PI3Kgamma is critical for the induction of hypertrophy , fibrosis , and cardiac dysfunction function in response to beta-adrenergic receptor stimulation in vivo . 
Thus , PI3Kgamma may represent a novel therapeutic target for the treatment of decreased cardiac function in heart failure . An overview of the pharmacodynamic properties and therapeutic potential of combined alpha- and beta-adrenoceptor antagonists . The synthesis and structure-activity relationship of a novel series of compounds with combined effects on 5-HT ( 3A ) and 5-HT ( 1A ) receptors and on the serotonin ( 5-HT ) transporter ( SERT ) are described . 
Compound 5m ( Lu AA21004 ) was the lead compound , displaying high affinity for recombinant human 5-HT ( 1A ) ( K ( i ) = 15 nM ) , 5-HT ( 1B ) ( K ( i ) = 33 nM ) , 5-HT ( 3A ) ( K ( i ) = 3 . 7 nM ) , 5-HT ( 7 ) ( K ( i ) = 19 nM ) , and noradrenergic beta ( 1 ) ( K ( i ) = 46 nM ) receptors , and SERT ( K ( i ) = 1 . 6 nM ) . 
Compound 5m displayed antagonistic properties at 5-HT ( 3A ) and 5-HT ( 7 ) receptors , partial agonist properties at 5-HT ( 1B ) receptors , agonistic properties at 5-HT ( 1A ) receptors , and potent inhibition of SERT . 
In conscious rats , 5m significantly increased extracellular 5-HT levels in the brain after acute and 3 days of treatment . 
Following the 3-day treatment ( 5 or 10 ( mg / kg ) / day ) SERT occupancies were only 43% and 57% , respectively . 
These characteristics indicate that 5m is a novel multimodal serotonergic compound , and 5m is currently in clinical development for major depressive disorder . Extracellular serotonin , dopamine and glutamate levels are elevated in the hypothalamus in a serotonin syndrome animal model induced by tranylcypromine and fluoxetine . The CYP2B6*6 Allele Significantly Alters the N-demethylation of Ketamine Enantiomers In Vitro . This study describes molecular mechanisms for inhibiting tumour cell proliferation using polysaccharides from medicinal mushrooms in human hepatoma cells . 
The results show that regarding cell cycle-related proteins , three types of polysaccharides significantly enhance the expression of p27 ( Kip ) in HepG2 and Bel-7404 cells , while suppressing the activity of cyclin D1 / CDK4 and / or cyclin E / CDK2 . 
Considering apoptosis-related factors , the polysaccharides suppressed AKT activity through the inhibition of AKT phosphorylation at Thr ( 308 ) and / or Ser ( 473 ) . 
The growth of HepG2 and Bel-7404 cells was suppressed by the up-regulation of a subunit of PI3K and phospho-PTEN , which are modulators of AKT activity . 
The polysaccharides also activated the mitochondria-mediated apoptosis pathway by stimulating the activation of Bcl-2 family proteins to release cytochrome c and Smac and cleave caspase-9 and caspase-3 in HepG2 and Bel-7404 cells . 
These factors have a potent effect on cell cycle arrest in G ( 1 ) and / or S phase and induce apoptosis in HepG2 and Bel-7404 cells . Claudin-3 and claudin-4 regulate sensitivity to cisplatin by controlling expression of the copper and cisplatin influx transporter CTR1 . Organic anion-transporting polypeptides ( OATP ) 1B1 , 1B3 , and 2B1 can serve as the loci of drug-drug interactions ( DDIs ) . 
In the present work , the cynomolgus monkey was evaluated as a potential model for studying OATP-mediated DDIs . 
Three cynomolgus monkey OATPs ( cOATPs ) , with a high degree of amino acid sequence identity ( 91 . 9 , 93 . 5 , and 96 . 6% for OATP1B1 , 1B3 , and 2B1 , respectively ) to their human counterparts , were cloned , expressed , and characterized . 
The cOATPs were stably transfected in human embryonic kidney cells and were functionally similar to the corresponding human OATPs ( hOATPs ) , as evident from the similar uptake rate of typical substrates ( estradiol-17β-d-glucuronide , cholecystokinin octapeptide , and estrone-3-sulfate ) . 
Moreover , six known hOATP inhibitors exhibited similar IC ( 50 ) values against cOATPs . 
To further evaluate the appropriateness of the cynomolgus monkey as a model , a known hOATP substrate [ rosuvastatin ( RSV ) ] -inhibitor [ rifampicin ( RIF ) ] pair was examined in vitro; the monkey-derived parameters ( RSV K ( m ) and RIF IC ( 50 ) ) were similar ( within 3 . 5-fold ) to those obtained with hOATPs and human primary hepatocytes . 
In vivo , the area under the plasma concentration-time curve of RSV ( 3 mg / kg , oral ) given 1 hour after a single RIF dose ( 15 mg / kg , oral ) was increased 2 . 9-fold in cynomolgus monkeys , consistent with the value ( 3 . 0-fold ) reported in humans . 
A number of in vitro-in vivo extrapolation approaches , considering the fraction of the pathways affected and free versus total inhibitor concentrations , were also explored . 
It is concluded that the cynomolgus monkey has the potential to serve as a useful model for the assessment of OATP-mediated DDIs in a nonclinical setting . The biologic activity and molecular characterization of a novel synthetic interferon-alpha species , consensus interferon . A novel matrix metalloproteinase inhibitor , FYK-1388 suppresses tumor growth , metastasis and angiogenesis by human fibrosarcoma cell line . FAUC 213 , a highly selective dopamine D4 receptor full antagonist , exhibits atypical antipsychotic properties in behavioural and neurochemical models of schizophrenia . The present study describes the characterization of the binding properties and autoradiographic distribution of a new nonpeptide antagonist of neurotensin receptors , [ 3H ] SR 142948A ( 2- [ [ 5- ( 2 , 6-dimethoxyphenyl ) -1- ( 4- ( N- ( 3-dimethylaminopropyl ) -N-methyl carbamoyl ) -2-isopropylphenyl ) -1H-pyrazole-3-carbonyl ] -amino ] -ad amantane-2-carboxylic acid , hydrochloride ) , in the rat brain . 
The binding of [ 3H ] SR 142948A in brain membrane homogenates was specific , time-dependent , reversible and saturable . 
[ 3H ] SR 142948A bound to an apparently homogeneous population of sites , with a Kd of 3 . 5 nM and a Bmax value of 508 fmol / mg of protein , which was 80% higher than that observed in saturation experiments with [ 3H ] neurotensin . 
[ 3H ] SR 142948A binding was inhibited by SR 142948A , the related nonpeptide receptor antagonist , SR 48692 ( 2- [ [ 1- ( 7-chloroquinolin-4-yl ) -5- ( 2 , 6-dimethoxyphenyl ) -1H-pyrazole -3-carbonyl ] amino ] -adamantane-2-carboxylic acid ) and neurotensin . 
Saturation and competition studies in the presence or absence of the histamine H1 receptor antagonist , levocabastine , revealed that [ 3H ] SR 142948A bound with similar affinities to both the levocabastine-insensitive neurotensin NT1 receptors ( 20% of the total binding population ) and the recently cloned levocabastine-sensitive neurotensin NT2 receptors ( 80% of the receptors ) ( Kd = 6 . 8 and 4 . 8 nM , respectively ) . 
The regional distribution of [ 3H ] SR 142948A binding in the rat brain closely matched the distribution of [ 125I ] neurotensin binding . 
In conclusion , these findings indicate that [ 3H ] SR 142948A is a new potent antagonist radioligand which recognizes with high affinity both neurotensin NT1 and NT2 receptors and represents thus an excellent tool to study neurotensin receptors in the rat brain . In breast tumors IGF binding protein-2 ( IGFBP-2 ) is elevated , and the presence of IGFBP-2 has been shown to correlate with malignancy . 
However , how IGFBP-2 contributes to the malignant state is still unclear . 
Silencing IGFBP-2 blocked cell proliferation and in MCF-7 cells increased cell death , indicating that IGFBP-2 was acting in both a mitogenic and a survival capacity . 
Exogenous IGFBP-2 acting via integrin receptors to reduce phosphatase and tensin homolog deleted from chromosome 10 ( PTEN ) levels protected these cells against death induced by various chemotherapeutic agents . 
This was dependent on a functional estrogen receptor ( ER ) -α because silencing ER-α blocked the ability of IGFBP-2 to confer cell survival . 
Loss of IGFBP-2 increased levels of PTEN and improved chemosensitivity of the cells , confirming its role as a survival factor . 
Silencing IGFBP-2 had no effect on the response to IGF-II , but responses to estrogen and tamoxifen were no longer observed due to loss of ER-α , which could be prevented by the inhibition of PTEN . 
Conversely , exogenous IGFBP-2 increased ER-α mRNA and protein in both normal and cancer cells via its interaction with integrin receptors . 
These actions of IGFBP-2 on ER-α involved the IGF-I receptor and activation of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase in the cancer cells but were independent of this in normal breast cells . 
The production of IGFBP-2 by breast cancer cells enhances their proliferative potential , increases their survival , and protects them against chemotherapy-induced death . 
IGFBP-2 not only modulates IGFs and directly regulates PTEN but also has a role in maintaining ER-α expression . FARP2 is a Dbl-family guanine nucleotide exchange factor ( GEF ) that contains a 4 . 1 , ezrin , radixin and moesin ( FERM ) domain , a Dbl-homology ( DH ) domain and two pleckstrin homology ( PH ) domains . 
FARP2 activates Rac1 or Cdc42 in response to upstream signals , thereby regulating processes such as neuronal axon guidance and bone homeostasis . 
How the GEF activity of FARP2 is regulated remained poorly understood . 
We have determined the crystal structures of the catalytic DH domain and the DH-PH-PH domains of FARP2 . 
The structures reveal an auto-inhibited conformation in which the GEF substrate-binding site is blocked collectively by the last helix in the DH domain and the two PH domains . 
This conformation is stabilized by multiple interactions among the domains and two well-structured inter-domain linkers . 
Our cell-based activity assays confirm the suppression of the FARP2 GEF activity by these auto-inhibitory elements . Novel analgesic / anti-inflammatory agents : 1 , 5-diarylpyrrole nitrooxyalkyl ethers and related compounds as cyclooxygenase-2 inhibiting nitric oxide donors . Monocarbonyl Curcumin Analogues : Heterocyclic Pleiotropic Kinase Inhibitors That Mediate Anticancer Properties . Effects of mCPP on the extracellular concentrations of serotonin and dopamine in rat brain . In addition to its well known sedative and teratogenic effects , thalidomide also possesses potent immunomodulatory and antiinflammatory activities , being most effective against leprosy and chronic graft-versus-host disease . 
The immunomodulatory activity of thalidomide has been ascribed to the selective inhibition of tumor necrosis factor alpha from monocytes . 
The molecular mechanism for the immunomodulatory effect of thalidomide remains unknown . 
To elucidate this mechanism , we synthesized an active photoaffinity label of thalidomide as a probe to identify the molecular target of the drug . 
Using the probe , we specifically labeled a pair of proteins of 43-45 kDa with high acidity from bovine thymus extract . 
Purification of these proteins and partial peptide sequence determination revealed them to be alpha1-acid glycoprotein ( AGP ) . 
We show that the binding of thalidomide photoaffinity label to authentic human AGP is competed with both thalidomide and the nonradioactive photoaffinity label at concentrations comparable to those required for inhibition of production of tumor necrosis factor alpha from human monocytes , suggesting that AGP may be involved in the immunomodulatory activity of thalidomide . Quinone compounds regulate the level of ROS production by the NADPH oxidase Nox4 . Two astrocyte markers , the glial water channel aquaporin-4 ( AQP4 ) and the glial fibrillary acidic protein ( GFAP ) , have been implicated in several physiological and pathological conditions in the central nervous system ( CNS ) as well as in blood-brain barrier breakdown ( BBBb ) . 
By color segmentation the immunoreactivity of both proteins , we demonstrate that the expression of AQP4 and GFAP was increased in the cerebellum of neonate ( 14-day-old , P14 ) and adult ( 8-week-old ) rats administered Phoneutria nigriventer spider venom ( PNV ) known to cause perivascular edema , BBBb and convulsion . 
In the cerebellum's gray matter , PNV produced a major response , especially in the granular layer . 
Parallel increases in AQP4 and GFAP expression occurred 24 h after envenomation in the white matter of P14 and in the molecular layer of adults , as well as in the granular layer 2 h after envenomation . 
In the Purkinje layer there was a tendency of increased AQP4 , for both , neonates ( 5 h ) , and adults ( 2 and 24 h ) . 
Moreover , PNV also provoked nonparallel upregulation of both markers with prevalence of upregulation of AQP 4 for P14 rats , and GFAP for adults . 
The major expression of both proteins was in the gray matter . 
The data indicates a venom effect in water / electrolyte balance in the cerebellum and the participation of AQP4 in these effects . 
Age-related and time-related regional differences probably reflect specificity in AQP4 distribution in different astrocytic membrane domains as well as its participation in K ( + ) buffering and neural activity . 
This study is the first to associate astrocytic AQP4 expression and reactive gliosis in a model of BBB permeability promoted by P . 
nigriventer venom . 
Our data provide compelling evidence that AQP4 expression was increased in the cerebellum of rats administered PNV . Spinal and bulbar muscular atrophy ( SBMA ) is an inherited motor neuron disease caused by the expansion of a polyglutamine ( polyQ ) tract within the androgen receptor ( AR ) gene . 
The pathologic features of SBMA are motor neuron loss in the spinal cord and brainstem , and diffuse nuclear accumulation and nuclear inclusions of mutant AR in residual motor neurons and certain visceral organs . 
AR-associated coregulator 70 ( ARA70 ) was the first coregulator of AR to be identified , and it has been shown to interact with AR and increase its protein stability . 
Here , we report that genistein , an isoflavone found in soy , disrupts the interaction between AR and ARA70 and promotes the degradation of mutant AR in neuronal cells and transgenic mouse models of SBMA . 
We also demonstrate that dietary genistein ameliorates behavioral abnormalities , improves spinal cord and muscle pathology , and decreases the amounts of monomeric AR and high-molecular-weight mutant AR protein aggregates in SBMA transgenic mice . 
Thus , genistein treatment may be a potential therapeutic approach for alleviating the symptoms of SBMA by disrupting the interactions between AR and ARA70 . The present study examined the potential membrane retention of desipramine ( DMI ) following exposures of 293-hNET cells to DMI , and its effect on [ 3H ] NE uptake . 
Incubation of cells with 500 nM DMI for 1 h or 1 day persistently inhibited the uptake of [ 3H ] NE up to 7 days , despite daily repeated washing of cells with drug-free medium . 
Uptake inhibition was paralleled by persistent retention of DMI associated with cells , as determined by HPLC and by radiotracer experiments using [ 3H ] DMI . 
[ 3H ] DMI trapped in membranes was displaceable by the structurally unrelated NET inhibitor , nisoxetine , in a concentration-dependent manner , implying interaction of retained [ 3H ] DMI with the NET . 
A similar cellular retention was observed following incubation of cells with nisoxetine . 
The results demonstrate that DMI and nisoxetine are persistently retained in cell membranes , at least partly in association with the NET . 
The retention and slow diffusion of DMI and nisoxetine from membranes may contribute to their pharmacological and modulatory action on NET . Insulin- and glucagon-like peptide-1-induced changes in heart rate and vagosympathetic activity : why they matter . Three-month subchronic intramuscular toxicity study of rotigotine-loaded microspheres in SD rats . The data that have accumulated in recent years underscore the importance of carefully weighing the risks and benefits of traditional NSAIDs and COX-2 selective inhibitors before making therapeutic decisions for the management of chronic arthritis . 
In clinical practice , the majority of patients with moderate to severe arthritis who might benefit from NSAID or COX-2 therapy are likely to be elderly and , therefore , at higher risk for gastrointestinal and cardiovascular adverse events than younger persons . 
Thus , these patients are more likely to be taking low-dose aspirin and using over-the-counter NSAIDs for pain . 
Selecting a combination of therapies that provides relief from arthritis-related symptoms , minimizes cardiovascular risk , and preserves the gastrointestinal mucosa is complex . 
Factors to consider include the interference of certain NSAIDs , such as ibuprofen or naproxen , with the antiplatelet effects of aspirin; direct effects of non-selective NSAIDs and of COX-2 selective inhibitors on fluid retention and blood pressure; emerging data about cardiovascular risks associated with these drugs; differences between these agents with regard to associated gastrointestinal adverse event rates; and the feasibility of coadministration of anti-inflammatory therapies with gastro-protective agents . Cloning , functional expression and brain localization of a novel unconventional outward rectifier K + channel . RATIONALE : To improve outcomes for patients undergoing extinction-based therapies ( e . 
g . 
, exposure therapy ) for anxiety disorders such as post-traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) , there has been interest in identifying pharmaceutical compounds that might facilitate fear extinction learning and recall . 
Oxytocin ( OT ) is a mammalian neuropeptide that modulates activation of fear extinction-based neural circuits and fear responses . 
Little is known , however , about the effects of OT treatment on conditioned fear responding and extinction in humans . 
OBJECTIVES : The purpose of the present study was to assess the effects of OT in a fear-potentiated startle task of fear conditioning and extinction . 
METHODS : A double-blind , placebo-controlled study of 44 healthy human participants was conducted . 
Participants underwent a conditioned fear acquisition procedure , after which they were randomized to treatment group and delivered OT ( 24 IU ) or placebo via intranasal ( IN ) spray . 
Forty-five minutes after treatment , participants underwent extinction training . 
Twenty-four hours later , subjects were tested for extinction recall . 
RESULTS : Relative to placebo , the OT group showed increased fear-potentiated startle responding during the earliest stage of extinction training relative to placebo; however , all treatment groups showed the same level of reduced responding by the end of extinction training . 
Twenty-four hours later , the OT group showed significantly higher recall of extinction relative to placebo . 
CONCLUSIONS : The current study provides preliminary evidence that OT may facilitate fear extinction recall in humans . 
These results support further study of OT as a potential adjunctive treatment for extinction-based therapies in fear-related disorders . Sorafenib ( BAY 43-9006 , Nexavar ) , a dual-action inhibitor that targets RAF / MEK / ERK pathway in tumor cells and tyrosine kinases VEGFR / PDGFR in tumor vasculature . HSP90 functions to stabilize and activate the testis-specific serine / threonine kinases , a family of kinases essential for male fertility . Universal concept for the implementation of a single cleavable unit at tunable position in functional poly ( ethylene glycol ) s . Comparison of the effect of rofecoxib ( a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor ) , ibuprofen , and placebo on the gastroduodenal mucosa of patients with osteoarthritis : a randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled trial . 
The Rofecoxib Osteoarthritis Endoscopy Multinational Study Group . Metformin directly inhibits ghrelin secretion through AMP-activated protein kinase in rat primary gastric cells . Metal-enzyme frameworks : role of metal ions in promoting enzyme self-assembly on α-zirconium ( IV ) phosphate nanoplates . Changes in gene expression associated with loss of function of the NSDHL sterol dehydrogenase in mouse embryonic fibroblasts . It has been reported that oligomeric procyanidins of lotus seedpod ( LSOPC ) is effective in the alleviation of Alzheimer's disease and diabetes through its antioxidant and insulin-potentiating activities . 
This study investigated the anti-glycative activity of LSOPC in a bovine serum albumin ( BSA ) -glucose model . 
The level of glycation and conformational alterations were assessed by specific fluorescence , Congo red binding assay and circular dichroism . 
The results show that LSOPC has a significant anti-glycative activity in vitro and it can also effectively protect the secondary structure of BSA during glycation . 
LSOPC or catechin ( a major constituent unit of LSOPC ) , were used to react with methylglyoxal . 
The structures of their carbonyl adducts were tentatively identified using HPLC-MS ( 2 ) . 
Their capacity to scavenge methylglyoxal suggested carbonyl scavenging as a major mechanism of antiglycation . 
Therefore , LSOPC could be helpful to prevent AGEs-associated diseases , and with the potential to be used as functional food ingredients . Hypermethylation of P15 , P16 , and E-cadherin genes in ovarian cancer . Recently published studies suggest a weak positive correlation between increased dietary acrylamide intake and the increased risk of endometrial and ovarian cancer . 
However , risk assessment of acrylamide remains difficult because the carcinogenic mechanisms are still unknown and in particular the molecular effects of low level acrylamide exposure as seen by dietary intake are not well understood . 
Therefore , we analyzed in ovarian and endometrial cancer cell lines as well as in primary hepatocytes the expression of genes involved in cancer development and xenobiotic metabolism after high and low dose exposure ( 1-0 . 001mM ) of acrylamide and its metabolite glycidamide . 
In conclusion our in vitro results demonstrate that exposure to high doses of glycidamide / acrylamide - exceeding the dietary exposure of the general population by far - can induce genes with growth promoting potential like the oncogene cMYC and genes involved in the MAPK pathway . 
However , low-dose exposure seems to activate primarily genes involved in the elimination of the toxicant . We examined the effect of chronic administration ( 14 days ) of haloperidol ( 2 mg / kg / day ) or sulpiride ( 100 mg / kg / day ) , on the mRNA levels of various genes in the rat striatum and pituitary by quantitative in situ and Northern blot hybridizations . 
In the pituitary , haloperidol and sulpiride induced similar increases of mRNAs of pro-opiomelanocortin ( POMC ) ( + 65% and + 73% ) , prolactin ( PRL ) ( + 821% and + 840% ) and growth hormone ( GH ) ( + 32% and + 47% ) , but sulpiride induced a greater increase of D2R mRNA ( + 125% ) than haloperidol ( + 92% ) . 
In the striatum , sulpiride and haloperidol had different effects : sulpiride induced a higher increase than haloperidol of both preproenkephalin A ( PPA ) mRNA ( + 67% versus + 47% ) and D2 dopamine receptor ( D2R ) mRNAs ( + 72% versus + 40% ) . 
Moreover , haloperidol and sulpiride had opposite effects on substance P ( SP ) mRNA . 
Haloperidol decreased the amount of SP mRNA by 20% while sulpiride increased it by 20% . 
The D1 dopamine receptor ( D1R ) mRNA level was not significantly modified after either treatment . 
Our results demonstrate that the effect of a chronic haloperidol treatment on striatal dopamine receptors and neuropeptide mRNA levels is different to that of sulpiride , whereas it is similar on pituitary hormones mRNA levels . Reabsorption of amino acids is an important function of the renal proximal tubule . 
pH-dependent amino acid transport has been measured previously using rabbit renal brush-border membrane vesicles ( BBMV ) . 
The purpose of this investigation was to determine whether this pH-dependent uptake represents H ( + ) / amino acid cotransport via a PAT1-like transport system . 
The rabbit PAT1 cDNA was isolated ( 2296bp including both 5' and 3' untranslated regions and poly ( A ) tail ) and the open reading frame codes for a protein of 475 amino acids ( 92% identity to human PAT1 ) . 
Rabbit PAT1 mRNA was found in all tissues investigated including kidney . 
When expressed heterologously in a mammalian cell line , rabbit PAT1 mediates pH-dependent , Na ( + ) -independent uptake of proline , glycine , l-alanine and alpha- ( methylamino ) isobutyric acid . 
Proline uptake was maximal at pH 5 . 0 ( K ( m ) 2 . 2 + / -0 . 7 mM ) . 
A transport system with identical characteristics ( ion dependency , substrate specificity ) was detected in rabbit renal BBMV where an overshoot was observed in the absence of Na + but in the presence of an inwardly directed H + gradient . 
In the presence of Na + and under conditions in which PAT1 transport function was suppressed , a second proline uptake system was detected that exhibited functional characteristics similar to those of the IMINO system . 
The functional characteristics of rabbit PAT1 in either mammalian cells or renal BBMV suggest that PAT1 is the low-affinity transporter of proline , glycine and hydroxyproline believed to be defective in patients with iminoglycinuria . Impaired antibody synthesis after spinal cord injury is level dependent and is due to sympathetic nervous system dysregulation . Osteosarcoma is the most common primary cancer of bone and one that predominantly affects children and adolescents . 
Osteoblastic osteosarcoma represents the major subtype of this tumor , with approximately equal representation of fibroblastic and chondroblastic subtypes . 
We and others have previously described murine models of osteosarcoma based on osteoblast-restricted Cre : lox deletion of Trp53 ( p53 ) and Rb1 ( Rb ) , resulting in a phenotype most similar to fibroblastic osteosarcoma in humans . 
We now report a model of the most prevalent form of human osteosarcoma , the osteoblastic subtype . 
In contrast to other osteosarcoma models that have used Cre : lox mediated gene deletion , this model was generated through shRNA-based knockdown of p53 . 
As is the case with the human disease the shRNA tumors most frequently present in the long bones and preferentially disseminate to the lungs; feature less consistently modeled using Cre : lox approaches . 
Our approach allowed direct comparison of the in vivo consequences of targeting the same genetic drivers using two different technologies , Cre : lox and shRNA . 
This demonstrated that the effects of Cre : lox and shRNA mediated knock-down are qualitatively different , at least in the context of osteosarcoma , and yielded distinct subtypes of osteosarcoma . 
Through the use of complementary genetic modification strategies we have established a model of the most common clinical subtype of osteosarcoma that was not previously represented and more fully recapitulated the clinical spectrum of this cancer . Valdecoxib is a potent and specific inhibitor of cyclooxygenase-2 , which is used for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis , osteoarthritis , and the dysmenorrhea pain . 
Eight male human subjects each received a single 50-mg oral dose of [ ( 14 ) C ] valdecoxib . 
Urine , feces , and blood samples were collected after administration of the radioactive dose . 
Most of the radioactivity in plasma was associated with valdecoxib and the hydroxylated metabolite of valdecoxib ( M1 ) . 
The estimated terminal half-life for valdecoxib was about 7 h . 
About 76 . 1% of the radioactive dose was recovered in urine and 18% of the radioactive dose was recovered in feces . 
Valdecoxib was extensively metabolized in human , and nine phase I metabolites were identified . 
The primary oxidative metabolic pathways of valdecoxib involved hydroxylation at either the methyl group to form M1 or N-hydroxylation at the sulfonamide moiety to form M2 . 
Further oxidation of M1 led to the formation of several other phase I metabolites . 
Oxidative breakdown of the N-hydroxy sulfonamide function group in M2 led to the formation of corresponding sulfinic acid and sulfonic acid metabolites . 
The O-glucuronide conjugate of M1 and N-glucuronide conjugate of valdecoxib were the major urinary metabolites , which accounted for 23 . 3 and 19 . 5% of the total administered dose , respectively . 
The remaining urinary metabolites were glucuronide conjugates of other phase I metabolites . 
Only 3% of the administered dose was recovered in urine as unchanged parent , suggesting that renal clearance is insignificant for valdecoxib . 
Absorption of valdecoxib was excellent since the recovery of unchanged valdecoxib in feces was <1% of the administered dose . An exploratory study on pharmacogenetics of inosine-monophosphate dehydrogenase II in peripheral mononuclear cells from liver-transplant recipients . Functional studies on alpha 1-adrenoceptor subtypes mediating inotropic effects in rat right ventricle . Tyrosine kinases ( TKs ) are attractive targets for cancer therapy , as quite often their abnormal signaling has been linked with tumor development and growth . 
Constitutive activated TKs stimulate multiple signaling pathways responsible for DNA repair , apoptosis , and cell proliferation . 
During the last few years , thorough analysis of the mechanism underlying tyrosine kinase's activity led to novel cancer therapy using TKs blockers . 
These drugs are remarkably effective in the treatment of various human tumors including head and neck , gastric , prostate and breast cancer and leukemias . 
The most successful example of kinase blockers is Imatinib ( Imatinib mesylate , Gleevec , STI571 ) , the inhibitor of Bcr / Abl oncoprotein , which has become a first-line therapy for chronic myelogenous leukemia . 
The introduction of STI571 for the treatment of leukemia in clinical oncology has had a dramatic impact on how this disease is currently managed . 
Others kinase inhibitors used recently in cancer therapy include Dasatinib ( BMS-354825 ) specific for ABL non-receptor cytoplasmic kinase , Gefitinib ( Iressa ) , Erlotinib ( OSI-774 , Tarceva ) and Sunitinib ( SU 11248 , Sutent ) specific for VEGF receptor kinase , AMN107 ( Nilotinib ) and INNO-406 ( NS-187 ) specific for c-KIT kinase . 
The following TK blockers for treatment of various human tumors are in clinical development : Lapatinib ( Lapatinib ditosylate , Tykerb , GW-572016 ) , Canertinib ( CI-1033 ) , Zactima ( ZD6474 ) , Vatalanib ( PTK787 / ZK 222584 ) , Sorafenib ( Bay 43-9006 , Nexavar ) , and Leflunomide ( SU101 , Arava ) . 
Herein , we discuss the chemistry , biological activity and clinical potential of new drugs with tyrosine kinase blockers for cancer treatment . The transsulfuration pathway , which aids in regulating homocysteine concentration and mediates cysteine synthesis , may be sensitive to vitamin B-6 status because cystathionine beta-synthase ( CBS ) and cystathionine gamma-lyase ( CGL ) require pyridoxal 5'-phosphate ( PLP ) . 
To assess relations between vitamin B-6 and transsulfuration , we evaluated the effects of dietary pyridoxine ( PN ) on the hepatic concentration of relevant metabolites and in vitro activity of CBS and CGL . 
Growing rats were fed AIN-93G- or AIN-76A-based diets that ranged from adequate to deficient in vitamin B-6 ( 2 , 1 , 0 . 5 , 0 . 1 , or 0 mg of PN / kg diet , n = 5 ) . 
This design allowed assessment of the effects of supplemental methionine ( AIN-76A ) vs . 
cysteine ( AIN-93G ) in common research diets over a range of vitamin B-6 levels . 
CBS activity , assayed in the presence or absence of added S-adenosylmethionine , was independent of diet type and PN level . 
CGL activity was independent of diet type but proportional to dietary PN . 
Rats fed deficient ( 0 and 0 . 1 mg PN / kg ) diets exhibited only approximately 30% of the CGL activity of those fed the 2 mg PN / kg diets . 
Hepatic cystathionine increased from 20 to 30 nmol / g for the 1-2 mg PN / kg diets to approximately 85 nmol / g for the 0 mg PN / kg diet; however , cysteine was reduced only in B-6-deficient rats consuming the AIN-93G diet ( means of 30-40 nmol / g for adequate to 11 . 6 nmol / g for 0 mg PN / kg AIN-76A diet ) . 
In spite of these effects , hepatic glutathione concentration increased in vitamin B-6 deficiency . 
These results suggest that vitamin B-6-dependent changes in transsulfuration do not limit hepatic glutathione production . Structural determinants of substrate specificity in aldehyde dehydrogenases . Pseudohypoaldosteronism type 1 ( PHA1 ) , a rare disorder of infancy , presents with potential life-threatening salt wasting and failure to thrive . 
Thus far , PHA1 has been attributed to mutations affecting the mineralocorticoid receptor or any of the three subunits assembling the amiloride-sensitive epithelial sodium channel ( ENaC ) . 
However , a lot of patients with a phenotype resembling PHA1 , show no defects in these proteins , making it likely that further genes are involved in the aetiology of this disease . 
Recent studies have elucidated additional participants ( alpha-spectrin and members of the families of transmembrane serine proteases , ubiquitin-protein ligases , and serum- and glucocorticoid-regulated kinases , respectively ) regulating and / or interacting in the complex pathway of sodium retention in the amiloride-sensitive distal nephron . 
This led us to investigate whether PHA1 can also be associated with mutations in some of these genes . 
Our data suggest that at least the prostasin gene might be excluded as a causative locus . Inhibitors of the arachidonic acid metabolism attenuate the thyroliberin ( TRH ) stimulated prolactin production without modifying the production of inositolphosphates in GH4C1 pituitary cells . The novel antidepressant mirtazapine has a dual mode of action . 
It is a noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant ( NaSSA ) that acts by antagonizing the adrenergic alpha2-autoreceptors and alpha2-heteroreceptors as well as by blocking 5-HT2 and 5-HT3 receptors . 
It enhances , therefore , the release of norepinephrine and 5-HT1A-mediated serotonergic transmission . 
This dual mode of action may conceivably be responsible for mirtazapine's rapid onset of action . 
Mirtazapine is extensively metabolized in the liver . 
The cytochrome ( CYP ) P450 isoenzymes CYP1A2 , CYP2D6 , and CYP3A4 are mainly responsible for its metabolism . 
Using once daily dosing , steady-state concentrations are reached after 4 days in adults and 6 days in the elderly . 
In vitro studies suggest that mirtazapine is unlikely to cause clinically significant drug-drug interactions . 
Dry mouth , sedation , and increases in appetite and body weight are the most common adverse effects . 
In contrast to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( SSRIs ) , mirtazapine has no sexual side effects . 
The antidepressant efficacy of mirtazapine was established in several placebo-controlled trials . 
In major depression , its efficacy is comparable to that of amitriptyline , clomipramine , doxepin , fluoxetine , paroxetine , citalopram , or venlafaxine . 
Mirtazapine also appears to be useful in patients suffering from depression comorbid with anxiety symptoms and sleep disturbance . 
It seems to be safe and effective during long-term use . A review of the preclinical and clinical data of newer intranasal steroids used in the treatment of allergic rhinitis . Mesalamine ( 5-ASA ) is widely used for the treatment of ulcerative colitis , a remitting condition characterized by chronic inflammation of the colon . 
Knowledge about the molecular and cellular targets of 5-ASA is limited and a clear understanding of its activity in intestinal homeostasis and interference with neoplastic progression is lacking . 
We sought to identify molecular pathways interfered by 5-ASA , using CRC cell lines with different genetic background . 
Microarray was performed for gene expression profile of 5-ASA-treated and untreated cells ( HCT116 and HT29 ) . 
Filtering and analysis of data identified three oncogenic pathways interfered by 5-ASA : MAPK / ERK pathway , cell adhesion and β-catenin / Wnt signaling . 
PAK1 emerged as a consensus target of 5-ASA , orchestrating these pathways . 
We further investigated the effect of 5-ASA on cell adhesion . 
5-ASA increased cell adhesion which was measured by cell adhesion assay and transcellular-resistance measurement . 
Moreover , 5-ASA treatment restored membranous expression of adhesion molecules E-cadherin and β-catenin . 
Role of PAK1 as a mediator of mesalamine activity was validated in vitro and in vivo . 
Inhibition of PAK1 by RNA interference also increased cell adhesion . 
PAK1 expression was elevated in APC ( min ) polyps and 5-ASA treatment reduced its expression . 
Our data demonstrates novel pharmacological mechanism of mesalamine in modulation of cell adhesion and role of PAK1 in APC ( min ) polyposis . 
We propose that inhibition of PAK1 expression by 5-ASA can impede with neoplastic progression in colorectal carcinogenesis . 
The mechanism of PAK1 inhibition and induction of membranous translocation of adhesion proteins by 5-ASA might be independent of its known anti-inflammatory action . Structural and dynamical properties of room-temperature ionic liquids containing the cation 1-butyl-3-methylimidazolium ( [ BMIM ] ( + ) ) and three different anions ( hexafluorophosphate , [ PF6 ] ( - ) , tetrafluoroborate , [ BF4 ] ( - ) , and bis ( trifluoromethylsulfonyl ) imide , [ NTf2 ] ( - ) ) doped with several molar fractions of lithium salts with a common anion at 298 . 15 K and 1 atm were investigated by means of molecular dynamics simulations . 
The effect of the size of the salt cation was also analyzed by comparing these results with those for mixtures of [ BMIM ] [ PF6 ] with NaPF6 . 
Lithium / sodium solvation and ionic mobilities were analyzed via the study of radial distribution functions , coordination numbers , cage autocorrelation functions , mean-square displacements ( including the analysis of both ballistic and diffusive regimes ) , self-diffusion coefficients of all the ionic species , velocity and current autocorrelation functions , and ionic conductivity in all the ionic liquid / salt systems . 
We found that lithium and sodium cations are strongly coordinated in two different positions with the anion present in the mixture . 
Moreover , [ Li ] ( + ) and [ Na ] ( + ) cations were found to form bonded-like , long-lived aggregates with the anions in their first solvation shell , which act as very stable kinetic entities within which a marked rattling motion of salt ions takes place . 
With very long MD simulation runs , this phenomenon is proved to be on the basis of the decrease of self-diffusion coefficients and ionic conductivities previously reported in experimental and computational results . PD 0332991 is a highly specific inhibitor of cyclin-dependent kinase 4 ( Cdk4 ) ( IC50 , 0 . 011 micromol / L ) and Cdk6 ( IC50 , 0 . 016 micromol / L ) , having no activity against a panel of 36 additional protein kinases . 
It is a potent antiproliferative agent against retinoblastoma ( Rb ) -positive tumor cells in vitro , inducing an exclusive G1 arrest , with a concomitant reduction of phospho-Ser780 / Ser795 on the Rb protein . 
Oral administration of PD 0332991 to mice bearing the Colo-205 human colon carcinoma produces marked tumor regression . 
Therapeutic doses of PD 0332991 cause elimination of phospho-Rb and the proliferative marker Ki-67 in tumor tissue and down-regulation of genes under the transcriptional control of E2F . 
The results indicate that inhibition of Cdk4 / 6 alone is sufficient to cause tumor regression and a net reduction in tumor burden in some tumors . Effect of JTH-601 , a novel alpha ( 1 ) -adrenoceptor antagonist , on prostate function in dogs . The aim of this study was to investigate the therapeutic potential of rosmarinic acid ( RA ) , a natural phenolic , in the treatment of acute liver toxicity . 
RA at 10 , 25 and 50mg / kg was administered by gavage once daily for 2 consecutive days , 6h after CCl ( 4 ) intoxication . 
CCl ( 4 ) intoxication caused hepatic necrosis and increased serum ALT activity . 
In the livers , oxidative / nitrosative stress was evidenced by increased 3-nitrotyrosine ( 3-NT ) and thiobarbituric acid reactive substances ( TBARS ) formation and a significant decrease in Cu / Zn superoxide dismutase ( SOD ) activity . 
CCl ( 4 ) administration triggered inflammatory response in mice livers by activating nuclear factor-kappaB ( NF-κB ) , which coincided with the induction of tumor necrosis factor-alpha ( TNF-α ) and cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) . 
RA improved histological and serum markers of liver damage and significantly ameliorated oxidative / nitrosative stress and inflammatory response in liver tissue . 
Additionally , RA prevented transforming growth factor-beta1 ( TGF-β1 ) and alpha-smooth muscle actin ( α-SMA ) expression , suggesting suppression of profibrotic response . 
Furthermore , RA significantly inhibited the CCl ( 4 ) -induced apoptosis , which was evident from decreased cleavage of caspase-3 . 
The hepatoprotective activity of RA coincided with enhanced NF-E2-related factor 2 ( Nrf2 ) and heme oxygenase-1 ( HO-1 ) expression . 
The results of this study indicates that RA possesses antioxidant , anti-inflammatory , antiapoptotic and antifibrotic activity against acute liver toxicity . Gene expression of the phosphodiesterases 3A and 5A in human corpus cavernosum penis . This study was conducted to compare the effects of oral toxicity induced by fish oil biodiesel and diesel fuel . 
Diesel and fish oil biodiesel were administered by oral gavage to rats . 
For this purpose , 35 rats were divided into five groups . 
Sunflower oil of 250 mg kg ( -1 ) was administered to the rats in the control group by oral gavage . 
The rats in the D250 and D500 groups were administered by oral gavage 250 mg kg ( -1 ) and 500 mg kg ( -1 ) of diesel fuel dissolved in equal amounts of sunflower oil , respectively . 
The rats in the F250 and F500 groups were administered by oral gavage 250 mg kg ( -1 ) and 500 mg kg ( -1 ) of fish oil biodiesel dissolved in equal amounts of sunflower oil , respectively . 
At the end of the study , malondialdehyde ( MDA ) and reduced glutathione ( GSH ) levels were measured in the whole blood; catalase ( CAT ) activity level was measured in erythrocytes; and nitrite ( NO ( 2 ) ) and nitrate ( NO ( 3 ) ) levels were measured in the serum . 
It was observed that the whole blood MDA levels of the diesel groups were considerably different from those in the control and fish oil biodiesel groups ( p < 0 . 001 ) . 
GSH levels in the control group were observed to be considerably different from those in all other groups ( p < 0 . 001 ) . 
Serum NO ( 3 ) concentrations in the diesel groups were found to be considerably different from those in the control and biodiesel groups . 
Serum NO ( 2 ) concentrations in one of the diesel groups were significantly different from those in the control and biodiesel groups ( p < 0 . 01 and p < 0 . 05 , respectively ) . 
The CAT activity of the control group was observed to be different from that in the other groups . 
According to these results , both fish oil biodiesel and diesel fuel are thought to cause lipid peroxidation . 
It was observed that fish oil biodiesel does not induce as much oxidative damage as does the diesel fuel . 
It is suggested that fish oil biodiesel should be preferred as an alternative to the diesel . A series of novel aliphatic amido-quaternary ammonium salts were synthesized and evaluated for their anticancer effects involving induction of RhoB . 
Most of these compounds , featuring open-ring forms of aliphatic amido-quaternary ammonium salts , exhibited potent anti-proliferative activities in human cancer cell lines , including PC-3 , NUGC-3 , MDA-MB-231 , ACHN , HCT-15 , and NCI-H23 . 
In further evaluation , the representative compound N , N-diethyl-N- ( 2- ( N-methyltetradecanamido ) ethyl ) prop-2-en-1-aminium bromide ( 3b ) exhibited potent pro-apoptotic activity , through RhoB activation , in HeLa cells . Inhibition of Th1 / Th17 responses via suppression of STAT1 and STAT3 activation contributes to the amelioration of murine experimental colitis by a natural flavonoid glucoside icariin . In order to investigate the factors contributing to the glucose-lowering effect of vildagliptin , we analyzed the results of the oral glucose tolerance test together with several clinical parameters in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes before and after 24 weeks of treatment with vildagliptin . 
The data of the 13 patients who satisfactorily completed the follow-up examinations were included . 
After 24 weeks treatment with vildagliptin , the patients were classified into a responder group ( 69 . 2% ) and a non-responder group ( 30 . 8% ) ; the responders consisting of subjects whose HbA1c decreased following 24 weeks treatment with vildagliptin , and the non-responders consisting of subjects who did not show any significant decrease of HbA1c . 
There were no differences in baseline characteristics between the two groups before administration of vildagliptin . 
After 24 weeks of treatment , HbA1c was significantly reduced from 7 . 3 ± 0 . 5% to 6 . 7 ± 0 . 5% in the responder group ( P = 0 . 0077 ) , while it tended to rather increased from 7 . 1 ± 0 . 6% to 7 . 5 ± 0 . 7% in the non-responder group ( P = 0 . 0679 ) . 
Also , parameters reflecting the glucose-stimulated insulin secretion , such as the insulinogenic index and oral disposition index , were significantly higher in the responder group than in the non-responder group , whereas insulin sensitivity was similar between the two groups . 
These results suggest that the difference in the degree of improvement of the glucose tolerance between the responder group and non-responder group in this study could be associated with the effect of vildagliptin on the glucose-stimulated insulin secretion , but not on the insulin sensitivity . Glutathione is a tripeptide composed of glutamate , cysteine and glycine . 
Glutathione is present in millimolar concentrations in most mammalian cells and it is involved in several fundamental biological functions , including free radical scavenging , detoxification of xenobiotics and carcinogens , redox reactions , biosynthesis of DNA , proteins and leukotrienes , as well as neurotransmission / neuromodulation . 
Glutathione is metabolised via the gamma-glutamyl cycle , which is catalyzed by six enzymes . 
In man , hereditary deficiencies have been found in five of the six enzymes . 
Glutathione synthetase deficiency is the most frequently recognized disorder and , in its severe form , it is associated with hemolytic anemia , metabolic acidosis , 5-oxoprolinuria , central nervous system ( CNS ) damage and recurrent bacterial infections . 
Gamma-glutamylcysteine synthetase deficiency is also associated with hemolytic anemia , and some patients with this disorder show defects of neuromuscular function and generalized aminoaciduria . 
Gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase deficiency has been found in patients with CNS involvement and glutathionuria . 
5-Oxoprolinase deficiency is associated with 5-oxoprolinuria but without a clear association with other symptoms . 
Dipeptidase deficiency has been described in one patient . 
All disorders are very rare and inherited in an autosomal recessive manner . 
Most of the mutations are leaky so that many patients have residual enzyme activity . 
Diagnosis is made by measuring the concentration of different metabolites in the gamma-glutamyl cycle , enzyme activity and in glutathione synthetase and gamma-glutamylcysteine synthetase deficiency , also by mutation analysis . 
Prenatal diagnosis has been preformed in glutathione synthetase deficiency . 
The prognosis is difficult to predict , as few patients are known , but seems to vary significantly between different patients . 
The aims of the treatment of glutathione synthesis defects are to avoid hemolytic crises and to increase the defense against reactive oxygen species . 
No treatment has been recommended for gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase , 5-oxoprolinase and dipeptidase deficiency . Chondroitin sulfate ( CS ) is a natural glycosaminoglycan , formed by the 1-3 linkage of d-glucuronic acid to N-acetylgalactosamine , present in the extracellular matrix . 
It is used as a slow acting disease modifying agent in the treatment of osteoarthritis , and part of its beneficial effects are due to its antiinflammatory properties that result from an inhibitory effect on NF-κB signaling pathway . 
This ability raises the hypothesis that CS might be effective in other chronic inflammatory processes such as psoriasis , in which a deregulation of NF-κB is a key feature . 
In addition , psoriasis is characterized by an upregulation of STAT3 signaling pathway that is related to the epidermal hyperplasia . 
In the present study we report the pharmacological modulation of the NF-κB and STAT3 signaling pathways by CS in normal human keratinocytes . 
CS inhibited NF-κB activation and the release of some of the key psoriatic cytokines such as TNFα , IL-8 , IL-6 and CCL27 . 
Moreover , it impaired STAT3 translocation to the nucleus and significantly reduced STAT3 transcriptional activity by a mechanism that was independent from STAT3 phosphorylation . 
Our results confirm the interest of CS as a candidate for future drug research in the therapeutics of psoriasis given the need of more effective and safer oral medications for these patients . Bupropion is a nicotinic antagonist . The adhesion of cells to vertically aligned TiO2 nanotubes is reviewed . 
The attraction between a negatively charged nanotube surface and a negatively charged osteoblast is facilitated by charged protein-mediators like proteins with a quadrupolar internal charge distribution , fibronectin and vitronectin . 
It is shown that adhesion and spreading of osteoblasts on vertically aligned TiO2 nanotube surfaces depend on the diameter of the nanotubes . 
Apparently , a small diameter nanotube surface has on average more sharp convex edges per unit area than a large one , leading to stronger binding affinity on its surface . BACKGROUND : Gitelman's syndrome ( GS ) is an autosomal recessive disorder resulting from inactivating mutations in the thiazide-sensitive Na-Cl co-transporter ( NCCT ) gene . 
To date , almost 90 mutations have been identified . 
It is possible that there is a population-specific distribution of mutations . 
In this study , we analysed mutations in the NCCT gene of seven Japanese patients with GS . 
METHODS : Peripheral blood mononuclear cells were isolated from patients with GS , their family members and healthy control subjects . 
A mutation analysis of the NCCT gene was performed completely by direct automated sequencing of polymerase chain reaction-amplified DNA products . 
In patients with a deletion or splice site mutation , we undertook cDNA sequence analysis . 
RESULTS : We identified nine mutations . 
Five of them [ c . 185C>T ( Thr60Met ) , c . 1712C>T ( Ala569Val ) , c . 1930C>T ( Arg642Cys ) , c . 2552T>A ( Leu849His ) and c . 1932delC ] have been reported in Japanese patients , but not in GS patients from other ethnic groups . 
The remaining four mutations [ c . 7A>T ( Met1Leu ) , c . 1181_1186 + 20del26 , c . 1811_1812delAT and IVS16 + 1G>A ] were novel . 
In cDNA derived from a patient with c . 1181_1186 + 20del26 , a deletion of exon 9 and a frameshift at the start of exon 10 were observed . 
In cDNA derived from patients with IVS16 + 1G>A , an additional 96 bp insertion between exons 16 and 17 was observed . 
Six out of seven patients were compound heterozygotes , and the remaining one carried a single heterozygous mutation . 
CONCLUSIONS : We found four novel mutations in the NCCT gene in seven Japanese patients with GS . 
Moreover , our study suggests that the distribution of mutations in the NCCT gene in Japanese GS patients potentially differs from that in other populations . Decreased serum chemerin levels in male Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes : sex dimorphism . The intended therapeutic effect of gonadotropin-releasing hormone ( GnRH ) agonists is hypogonadism , a major cause of acquired osteoporosis in men . 
Consistent with this observation , GnRH agonists increase bone turnover and decrease bone mineral density , a surrogate for fracture risk . 
Large claims-based analyses and other retrospective studies provide compelling evidence that GnRH agonists increase risk of clinical fractures . 
Estrogens play a central role in homeostasis of the normal male skeleton , and estrogen deficiency rather than testosterone deficiency seems to be primarily responsible for the adverse skeletal effects of GnRH agonists . 
In randomized controlled trials , bisphosphonates ( pamidronate and zoledronic acid ) and selective estrogen receptor modulators ( raloxifene and toremifene ) increased bone mineral density in GnRH agonist-treated men . 
Two ongoing large randomized placebo-controlled studies will prospectively define fracture outcomes in men with prostate cancer and assess the efficacy of novel pharmacologic interventions ( AMG162 , toremifene ) during GnRH agonist treatment . Development of new cyclic plasmin inhibitors with excellent potency and selectivity . Effects of maternally exposed coloring food additives on receptor expressions related to learning and memory in rats . Tyrosinemia I , a model for human diseases mediated by 2-oxoacid-utilizing dioxygenases : hepatotoxin suppression by NTBC does not normalize hepatic collagen metabolism . Use of the Combination Index to determine interactions between plant-derived phenolic acids on hepatotoxicity endpoints in human and rat hepatoma cells . Determination of key receptor-ligand interactions of dopaminergic arylpiperazines and the dopamine D2 receptor homology model . Cognitive effects of intravenous hydrocortisone in subjects with PTSD and healthy control subjects . Pneumocystis jiroveci pneumonia in a patient with rheumatoid arthritis as a complication of treatment with infliximab , anti-tumor necrosis factor alpha neutralizing antibody . Subtypes of alpha 1- and alpha 2-adrenergic receptors . Histamine H1 blocker hydroxyzine improves sleep in patients with cirrhosis and minimal hepatic encephalopathy : a randomized controlled pilot trial . The non-competitive blocker site of the GABA-gated chloride ion channel in normal susceptible strains of Drosophila melanogaster and simulans binds 4-n- [ 3H ] propyl-4'-ethynylbicycloorthobenzoate ( [ 3H ] EBOB ) at specific sites with KdS of 1 . 6-1 . 9 nM and BmaxS of 171-181 fmol / mg protein . 
This specific binding of [ 3H ] EBOB is strongly inhibited by : a large number and variety of insecticidal channel blockers at 20 nM ( lindane , alpha-endosulfan , dieldrin , 12-ketoendrin , fipronil , and a representative bicycloorthobenzoate and dithiane ) or 200 nM ( picrotoxinin ) ; the insecticidal channel activators avermectin and moxidectin at 20 nM; muscimol at 30 microM and GABA at 300 microM . 
Cyclodiene resistance in D . 
melanogaster has been attributed to a mutation resulting in an Ala302-->Ser replacement in the Rdl GABA receptor subunit and in D . 
simulans to an homologous Ala-->Ser or Gly replacement . 
These mutations are shown here to greatly reduce [ 3H ] EBOB binding , i . 
e . 
lower affinity and apparent number of binding sites . 
The Ala-->Ser replacement with both melanogaster and simulans almost always reduces the potency in inhibiting [ 3H ] EBOB binding of each of eight channel blockers and of muscimol and GABA . 
The Ala-->Gly replacement in D . 
simulans is generally less effective than the Ala-->Ser modification in reducing sensitivity to the channel blockers and to muscimol and GABA . 
The channel activators avermectin and moxidectin usually retain their inhibitory potency in the Rdl subunit mutants . 
Thus , it appears that replacement of Ala by Ser generally modifies the non-competitive blocker site and its coupling to the GABA-recognition site with less effect on the channel activator site . 
In contrast , the Ala-->Gly replacement has less impact in protecting the chloride channel from the action of insecticidal blockers . 
Each of the resistant strains has the same level of resistance to the lethal action of the five channel blockers examined but none to avermectins and muscimol . Long acting beta-agonists versus theophylline for maintenance treatment of asthma . The antioxidant activity of teas measured by the FRAP method adapted to the FIA system : optimising the conditions using the response surface methodology . To develop new drugs for treatment of Alzheimer's disease , a group of N'-2- ( 4-Benzylpiperidin- / piperazin-1-yl ) acylhydrazones was designed , synthesized and tested for their ability to inhibit acetylcholinesterase , butyrylcholinesterase and aggregation of amyloid beta peptides ( 1-40 , 1-42 and 1-40_1-42 ) . 
The enzyme inhibition assay results indicated that compounds moderately inhibit both acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . 
β-Amyloid aggregation results showed that all compounds exhibited remarkable Aβ fibril aggregation inhibition activity with a nearly similar potential as the reference compound rifampicin , which makes them promising anti-Alzheimer drug candidates . 
Docking experiments were carried out with the aim to understand the interactions of the most active compounds with the active site of the cholinesterase enzymes . In this study we analyzed some aspects of the assessment of developmental delay in the zebrafish embryotoxicity / teratogenicity test and explored the suitability of acetylcholinesterase ( AChE ) activity as a biochemical marker and as a higher throughput alternative to morphological endpoints such as head-trunk angle , tail length and morphological score . 
Embryos were exposed from 4 to 52 h post-fertilization ( hpf ) to a selection of known embryotoxic / teratogen compounds ( valproic acid , retinoic acid , caffeine , sodium salicylate , glucose , hydroxyurea , methoxyacetic acid , boric acid and paraoxon-methyl ) over a concentration range . 
They were evaluated for AChE activity , head-trunk angle , tail length and several qualitative parameters integrated in a morphological score . 
In general , the different patterns of the concentration-response curves allowed distinguishing between chemicals that produced growth retardation ( valproic and methoxyacetic acid ) and chemicals that produced non-growth-delay related malformations . 
An acceptable correlation between the morphological score , AChE activity and head-trunk angle as markers of developmental delay was observed , being AChE activity particularly sensitive to detect delay in the absence of malformations . Kinetic characterization of adenylosuccinate synthetase from the thermophilic archaea Methanocaldococcus jannaschii . Yttrium-90-ibritumomab tiuxetan radioimmunotherapy : a new treatment approach for B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma . Structural and functional characterization of a phosphatase domain within yeast general transcription factor TFIIIC . Differential binding of fibroblast growth factor-2 and -7 to basement membrane heparan sulfate : comparison of normal and abnormal human tissues . Structural mechanism of ring opening reaction of glucose by human serum albumin . Estrogen receptor ( ER ) antagonists are valuable in the treatment of ER-positive human breast cancer . 
In this study , we designed and synthesized nine new derivatives of 17β-estradiol ( E2 ) with a bulky side chain attached to its C-7α position , and determined their ER antagonistic activity using in vitro bioassays . 
Four of the derivatives showed a strong inhibition of ERα transactivation activity in a luciferase reporter assay and blocked ERα interactions with coactivators . 
Similarly , these derivatives also strongly inhibited the growth of the ERα-positive human breast cancer cells . 
Computational docking analysis was conducted to model the interaction of these antagonists with the human ERα and showed that they could tightly bind to the ERα in a manner similar to that of ICI-182 , 780 , a pure ER antagonist . 
These results provide an example that attachment of a bulky side chain to the C-7α position of E2 can produce ER antagonists with ER affinity comparable to that of ICI-182 , 780 . Pharmacokinetic Interactions between Monoamine Oxidase A Inhibitor Harmaline and 5-Methoxy-N , N-Dimethyltryptamine , and the Impact of CYP2D6 Status . A novel reproductive peptide , phoenixin . Chemical constituents from the fungus Amauroderma amoiensis and their in vitro acetylcholinesterase inhibitory activities . Profiling 976 ToxCast chemicals across 331 enzymatic and receptor signaling assays . Dopamine signaling is required for depolarization-induced slow current in cerebellar Purkinje cells . Rhubarb inhibits hepatocellular carcinoma cell metastasis via GSK-3-β activation to enhance protein degradation and attenuate nuclear translocation of β-catenin . GP IIb / IIIa antagonists are qualitatively different from classical antiplatelet agents , such as aspirin or clopidogrel . 
They do not inhibit platelet activation , i . 
e . 
intraplatelet signal generation or conduction but primarily act outside the platelet by competing with ligand ( e . 
g . 
fibrinogen ) binding that is essential for platelet bridging and aggregate formation . 
Three compounds are in clinical use : abciximab , an antibody fragment and two low-molecular weight compounds , tirofiban and eptifibatide . 
In comparison to the low-molecular weight compounds , abciximab has a substantially longer platelet half-life ( 4 h ) , i . 
e . 
slow off-rate and a short plasma half-life ( 20-30 min ) without significant distribution into the extravascular space . 
The plasma half-life of tirofiban and eptifibatide is about 2 h and parallels the antiplatelet effect . 
The off-rate from the platelet GP IIb / IIIa receptor is much faster and there is a significant distribution into the extravascular space . 
These pharmacokinetic variables might influence the competition between the antagonists and fibrinogen for GP IIb / IIIa binding . 
Other pharmacological variables are a partial agonistic activity , facilitation of thrombolysis , modification of other integrin-related actions , including inflammatory responses , effects on vascular cells and apoptosis . 
Importantly , GP IIb / IIIa antagonists might also interfere with prothrombin binding to the platelet surface and , thus , might influence the coagulation pathway . 
There is no clear evidence that the biological activity of the agents is modified by gene polymorphism ( HPA-1 ) . 
All three compounds may cause thrombocytopenia , possibly related to drug-induced antibodies . 
There is no clear data suggesting that these pharmacological differences transfer into significant differences in clinical outcome , for example in patients with acute coronary syndromes ( ACS ) subjected to acute percutaneous coronary interventions ( PCI ) . 
The only head-to-head comparison of all three clinically used parenteral compounds did not demonstrate differences in major adverse cardiac effects ( MACE ) at 30 days although those have been described in particular with long-term use of oral antagonists . 
The inherent problems with all GP IIb / IIIa antagonists are the narrow therapeutic range because the same mechanisms are involved in hemostasis and thrombosis and their inability to inhibit platelet activation . Dyslipidemia is one of the key risk factors for cardiovascular disease ( CVD ) in diabetes mellitus . 
Despite the mounting clinical trial data , the management of dyslipidemia other than lowering the low density lipoprotein cholesterol ( LDL-c ) continues to be controversial . 
The characteristic features of diabetic dyslipidemia are high plasma triglyceride concentration , reduced high density lipoprotein cholesterol ( HDL-c ) concentration , and increased concentration of small dense LDL particles . 
These changes are caused by increased free fatty acid flux secondary to insulin resistance and aggravated by increased inflammatory adipokines . 
The availability of several lipid-lowering drugs and nutritional supplements offers novel and effective options for achieving target lipid levels in people with diabetes . 
While initiation of drug therapy based on differences in the lipid profile is an option , most practice guidelines recommend statins as first-line therapy . 
Although the evidence for clinical utility of combination of statins with fibrates or nicotinic acid in reducing cardiovascular events remains inconclusive , the preponderance of evidence suggests that a subgroup who have high triglycerides and low HDL-c levels may benefit from combination therapy of statins and fibrates . 
The goal of therapy is to achieve at least 30-40 % reduction in LDL-c levels . 
Preferably the LDL-c should be less than 100 mg / dL in low-risk people and less than 70 mg / dL in those at high risk , including people with established CVD . A 3D-RISM-SCF method with dual solvent boxes for a highly polarized system : application to 1 , 6-anhydrosugar formation reaction of phenyl α- and β-d-glucosides under basic conditions . We examined the role of edrophonium in the acceleration phenomenon using mouse wild-type and mutant D74N AChE inhibited with 7- ( O , O-diethyl-phosphinyloxy ) -1-methylquinolinium methylsulfate ( DEPQ ) . 
With DEPQ-inhibited wild-type mouse acetylcholinesterase ( AChE ) , the reactivation kinetic profile demonstrated one-phase exponential association only when 2- [ hydroxyimino methyl ] -1-methylpyridinium chloride ( 2-PAM ) and 1- ( 2-hydroxy-iminomethyl-1-pyridinium ) -1- ( 4-carboxy-aminopyridi nium ) -dimethyl ether hydrochloride ( HI-6 ) were used as reactivators . 
When 1 , 1 [ oxybis-methylene ) bis [ 4- ( hydroxyimino ) methyl ] pyridinium dichloride ( LuH6 ) and 1 , 1-trimethylene bis ( 4-hydroxyimino methyl ) pyridinium dichloride ( TMB4 ) were used , the reactivation kinetic profile was biphasic in nature . 
Edrophonium had no effect on reactivation by 2-PAM and HI-6 , but significantly accelerated LuH6- and TMB4-induced reactivation of DEPQ-inhibited wild-type mouse AChE . 
Comparison of the initial and overall reactivation rate constants with five oximes indicated that acceleration by edrophonium may be due to the prevention of re-inhibition of the reactivated enzyme by the phosphorylated oxime ( POX ) produced during the reactivation . 
With LuH6 and TMB4 , about 2 . 5-fold increase in the reactivation rate constants was observed in the presence of edrophonium , but little or no effect was observed with the other three oximes . 
The initial reactivation rate constants were 5 . 4- and 4 . 2-fold of the overall rate constants with LuH6 and TMB4 as reactivators respectively , however , very little change was found between the initial and overall rate constants with the other three oximes . 
In experiments with D74N AChE , for which the inhibition potency of charged organophosphate ( OP ) was two to three orders less than wild-type enzyme , edrophonium had no effect on the reactivation by LuH6 and TMB4 and the time courses of reactivation were monophasic . 
The data from mutant enzyme substantiate the involvement of edrophonium in protecting POX re-inhibition of reactivated enzyme formed during the reactivation of OP-inhibited AChE . The renal vascular response to vasopressin and its modulation were evaluated in vivo by infusing the peptide directly into the renal artery of anaesthetized rats . 
The intra-renal artery ( i . 
r . 
a ) infusion of vasopressin induced a dose-dependent decrease in renal blood flow . 
Vasoconstriction was obvious at a dose of 3 ng / kg per min and reached a maximum at 100 ng / kg per min . 
The dose required for a half-maximal response ( ED50 ) was 24 + / -4 ng / kg per min ( mean + / -SEM , n = 8 ) , corresponding to an estimated concentration in renal arterial blood required for a half-maximal response ( EC50 ) of 1 . 9 + / -0 . 6 nM . 
Thiobutabarbitone anaesthesia markedly increased plasma vasopressin concentration . 
This increase was prevented partially by hypotonic hydration of the rats without any change in the renal vascular response to exogenous vasopressin . 
Vasopressin-induced vasoconstriction dose / response curves were similar in homozygous and heterozygous Brattleboro rats . 
Infusion of desmopressin ( 1-1000 ng / kg per min , i . 
r . 
a . 
) , a vasopressin V2 receptor-selective agonist , failed to induce renal vasodilation or vasoconstriction . 
In the presence of SR 49059 ( 1 mg / kg i . 
v . 
) , a vasopressin V1A receptor antagonist that completely abolished the vasopressin-induced renal vasoconstriction , desmopressin again failed to induce vasodilation . 
Inhibition of nitric oxide synthase by N ( omega ) -nitro-L-arginine ( L-NNA , 100 microg / kg for 10 min and 7 . 5 microg / kg per min , i . 
r . 
a . 
) enhanced vasopressin-induced renal vasoconstriction ( EC50 0 . 6 + / -0 . 1 nM , P<0 . 05 ) . 
In contrast , cyclooxygenase blockade by indomethacin ( 5 mg / kg , i . 
v . 
) neither modified the vasopressin-induced decrease in renal blood flow nor altered the potentiation of vasoconstriction by L-NNA . 
These results show that the constrictor response of the rat renal vascular bed in vivo is observed only with high local concentrations of vasopressin . 
This hyporeactivity in vivo was not explained by an anaesthesia-elicited increase in endogenous vasopressin , nor by a modulatory effect linked to V2 receptor activation or prostanoid release . 
In contrast , NO release contributed to the attenuation of vasopressin-induced renal vasoconstriction . [ Characteristics of A-interferon-generated dendritic cells in patients with pulmonary tuberculosis ] . Comparative analysis of human CYP3A4 and rat CYP3A1 induction and relevant gene expression by bisphenol A and diethylstilbestrol : implications for toxicity testing paradigms . Many members of the nudix hydrolase family exhibit considerable substrate multispecificity and ambiguity , which raises significant issues when assessing their functions in vivo and gives rise to errors in database annotation . 
Several display low antimutator activity when expressed in bacterial tester strains as well as some degree of activity in vitro towards mutagenic , oxidized nucleotides such as 8-oxo-dGTP . 
However , many of these show greater activity towards other nucleotides such as ADP-ribose or diadenosine tetraphosphate ( Ap ( 4 ) A ) . 
The antimutator activities have tended to gain prominence in the literature , whereas they may in fact represent the residual activity of an ancestral antimutator enzyme that has become secondary to the more recently evolved major activity after gene duplication . 
Whether any meaningful antimutagenic function has also been retained in vivo requires very careful assessment . 
Then again , other examples of substrate ambiguity may indicate as yet unexplored regulatory systems . 
For example , bacterial Ap ( 4 ) A hydrolases also efficiently remove pyrophosphate from the 5' termini of mRNAs , suggesting a potential role for Ap ( 4 ) A in the control of bacterial mRNA turnover , while the ability of some eukaryotic mRNA decapping enzymes to degrade IDP and dIDP or diphosphoinositol polyphosphates ( DIPs ) may also be indicative of new regulatory networks in RNA metabolism . 
DIP phosphohydrolases also degrade diadenosine polyphosphates and inorganic polyphosphates , suggesting further avenues for investigation . 
This article uses these and other examples to highlight the need for a greater awareness of the possible significance of substrate ambiguity among the nudix hydrolases as well as the need to exert caution when interpreting incomplete analyses . Migraine is a primary brain disorder resulting from altered modulation of normal sensory stimuli and trigeminal nerve dysfunction . 
The second edition of the International Classification of Headache Disorders ( ICHD-2 ) defines seven subtypes of migraine . 
Migraine treatment can be acute or preventive . 
New targeted therapies include 5-HT ( 1F ) receptor agonists , calcitonin gene-related peptide ( CGRP ) antagonists , nitric oxide synthetase inhibitors , and ion channel antagonists . 
A recent development is the creation of antibodies to CGRP and its receptor for migraine prevention . Hedgehog Signaling Pathway and Cancer Therapeutics : Progress to Date . This study aims to investigate the potential of antioxidant enzyme activities ( AEA ) as biomarkers of oxidative stress in freshwater biofilms . 
Therefore , biofilms were grown in channels for 38 days and then exposed to different concentrations ( 0-150μgL ( -1 ) ) of the herbicide oxyfluorfen for 5 more weeks . 
Under control conditions , the AEA of biofilms were found to change throughout time with a significant increase in ascorbate peroxidase ( APX ) activity during the exponential growth and a more important role of catalase ( CAT ) and glutathione reductase ( GR ) activities during the slow growth phase . 
Chronic exposure to oxyfluorfen led to slight variations in AEA , however , the ranges of variability of AEA in controls and exposed communities were similar , highlighting the difficulty of a direct interpretation of AEA values . 
After 5 weeks of exposure to oxyfluorfen , no clear effects were observed on chl-a concentration or on the composition of other pigments suggesting that algal group composition was not affected . 
Eukaryotic communities were structured clearly by toxicant concentration and both eukaryotic and bacterial richness were reduced in communities exposed to the highest concentration . 
In addition , during acute exposure tests performed at the end of the chronic exposure , biofilms chronically exposed to 75 and 150μgL ( -1 ) oxyfluorfen showed a higher CAT activity than controls . 
Chronic exposure to oxyfluorfen provoked then structural changes but also functional changes in the capacity of biofilm CAT activity to respond to a sudden increase in concentration , suggesting a selection of species with higher antioxidant capacity . 
This study highlighted the difficulty of interpretation of AEA values due to their temporal variation and to the absence of absolute threshold value indicative of oxidative stress induced by contaminants . 
Nevertheless , the determination of AEA pattern throughout acute exposure test is of high interest to compare oxidative stress levels undergone by different biofilm communities and thus determine their antioxidant capacity . Intracerebroventricular administration of SMS 201-995 ( 5 micrograms / rat ) , a somatostatin analogue , induced barrel rotation in rats . 
Pretreatment with ceruletide ( 40 micrograms / 100 g b . 
wt . 
, IP ) 3 days or 7 days prior to the injection of SMS 201-995 significantly inhibited the response rate of barrel rotation induced by SMS 201-995 , but not that induced by arginine-vasopressin ( 1 microgram / rat , ICV ) . 
The suppressive effect of ceruletide on barrel rotation could be partially countered by MK-329 , a selective peripheral CCK ( CCK-A ) receptor antagonist . 
Desulfated cerulein did not affect the barrel rotation induced by SMS 201-995 . 
These findings suggest that ceruletide specifically suppresses the barrel rotation evoked by SMS 201-995 in a long-lasting manner possibly acting through CCK-A receptor . Binding site of amiloride to urokinase plasminogen activator depends on species . Agonist actions of dihydroergotamine at 5-HT2B and 5-HT2C receptors and their possible relevance to antimigraine efficacy . Clomipramine enhances the cortisol response to 5-HTP : implications for the therapeutic role of 5-HT2 receptors . A novel hyaluronan-binding protein ( PHBP ) was purified from human plasma by affinity chromatography on hyaluronan-conjugated Sepharose . 
The contaminating IgM and albumin in the partially purified preparation were removed with anti-IgG antibody-conjugated Sepharose and anti-albumin antibody-conjugated Sepharose , respectively , and no other contaminant was observed . 
Finally , 800 micrograms of PHBP was isolated from 500 ml of human plasma . 
PHBP gave a single 70-kDa band on SDS-PAGE under non-reducing conditions , and 50-kDa and 17-kDa bands under reducing conditions . 
Thus , PHBP was a heterodimer composed of 50-kDa and 17-kDa subunits , bridged by a disulfide linkage . 
Both subunits had novel N-terminal amino acid sequences , indicating that PHBP was a novel hyaluronan-binding protein in human plasma . 
The amino acid sequence deduced from the nucleotide sequence of the cloned PHBP cDNA exhibited significant homology to that of hepatocyte growth factor activator ( HGFA ) . 
The results of Northern blot analysis indicated that liver , kidney , and pancreas expressed PHBP mRNA . 
The predicted structure of PHBP showed three epidermal growth factor ( EGF ) domains , a kringle domain and a serine protease domain , from its N-terminus , although HGFA has a fibronectin type II domain , an EGF domain , a fibronectin type I domain , an EGF domain , a kringle domain , and a serine protease domain , from its N-terminus . Aryl hydrocarbon receptor-mediated disruption of contact inhibition is associated with connexin43 downregulation and inhibition of gap junctional intercellular communication . Further insights into the effect of quinidine in short QT syndrome caused by a mutation in HERG . Design , synthesis and structure-activity relationship of new arginine vasopressin analogues containing proline derivatives in position 2 . Characteristics of signalling properties mediated by long-acting insulin analogue glargine and detemir in target cells of insulin . Denileukin diftitox ( Ontak ) is a novel recombinant fusion protein consisting of peptide sequences for the enzymatically active and membrane translocation domain of diphtheria toxin linked to human IL-2 . 
Denileukin diftitox specifically binds to IL-2 receptors on the cell membrane , is internalized via receptor-mediated endocytosis and inhibits protein synthesis by ADP ribosylation of elongation factor 2 , resulting in cell death . 
This article focuses on the clinical trial that led to the US FDA approval of the drug for cutaneous T-cell lymphoma in 1999 , and other investigational studies for hematologic malignancies , recurrent and refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia , non-Hodgkin B-cell lymphoma , graft-versus-host disease and autoimmune disease , demonstrating the activity and adverse effects of the drug . Nicotine caused a contraction of the rat coronary artery in the presence of Nomega-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester ( L-NAME ) and arachidonic acid , and did not in the absence of these agents . 
The present experiments were undertaken to pharmacologically characterize the nicotine-induced contraction in ring preparations of the rat coronary artery . 
The contraction was abolished by chemical removal of endothelium saponin . 
Oxygen radical scavengers , superoxide dismutase and catalase , significantly attenuated the contraction . 
Cyclooxygenase-1 ( COX-1 ) inhibitors ( flurbiprofen , ketoprofen and ketrolack ) attenuated the nicotine-induced contraction in a concentration-dependent manner , and cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) inhibitors at high concentrations ( nimesulide and NS-389 ) slightly attenuated the contraction . 
A TXA2 synthetase inhibitor ( OKY-046 ) attenuated the contraction to a small extent only at high concentrations . 
A TXA2 receptor antagonist ( S-1452 ) attenuated the contraction in a concentration-dependent manner . 
A nicotinic receptor antagonist ( hexamethonium ) attenuated the contraction in part and an alpha-adrenoceptor antagonist ( prazosin ) nearly abolished the contraction . 
From these results , it was suggested that the contraction induced by nicotine in the rat coronary artery in the presence of L-NAME and arachidonic acid is endothelium dependent , and involves reactive oxygen species and endothelial COX-1 metabolites of arachidonic acid . 
Part of the contraction is probably due to release of norepinephrine . Resveratrol inhibits proliferation , angiogenesis and induces apoptosis in colon cancer cells : Calorie restriction is the force to the cytotoxicity . Myotonic dystrophy type 1 ( DM1 ) is caused by an expanded CUG repeat ( CUG ( exp ) ) that sequesters muscleblind-like 1 protein ( MBNL1 ) , a protein that regulates alternative splicing . 
CUG ( exp ) RNA is a validated drug target for this currently untreatable disease . 
Herein , we develop a bioactive small molecule ( 1 ) that targets CUG ( exp ) RNA and is able to inhibit the CUG ( exp ) ·MBNL1 interaction in cells that model DM1 . 
The core of this small molecule is based on ligand 2 , which was previously reported to be active in an in vitro assay . 
A polyamine-derivative side chain was conjugated to this core to make it aqueous-soluble and cell-penetrable . 
In a DM1 cell model this conjugate was found to disperse CUG ( exp ) ribonuclear foci , release MBNL1 , and partially reverse the mis-splicing of the insulin receptor pre-mRNA . 
Direct evidence for ribonuclear foci dispersion by this ligand was obtained in a live DM1 cell model using time-lapse confocal microscopy . Herein , we report the antioxidant properties of some selected substituted 2-indolyl carbohydrazides ( JL34 , JL40 , JL71 , JL87 , JL317 , JL432 , JL436 ) , the substituted 3-indolyl carbohydrazide JL344 , 3- ( 3-hydrazinylpropyl ) -1H-indole ( JL72 ) and 3- ( 1H-indol-3-yl ) propanehydrazide ( JL418 ) , throughout the assessment of their antioxidative potential using different antioxidant assays such as DPPH , lipid peroxidation in the APPH , or the DMSO method . 
We conclude that these compounds are convenient templates for the design of useful drugs in to treat Alzheimer's disease ( AD ) , a pathology characterized by extensive oxidative stress and inflammation , thus essentially affected by reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) . 
Most of them are potent hydroxyl radical scavengers and inhibit in vitro lipid peroxidation . 
Compounds JL40 and JL432 presenting higher lipoxygenase inhibitory activity among the tested derivatives , were found to present a promising anti-inflammatory in vivo result , as well as antioxidant and LOX inhibitory profile . 
These results in combination to their known AChE / BuChE inhibitory activities led us to propose these indolyl carbohydrazides as new multifunctional compounds against AD . AZD2171 : a highly potent , orally bioavailable , vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-2 tyrosine kinase inhibitor for the treatment of cancer . Background : Although thyroid diseases exist in patients with renal failure , thyroid function tests are not routine tests in patients on chronic hemodialysis ( HD ) . 
Therefore , the impact of thyroid diseases on erythropoietin ( EPO ) dosage in HD patients is not well defined . 
This study evaluated the relationship between the dose of EPO and the presence or absence of thyroid dysfunction in HD patients . 
Methods : This study included 1013 adult patients on HD who did not have a malignancy , liver cirrhosis , thalassemia , iron deficiency , gastrointestinal bleeding , or a major operation within 6 months . 
Patients were characterized as being euthyroid , or having the sick euthyroid syndrome , primary hypothyroidism , subclinical hypothyroidism , hyperthyroidism , or subclinical hyperthyroidism based on thyroid function tests . 
Routine biochemistry profiles including an index of the efficiency of HD , along with clinical data over the previous 6-month period , were collected and analyzed . 
Multiple regression models were employed to assess the relationship between the dose of EPO and the presence or absence of thyroid status . 
Results : The mean monthly EPO dosages were 77 . 7±37 . 0 , 70 . 2±40 . 6 , 90 . 8±68 . 4 , 78 . 5±46 . 7 , and 82 . 3±41 . 2 μg , respectively , in the sick euthyroid syndrome , euthyroid patients , hypothyroidism , subclinical hypothyroidism , and subclinical hyperthyroidism groups ( p<0 . 05 ) . 
After adjustment of all other variables in multiple regression , the mean monthly EPO dosage was 19 . 00±8 . 59 μg more in hypothyroid patients compared with euthyroid patients ( p = 0 . 027 ) . 
Further , considering an interaction with the presence of diabetes , the mean monthly EPO dosage in patients with either hypothyroidism or subclinical hypothyroidism and diabetes was 54 . 66±17 . 12 μg ( p = 0 . 001 ) and 31 . 51±10 . 38 μg more than that of euthyroid patients , respectively ( p = 0 . 002 ) . 
Conclusions : In HD patients , the EPO dosage required to maintain the target hemoglobin level is significantly higher in patients having both hypothyroidism or subclinical hypothyroidism and diabetes than in euthyroid patients . Rivastigmine for Alzheimer's disease . Patients with advanced systemic mastocytosis , including mast cell leukemia , have a poor prognosis . 
In these patients , neoplastic mast cells usually harbor the KIT mutant D816V that confers resistance against tyrosine kinase inhibitors . 
We examined the effects of the multi-kinase blocker ponatinib on neoplastic mast cells and investigated whether ponatinib acts synergistically with other antineoplastic drugs . 
Ponatinib was found to inhibit the kinase activity of KIT G560V and KIT D816V in the human mast cell leukemia cell line HMC-1 . 
In addition , ponatinib was found to block Lyn- and STAT5 activity in neoplastic mast cells . 
Ponatinib induced growth inhibition and apoptosis in HMC-1 . 1 cells ( KIT G560V ( + ) ) and HMC-1 . 2 cells ( KIT G560V ( + ) / KIT D816V ( + ) ) as well as in primary neoplastic mast cells . 
The effects of ponatinib were dose-dependent , but higher IC50-values were obtained in HMC-1 cells harboring KIT D816V than in those lacking KIT D816V . 
In drug combination experiments , ponatinib was found to synergize with midostaurin in producing growth inhibition and apoptosis in HMC-1 cells and primary neoplastic mast cells . 
The ponatinib + midostaurin combination induced substantial inhibition of KIT- , Lyn- , and STAT5 activity , but did not suppress Btk . 
We then applied a Btk short interfering RNA and found that Btk knockdown sensitizes HMC-1 cells against ponatinib . 
Finally , we were able to show that ponatinib synergizes with the Btk-targeting drug dasatinib to produce growth inhibition in HMC-1 cells . 
In conclusion , ponatinib exerts major growth-inhibitory effects on neoplastic mast cells in advanced systemic mastocytosis and synergizes with midostaurin and dasatinib in inducing growth arrest in neoplastic mast cells . The aim of this work was to examine the chemical constituents and antioxidant potential of water-soluble fractions from the commonly consumed vegetable , Allium vineale . 
The water-soluble fraction , containing phenolic compounds , was extracted with ethyl acetate to obtain flavonoids which were separated and purified by repeated column chromatography over Sephadex LH-20 , RP C18 and silica gel . 
The isolated compounds were identified according to their physicochemical properties and spectral data ( UV , HPLC-TOF / MS , ( 1 ) H NMR , ( 13 ) C NMR and 2D NMR ) . 
Three flavonoids were isolated and identified as chrysoeriol-7-O- [ 2″-O-E-feruloyl ] -β-d-glucoside ( 1 ) , chrysoeriol ( 2 ) , and isorhamnetin-3-β-d-glucoside ( 3 ) . 
Antioxidant studies of the aqueous extract and three isolated compounds , 1 , 2 , 3 , were undertaken and they were found to have significant antioxidant activity . 
Antioxidant activities were evaluated for total antioxidant activity by the ferric thiocyanate method , ferric ion ( Fe ( 3 + ) ) reducing antioxidant power assay ( FRAP ) , ferrous ion ( Fe ( 2 + ) ) metal chelating activity , and DPPH free radical-scavenging activity . 
The water-soluble ethyl acetate and methanol extraction methods were also compared using HPLC-TOF / MS . The molecular bases for phosphodiesterase 5 ( PDE5 ) catalytic-site affinity for cyclic guanosine monophosphate ( cGMP ) and potency of inhibitors are poorly understood . 
Cocrystal structures of PDE5 catalytic ( C ) domain with inhibitors reveal a hydrogen bond and hydrophobic interactions with Tyr-612 , hydrogen bonds with Gln-817 , a hydrophobic clamp formed by Phe-820 and Val-782 , and contacts with His-613 , Leu-765 , and Phe-786 [ Sung et al . 
( 2003 ) Nature 425 , 98-102; Huai et al . 
( 2004 ) J . 
Biol . 
Chem . 
279 , 13095-13101 ] . 
Present results of point mutations of full-length PDE5 showed that maximum catalysis was decreased 2650-fold in H613A and 55-fold in F820A . 
Catalytic-site affinities for cGMP , vardenafil , sildenafil , tadalafil , or 3-isobutyl-1-methylxanthine ( IBMX ) were respectively weakened 14- , 123- , 30- , 51- , and 43-fold for Y612A; 63- , 511- , 43- , 95- and 61-fold for Q817A; and 59- , 448- , 71- , 137- , and 93-fold for F820A . 
The data indicate that these three amino acids are major determinants of affinity for cGMP and potency of selective and nonselective inhibitors , and that higher vardenafil potency over sildenafil and tadalafil results from stronger contacts with Tyr-612 , Gln-817 , and Phe-820 . 
Affinity of V782A for cGMP , vardenafil , sildenafil , tadalafil , or IBMX was reduced 5 . 5- , 23- , 10- , 3- , and 12-fold , respectively . 
Change in affinity for cGMP , vardenafil , sildenafil , or IBMX in Y612F , H613A , L765A , or F786A was less , but affinity of H613A or F786A for tadalafil was weakened 37- and 17-fold , respectively . 
The results quantify the role of PDE5 catalytic-site residues for cGMP and inhibitors , indicate that Tyr-612 , Gln-817 , and Phe-820 are the most important cGMP or inhibitor contacts studied , and identify residues that contribute to selectivity among different classes of inhibitors . 14C-N-Ethylmaleimide-S-cysteinylglycine was used to investigate the role of dehydropeptidase-I in the metabolism of glutathione conjugates . 
The dipeptide was rapidly hydrolyzed to 14C-N-ethylmaleimide-S-cysteine in isolated rat renal cells , and subsequently acetylated to 14C-N-ethylmaleimide-S-N-acetylcysteine . 
Cilastatin , a specific inhibitor of dehydropeptidase-I , strongly inhibited the hydrolysis of the dipeptide by the isolated cells . 
In rat kidney homogenates , the marked inhibitory effect of cilastatin was also observed on the hydrolysis of cystinyl-bis-glycine and leukotriene D4 , which are dipeptide intermediates in the biotransformation of oxidized glutathione and endogenous glutathione conjugate , respectively . 
In contrast , the inhibitory effect of bestatin , a potent inhibitor of aminopeptidase-M , was much smaller than that of cilastatin on the hydrolysis of these dipeptides by the renal cells and homogenates . 
These results suggest that dehydropeptidase-I plays a more important role in the metabolism of glutathione and its conjugates than aminopeptidase-M does . SPACRCAN , a novel human interphotoreceptor matrix hyaluronan-binding proteoglycan synthesized by photoreceptors and pinealocytes . Beta-glucogallin reduces the expression of lipopolysaccharide-induced inflammatory markers by inhibition of aldose reductase in murine macrophages and ocular tissues . In clinical cardiology , resort has recently been made to molecular genetics in order to explain some mechanisms that underlie sudden cardiac death in young people with structurally normal hearts . 
It has become evident that genetic mutations regarding cardiac ion channels may disrupt the delicate balance of currents in the action potential , thus inducing malignant ventricular tachyarrhythmias . 
The cardiac sodium channel gene , SCN5A , is involved in two of such arrhythmogenic diseases , the Brugada syndrome and one form of the long QT syndrome ( LQT3 ) . 
It is believed that these syndromes result from opposite molecular effects : Brugada syndrome mutations cause a reduced sodium current , while LQT3 mutations are associated with a gain of function . 
The effects of class I antiarrhythmic drugs have been used to differentiate these diseases . 
Intravenous flecainide is used as a highly specific test to unmask the electrocardiographic phenotype of the Brugada syndrome . 
On the other hand , on the basis of experimental and clinical studies , the possibility that the same drugs act as a gene-specific therapy in this disorder by contrasting the effect of mutations in LQT3 has been explored . 
Recent evidence shows that phenotypic overlap may exist between the Brugada syndrome and LQT3 . 
One large family with a SCN5A mutation and a "mixed" electrocardiographic pattern ( prolonged QT interval and ST-segment elevation ) has been reported . 
Moreover , our recent data showed that flecainide challenge may elicit ST-segment elevation in some LQT3 patients . 
The presence of "intermediate" phenotypes highlights a remarkable heterogeneity suggesting that clinical features may depend upon the single mutation . 
Only deepened understanding of the genotype-phenotype correlation will allow the definition of the individual patient's risk and the development of guidelines for clinical management . Regulation of a viral proteinase by a peptide and DNA in one-dimensional space : II . 
adenovirus proteinase is activated in an unusual one-dimensional biochemical reaction . A new intermediate resolution model for phospholipids , LIME , designed for use with discontinuous molecular dynamics ( DMD ) simulations is presented . 
The implicit-solvent model was developed using a multiscale modeling approach in which the geometric and energetic parameters are obtained by collecting data from atomistic simulations of a system composed of 1 , 2-dipalmitoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine ( DPPC ) molecules and explicit water . 
In the model , 14 coarse-grained sites that are classified as 1 of 6 types represent DPPC . 
DMD simulations performed on a random solution of DPPC resulted in the formation of a defect-free bilayer in less than 4 h . 
The bilayer formed quantitatively reproduces the main structural properties ( e . 
g . 
, area per lipid , bilayer thickness , bond order parameters ) that are observed experimentally . 
In addition , the bilayer transitions from a liquid-crystalline phase to a tilted gel phase when the temperature is reduced . 
Transbilayer movement of a lipid from the bottom leaflet to the top leaflet is observed when the temperature is increased . Ca2 + Activation kinetics of the two aspartate-glutamate mitochondrial carriers , aralar and citrin : role in the heart malate-aspartate NADH shuttle . The subfamily Phyllomedusinae has attracted a great interest of many researchers mainly due to the high diversity of these frog species and plethora of pharmacological activities frequently observed for their skin secretions . 
Despite of this fact , mainly for new species , limited information is available regarding the molecular composition of these skin secretions and the cellular components involved in their production . 
Phyllomedusa nordestina is a recently described Brazilian frog species also popularly known as 'tree-frogs' . 
Aiming at contributing to the biological knowledge of this species , we show here the gene expression profile of this frog skin secretion using a global ESTs analysis of a cDNA library . 
The marked aspect of this analysis revealed a significant higher transcriptional level of the opioid peptide dermorphins in P . 
nordestina skin secretion than in Phyllomedusa hypochondrialis , which is its closest related species , belonging both to the same phylogenetic group . 
Precursors of bioactive peptides as dermaseptins , phylloseptins , tryptophyllins , and bradykinin-like peptideswere also found in this library . 
Transcripts encoding proteins related to ordinary cellular functions and pathways were also described . 
Some of them are chiefly involved in the production of the skin secretion . 
Taken together , the data reported here constitute a contribution to the characterization of the molecular diversity of gene-encoded polypeptides with potential possibility of pharmacological exploitation . 
The transcriptional composition of the skin secretion may also help to give the necessary support for the definition of P . 
nordestina as a new species , which actually relies basically on frog morphological characteristics and geographical distribution . Anti-inflammatory effect of prunetin via the suppression of NF-κB pathway . Identification of a primary target of thalidomide teratogenicity . A structure-activity relationship of the 3- and 6-positions of the pyrazolo [ 1 , 5-a ] pyrimidine scaffold of the known BMP inhibitors dorsomorphin , 1 , LDN-193189 , 2 , and DMH1 , 3 , led to the identification of a potent and selective compound for ALK2 versus ALK3 . 
The potency contributions of several 3-position substituents were evaluated with subtle structural changes leading to significant changes in potency . 
From these studies , a novel 5-quinoline molecule was identified and designated an MLPCN probe molecule , ML347 , which shows >300-fold selectivity for ALK2 and presents the community with a selective molecular probe for further biological evaluation . Correlation between activation of PPARγ and resistin downregulation in a mouse adipocyte cell line by a series of thiazolidinediones . Synthesis , characterization , and cure chemistry of renewable bis ( cyanate ) esters derived from 2-methoxy-4-methylphenol . Haploinsufficiency of Progranulin ( PGRN ) , a gene encoding a secreted glycoprotein , is a major cause of frontotemporal lobar degeneration with ubiquitin ( FTLD-U ) positive inclusions . 
Single nucleotide polymorphisms in the TMEM106B gene were recently discovered as a risk factor for FTLD-U , especially in patients with PGRN mutations . 
TMEM106B is also associated with cognitive impairment in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis patients . 
Despite these studies , little is known about TMEM106B at molecular and cellular levels and how TMEM106B contributes to FTLD . 
Here , we show that TMEM106B is localized in the late endosome / lysosome compartments and TMEM106B levels are regulated by lysosomal activities . 
Ectopic expression of TMEM106B induces morphologic changes of lysosome compartments and delays the degradation of endocytic cargoes by the endolysosomal pathway . 
Furthermore , overexpression of TMEM106B correlates with elevated levels of PGRN , possibly by attenuating lysosomal degradation of PGRN . 
These results shed light on the cellular functions of TMEM106B and the roles of TMEM106B in the pathogenesis of FTLD-U with PGRN mutations . Argininosuccinate synthetase ( ASS , EC 6 . 3 . 4 . 5 ) catalyses the condensation of citrulline and aspartate to form argininosuccinate , the immediate precursor of arginine . 
First identified in the liver as the limiting enzyme of the urea cycle , ASS is now recognized as a ubiquitous enzyme in mammalian tissues . 
Indeed , discovery of the citrulline-NO cycle has increased interest in this enzyme that was found to represent a potential limiting step in NO synthesis . 
Depending on arginine utilization , location and regulation of ASS are quite different . 
In the liver , where arginine is hydrolyzed to form urea and ornithine , the ASS gene is highly expressed , and hormones and nutrients constitute the major regulating factors : ( a ) glucocorticoids , glucagon and insulin , particularly , control the expression of this gene both during development and adult life; ( b ) dietary protein intake stimulates ASS gene expression , with a particular efficiency of specific amino acids like glutamine . 
In contrast , in NO-producing cells , where arginine is the direct substrate in the NO synthesis , ASS gene is expressed at a low level and in this way , proinflammatory signals constitute the main factors of regulation of the gene expression . 
In most cases , regulation of ASS gene expression is exerted at a transcriptional level , but molecular mechanisms are still poorly understood . OBJECTIVES : To compare the effectivenesses of three phenytoin-loading techniques . 
METHODS : Patients with subtherapeutic phenytoin concentrations who presented within 48 hours of a seizure were randomized to receive either 20 mg / kg of oral phenytoin ( PO ) , divided in maximum doses of 400 mg every two hours , 18 mg / kg of intravenous phenytoin ( IVP ) at an initial infusion rate of 50 mg / min , or 18 mg / kg ( phenytoin equivalents ) of intravenous fosphenytoin ( IVF ) at an initial infusion rate of 150 mg / min . 
RESULTS : A total of 45 patients were enrolled : 16 in the PO group , 14 in the IVP group , and 15 in the IVF group . 
The times required to reach therapeutic drug concentrations were ( mean + / - standard deviation [ SD ] ) 5 . 62 + / - 0 . 28 hours , 0 . 24 + / - 0 . 3 hours , and 0 . 21 + / - 0 . 28 hours , respectively . 
A total of 17 , 27 , and 32 adverse drug events were observed in the PO , IVP , and IVF groups , respectively , with significantly fewer events in the PO group ( p = 0 . 02 , p = 0 . 01 ) . 
No significant difference was found between the numbers of necessary adjustments to the infusions in the two IV groups . 
The average time to safe emergency department discharge was significantly shorter for the IV groups compared with the PO group ( p < 0 . 001 ) . 
CONCLUSIONS : Oral loading has fewer adverse drug events than either IV loading method , but its use may be limited when therapeutic concentrations are required quickly . 
Although IVF loading is faster , from an adverse-drug event perspective , no advantage of IVF over IVP was apparent . The phenomenon of tumor-associated proteolysis has been acknowledged as a decisive step in the progression of cancer . 
This short review focuses on the urokinase receptor ( u-PAR ) , a central molecule involved in tumor-associated invasion and metastasis , and summarizes the transcriptional regulation of u-PAR . 
The urokinase receptor ( u-PAR ) is a heavily glycosylated cell surface protein and binds the serine protease urokinase specifically and with high affinity . 
It consists of three similar cysteine-rich repeats and is anchored to the cell membrane via a GPI-anchor . 
The u-PAR gene comprises 7 exons and is located on chromosome 19q13 . 
Transcriptional activation of the u-PAR promoter region can be induced by binding of transcription factors ( Sp1 , AP-1 , AP-2 , NF-kappa B ) . 
One current study gives an example for transcriptional downregulation of u-PAR through a PEA3 / ets transcriptional silencing element . 
Knowledge of the molecular regulation of this molecule in tumor cells could be very important for diagnosis and therapy in the near future . Intercellular adhesion molecule-2 is involved in apical ectoplasmic specialization dynamics during spermatogenesis in the rat . Tamibarotene . Aldosterone plays a major role in regulating sodium and potassium homeostasis , and blood pressure . 
More recently aldosterone has emerged as a key hormone in mediating end organ damage . 
In extreme cases , dysregulated aldosterone production leads to primary aldosteronism , the most common form of secondary hypertension . 
However , even within the physiological range , high levels of aldosterone are associated with an increased risk of developing hypertension over time . 
Primary aldosteronism represents the most common and curable form of hypertension , with a prevalence that increases with the severity of hypertension . 
Although genetic causes underlying glucocorticoid remediable aldosteronism , one of the three Mendelian forms of primary aldosteronism , were established some time ago , somatic and inherited mutations in the potassium channel GIRK4 have only recently been implicated in the formation of aldosterone producing adenoma and in familial hyperaldosteronism type 3 . 
Moreover , recent findings have identified somatic mutations in two additional genes , involved in maintaining intracellular ionic homeostasis and cell membrane potential , in a subset of aldosterone producing adenoma . 
This review summarizes our current knowledge on the genetic determinants that contribute to variations in plasma aldosterone and renin levels in the general population , and the genetics of familial and sporadic primary aldosteronism . 
Various animal models that have significantly improved our understanding of the pathophysiology of excess aldosterone production will also be discussed . 
Finally , we will outline the cardiovascular , renal and metabolic consequences of mineralocorticoid excess beyond blood pressure regulation . Over the past 20 years , studies of transient receptor potential ( TRP ) channels have significantly extended our knowledge regarding the molecular basis of Ca2 + signals in cardiac myocytes . 
The functional significance of cardiac TRP channels is likely connected to the alteration of membrane potential or Ca2 + entry into a noncontractile compartment , where gene expression responsible for various cardiac diseases is induced . 
This review highlights some aspects of TRP channels with anticipated roles in cardiac disease . 
Evidence suggests that ( a ) increased activities of TRPC1 , TRPC3 , or TRPC6 are involved in the development of cardiac hypertrophy , where these TRPC channels act as unique sensors for a wide range of hypertrophic stimuli , and ( b ) mutations in TRPM4 are now recognized as causes of human cardiac conduction disorders . 
Ultimately , TRP channels may become novel pharmacological targets in the treatment of human cardiac disease . Delivery of definable number of drug or growth factor loaded poly ( dl-lactic acid-co-glycolic acid ) microparticles within human embryonic stem cell derived aggregates . Retigabine , a novel anti-convulsant , enhances activation of KCNQ2 / Q3 potassium channels . This study investigated the glucose uptake activity of the water extracts from the leaves and fruit of edible Myrtaceae plants , including guava ( Psidium guajava Linn . 
) , wax apples [ Syzygium samarangense ( Blume ) Merr . 
and L . 
M . 
Perry ] , Pu-Tau [ Syzygium jambo ( L . 
) Alston ] , and Kan-Shi Pu-Tau ( Syzygium cumini Linn . 
) in FL83B mouse hepatocytes . 
The fluorescent dye 2- ( n- ( 7-nitrobenz-2-oxa-1 , 3-diazol-4-yl ) amino ) -2-deoxyglucose was used to estimate the uptake ability of the cells . 
Glucose uptake test showed that pink wax apple fruit extract ( PWFE ) exhibits the highest glucose uptake activity , at an increment of 21% in the insulin-resistant FL83B mouse hepatocytes as compared with the TNF-α-treated control group . 
Vescalagin was isolated using column chromatography of PWFE . 
This compound , at the concentration of 6 . 25 µg / mL , exhibits the same glucose uptake improvement in insulin-resistant cells as PWFE at a 100-µg / mL dose . 
We postulate that vescalagin is an active component in PWFE that may alleviate the insulin resistance in mouse hepatocytes . We performed a study in spontaneous hypertensive rats ( SHR ) to determine whether carvedilol , a nonselective beta-adrenoceptor antagonist , activates capsaicin-sensitive sensory neurons ( CSSNs ) , thereby promoting the release of calcitonin gene-related peptide ( CGRP ) , a neuropeptide with an important role in maintenance of cardiovascular homeostasis . 
Carvedilol given intravenously at a dose of 0 . 3 mg / kg transiently decreased the mean arterial blood pressure ( MABP ) and increased renal tissue blood flow with increases in CGRP levels in plasma and kidney . 
These effects induced by carvedilol were not seen in animals pretreated with capsazepine , an antagonist of capsaicin . 
Although 1 . 0 mg / kg cavedilol markedly decreased MABP , it neither increased renal tissue blood flow nor CGRP levels in plasma and kidney . 
Prazosin , a selective alpha ( 1 ) -adrenoceptor antagonist , and bisoprolol , a selective beta ( 1 ) -adrenoceptor antagonist , decreased MABP with capsazepine , showing no antagonistic action in either cases , and these agents increased neither renal tissue blood flow nor levels of CGRP in plasma and kidney . 
Both ICI 118 , 551 [ ( + / - ) -1- [ 2 , 3- ( dihydro-7-methyl-1H-inden-4-yl ) oxy ] -3- [ ( 1-methylethyl ) amino ] -2-but anol ] , a selective beta ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor antagonist , at a dose of 0 . 25 mg / kg and capsaicin mimicked effects induced by 0 . 3 mg / kg carvedilol . 
Administration of 1 . 0 mg / kg ICI 118 , 551 produced effects similar to those induced by 1 . 0 mg / kg carvedilol . 
These observations strongly suggested that the low dose of carvedilol might activate CSSNs in SHR to increase the release of CGRP , thereby decreasing blood pressure with an increase in renal tissue blood flow . 
The effects induced by carvedilol seemed to be mediated by its beta ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor blockade activity . Cells respond to physiological stress by phosphorylating the alpha subunit of the translation initiation factor eIF2 . 
This adaptive response inhibits protein synthesis and up-regulates genes essential for cell survival . 
Cat-1 , the transporter for the essential amino acids , arginine and lysine , is one of the up-regulated genes . 
We previously showed that stress increases cat-1 expression by coordinated stabilization of the mRNA and increased mRNA translation . 
This induction is triggered by amino acid depletion and the unfolded protein response ( UPR ) , which is caused by unfolded proteins in the endoplasmic reticulum . 
We show here that cat-1 gene transcription is also increased by cellular stress . 
Our studies demonstrate that the cat-1 gene promoter / regulatory region is TATA-less and is located in a region that includes 94 bases of the first exon . 
Transcription from this promoter is stimulated 8-fold by cellular stress . 
An amino acid response element within the first exon is shown to be required for the response to amino acid depletion but not to the UPR . 
The stimulation of transcription by amino acid depletion requires activation of GCN2 kinase , which phosphorylates eIF2alpha . 
This phosphorylation also induces translation of the cat-1 mRNA , demonstrating that stress-induced transcriptional and translational control of cat-1 are downstream targets of a signaling pathway initiating with eIF2alpha phosphorylation . 
Our studies show that the increase in cat-1 gene expression by cellular stress involves at least three types of coordinate regulation : regulation of transcription , regulation of mRNA stability , and regulation of mRNA translation . BACKGROUND : Because of the adverse characteristics associated with heparin , direct antagonists of thrombin have been investigated as anticoagulants during percutaneous coronary interventions . 
However , the hematologic and clinical interactions between direct thrombin antagonists and inhibitors of platelet glycoprotein IIb-IIIa are incompletely explored . 
METHODS : Forty-two patients who underwent elective percutaneous coronary intervention were randomized to receive a bivalirudin 1 . 0 mg / kg bolus followed by a 4-hour infusion at 2 . 5 mg / kg / h; a bivalirudin 0 . 75 mg / kg bolus followed by a 4-hour infusion at 1 . 75 mg / kg; or a heparin 60 U / kg bolus . 
All the patients also received eptifibatide , given as 2 sequential boluses of 180 microg / kg followed by a 2 microg / kg / min infusion for 18 to 24 hours , and aspirin . 
RESULTS : After the bolus dose of the study drug , turbidimetric platelet aggregation in response to 5 micromol / L adenosine diphosphate increased in patients assigned to heparin but not those assigned to bivalirudin . 
After eptifibatide , platelet aggregation was eliminated in all 3 treatment groups . 
The effect of heparin and the effects of both bivalirudin regimens on the formation of thrombin antithrombin complexes and prothrombin fragment 1 . 2 were comparable . 
Neither agent affected the formation of platelet-monocyte complexes or expression of CD 63 lysosomal antigen . 
There were no major bleeding events , and a single non-Q-wave myocardial infarction ( MI ) occurred in a patient treated with bivalirudin . 
CONCLUSION : These findings show the feasibility of combining the direct thrombin antagonist bivalirudin with a potent antagonist of platelet glycoprotein IIb-IIIa . 
Clinical trials are needed to assess the safety and efficacy of this combination . Metastatic renal cell carcinoma does not respond favorably to conventional treatment strategies and is not very responsive to cytokine therapy . 
Therefore , novel targeted treatment approaches have been explored for patients with renal cancer who have chemotherapy-refractory disease . 
Sorafenib ( BAY 43-9006 ) is a small-molecule inhibitor that has been shown to target members of multiple classes of tyrosine kinases that are known to be involved in tumor cell proliferation and tumor angiogenesis . 
These kinases include vascular endothelial growth factor receptor ( VEGFR ) -1 , VEGFR-2 , VEGFR-3 , platelet-derived growth factor receptor , Flt-3 , c-kit , and Raf kinases . 
Based on the significant improvement in progression-free survival , sorafenib received Food and Drug Administration approval in December 2005 for the treatment of renal cell carcinoma . 
In combination studies , sorafenib with other antitumor agents has demonstrated significant clinical activity in patients with renal cell carcinoma . 
As discussed in this mini-review , the clinical potency of sorafenib as a single agent or in combination with other antitumor agents is being evaluated in several ongoing clinical trials in patients with renal carcinoma . Advancements in understanding of the genetics , genomics , biochemistry and the pharmacology of cancer inhuman , have driven the current cancer chemotherapy to intently focus on development of target-based approaches rather than conventional approaches . 
From among the various targets identified , validated and inhibited at different hallmarks of cancer , protein tyrosine kinases ( PTKs ) have been exploited the most . 
Insulin receptors ( IRs ) , insulin like growth factor receptors ( IGF-1R ) and their hybrid receptors belong to tyrosine kinase receptor ( TKR ) family , constitute a structural homology among them and generate a growth promoting IGF system on binding with either insulin , IGF-1 or IGF-2 . 
The system induces the mitogenic effects through a torrent of cell signals produced as a result of cross talk with other growth promoting peptides and steroidal hormones , ultimately resulting in hijacking apoptosis and increasing cell proliferation and cell survival in cancer cells . 
Various strategies such as anti-IGF-1R antibodies , IGF-1 mimetic peptides , antisense strategies , IGF-1R specific peptide aptamers , targeted degradation of IGF-1R and expression of dominant negative IGF-1R mutants have been explored to inhibit the IGF-1R signaling . 
However , targeting IGF-1R with small molecules has gained considerable attention in last few years due to their ease of synthesis , ease of optimization of absorption , distribution , metabolism , excretion and toxicity ( ADMET ) parameters , oral route of administration , lesser side effects and cost effectiveness . 
The present review provides a broad overview and discusses the highlights on discoveries , SAR studies and binding interactions of small molecules with either IGF-1R active or allosteric sites reported till date . Synthesis , receptor binding and functional studies of mesoridazine stereoisomers . The identification of new molecular components of the DNA damage signaling cascade opens novel avenues to enhance the efficacy of chemotherapeutic drugs . 
High-mobility group protein 1 ( HMGB1 ) is a DNA damage sensor responsive to the incorporation of nonnatural nucleosides into DNA; several nuclear and cytosolic proteins are functionally integrated with HMGB1 in the context of DNA damage response . 
The functional role of HMGB1 and HMGB1-associated proteins ( high-mobility group protein B2 , HMGB2; glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase , GAPDH; protein disulfide isomerase family A member 3 , PDIA3; and heat shock 70 kDa protein 8 , HSPA8 ) in DNA damage response was assessed in human carcinoma cells A549 and UO31 by transient knockdown with short interfering RNAs . 
Using the cell proliferation assay , we found that knockdown of HMGB1-associated proteins resulted in 8-fold to 50-fold decreased chemosensitivity of A549 cells to cytarabine . 
Western blot analysis and immunofluorescent microscopy were used to evaluate genotoxic stress markers in knocked-down cancer cells after 24 to 72 hours of incubation with 1 micromol / L of cytarabine . 
Our results dissect the roles of HMGB1-associated proteins in DNA damage response : HMGB1 and HMGB2 facilitate p53 phosphorylation after exposure to genotoxic stress , and PDIA3 has been found essential for H2AX phosphorylation ( no gamma-H2AX accumulated after 24-72 hours of incubation with 1 micromol / L of cytarabine in PDIA3 knockdown cells ) . 
We conclude that phosphorylation of p53 and phosphorylation of H2AX occur in two distinct branches of the DNA damage response . 
These findings identify new molecular components of the DNA damage signaling cascade and provide novel promising targets for chemotherapeutic intervention . Effect of polyethylene glycol conjugation on the circulatory stability of plasma-derived human butyrylcholinesterase in mice . We report the seeded synthesis of gold nanoparticles ( GNPs ) via the reduction of HAuCl4 by ( L31 and F68 ) triblock copolymer ( TBP ) mixtures . 
In the present study , we focused on [ TBP ] / [ Au ( III ) ] ratios of 1-5 ( ≈1 mM HAuCl4 ) and seed sizes ~20 nm . 
Under these conditions , the GNP growth rate is dominated by both the TBP and seed concentrations . 
With seeding , the final GNP size distributions are bimodal . 
Increasing the seed concentration ( up to ~0 . 1 nM ) decreases the mean particle sizes 10-fold , from ~1000 to 100 nm . 
The particles in the bimodal distribution are formed by the competitive direct growth in solution and the aggregative growth on the seeds . 
By monitoring kinetics of GNP growth , we propose that ( 1 ) the surface of the GNP seeds embedded in the TBP cavities form catalytic centers for GNP growth and ( 2 ) large GNPs are formed by the aggregation of GNP seeds in an autocatalytic growth process . Breast cancer is the most common carcinoma diagnosed in women today excluding non-melanoma skin cancers . 
It has been well documented that estrogen plays a critical role in its development and is a major target for treatment . 
For many years , tamoxifen has been the gold standard for adjuvant hormonal therapy in breast cancer patients . 
With newer products targeting different mechanisms to suppress estrogen production , patients now have many decisions regarding their care . 
Agents such as luteinizing hormone releasing hormone ( LHRH ) agonists can suppress ovarian function in premenopausal patients and have been shown to be as effective and even better than chemotherapy ( CMF--cyclophosphamide , methotrexate , fluorouracil-containing regimens ) in certain patient populations . 
Tamoxifen continues to be an option as well as toremifene , a similar selective estrogen receptor modulator . 
With the advent of newer third generation aromatase inhibitors ( anastrozole , letrozole and exemestane ) toxicities have been documented to be less and in some cases they are more efficacious than the standard , tamoxifen . 
This article reviews the current data regarding ovarian suppression , ovarian suppression plus tamoxifen , tamoxifen , toremifene , anastrozole , letrozole , and exemestane in the treatment of adjuvant hormonal-sensitive breast cancer . Differential carnitine / acylcarnitine translocase expression defines distinct metabolic signatures in skeletal muscle cells . Pharmacological therapy of Cushing's syndrome : drugs and indications . The extent of calcium / calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II ( CaMKII ) inactivation in the brain following ischemia correlates with the extent of damage . 
We have previously shown that a loss of CaMKII activity in neurons is detrimental to neuronal viability by inducing excitotoxic glutamate release . 
In the current study , we extend these findings to show that the ability of astrocytes to buffer extracellular glutamate is reduced when CaMKII is inhibited . 
Furthermore , CaMKII inhibition in astrocytes is associated with the rapid onset of intracellular calcium oscillations . 
Surprisingly , this rapid calcium influx is blocked by the N-type calcium channel antagonist , omega-conotoxin . 
While the function of N-type calcium channels within astrocytes is controversial , these voltage-gated calcium channels have been linked to calcium-dependent vesicular gliotransmitter release . 
When extracellular glutamate and ATP levels are measured following CaMKII inhibition within our enriched astrocyte cultures , no alterations in glutamate levels are observed , whereas ATP levels in the extracellular environment significantly increase . 
Extracellular ATP accumulation associated with CaMKII inhibition contributes both to calcium oscillations within astrocytes and ultimately cortical neuron toxicity . 
Thus , a loss of CaMKII signaling within astrocytes dysregulates glutamate uptake and supports ATP release , two processes that would compromise neuronal survival following ischemic / excitotoxic insults . In vivo comparison of the reinforcing and dopamine transporter effects of local anesthetics in rhesus monkeys . Albiglutide : a new GLP-1 receptor agonist for the treatment of type 2 diabetes . Effect of bioactive peptide of Carapax Trionycis on TGF-β1-induced intracellular events in hepatic stellate cells . Obesity is an increasing health problem in most developed countries and its prevalence is also increasing in developing countries . 
There has been no great success with dietary means and life style modification for permanent weight loss . 
Various surgical treatment methods for obesity are now available . 
They are aimed at limiting oral energy intake with or without causing dumping or inducing selective maldigestion and malabsorption . 
Based on current literature , up to 75% of excess weight is lost by surgical treatment with concomitant disappearance of hyperlipidaemias , type 2 diabetes , hypertension or sleep apnoea . 
The main indication for operative treatment is morbid obesity ( body mass index greater than 40 kg / m2 ) or severe obesity ( body mass index > 35 kg / m2 ) with comorbidities of obesity . 
Orlistat is a new inhibitor of pancreatic lipase enzyme . 
At doses of 120 mg three times per day with meals it results in a 30% reduction in dietary fat absorption , which equals approximately 200 kcal daily energy deficit . 
In the long term , orlistat has been shown to be more effective than placebo in reducing body weight and serum total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels . 
Orlistat has a lowering effect on serum cholesterol independent of weight loss . 
Along with weight loss , orlistat also favourably affects blood pressure and glucose and insulin levels in obese individuals and in obese type 2 diabetic patients . The angiotensin II ( A-II ) type 1 ( AT1 ) receptor-mediated effects of A-II play a key role in the pathophysiology of hypertension . 
Effective inhibition of A-II is provided by the latest class of antihypertensive medications , the AT1 receptor blockers ( ARBs ) . 
These orally available agents were developed around a common imidazole-based structural core . 
The most recent member of this drug class to be approved by the Food and Drug Administration , olmesartan medoxomil , contains unique features that may explain its clinical efficacy . 
Key structural elements of olmesartan medoxomil include a hydroxyalkyl substituent at the imidazole 4-position and a hydrolyzable ester group at the imidazole 5-position . 
Inter- and intramolecular hydrogen bonding involving these groups may contribute to the potentiation of antagonist activity . 
After oral administration , olmesartan medoxomil is deesterified in the intestinal tract to produce the active metabolite olmesartan , which undergoes no additional metabolic change . 
The marked antihypertensive efficacy of olmesartan medoxomil may result from a unique pharmacological interaction of the drug with the AT1 receptor , resulting in a potent , long-lasting , dose-dependent blockade of A-II . 
This review article characterizes the structural features of olmesartan that may be responsible for its clinical efficacy . 
Inferential pharmacological studies compare and contrast the effects of olmesartan to those of other ARBs in comparable preclinical animal models . The hydroxy-carboxylic acid receptor ( HCA1 ) is a G protein-coupled receptor that is highly expressed on adipocytes and considered a potential target for the treatment of dyslipidemia . 
In the current study , we investigated the pharmacological properties of naturally occurring variants in this receptor ( H43Q , A110V , S172L , and D253H ) . 
After transient expression of these receptors into human embryonic kidney 293 cells , basal and ligand-induced signaling were assessed using luciferase reporter gene assays . 
The A110V , S172L , and D253 variants showed reduced basal activity; the S172L mutant displayed a decrease in potency to the endogenous ligand L-lactate . 
Both the S172L and D253H variants also showed impaired cell surface expression , which may in part explain the reduced activity of these receptors . 
The impact of a loss in HCA1 function on lipid accumulation was investigated in the adipocyte cell line , OP9 . 
In these cells , endogenous HCA1 transcript levels rapidly increased and reached maximal levels 3 days after the addition of differentiation media . 
Knockdown of HCA1 using siRNA resulted in an increase in lipid accumulation as assessed by quantification of Nile Red staining and TLC analysis . 
Our data suggest that lipid homeostasis may be altered in carriers of selected HCA1 missense variants . Influence of nitrogen supply on the production of higher alcohols / esters and expression of flavour-related genes in cachaça fermentation . Influence of CYP2C9 and VKORC1 1173C / T genotype on the risk of hemorrhagic complications in African-American and European-American patients on warfarin . The discovery of novel small molecules that function as antibacterial agents or cellular probes of biology is hindered by our limited understanding of bacterial physiology and our ability to assign mechanism of action . 
We previously employed a chemical genomic strategy to identify a novel small molecule , MAC13243 , as a likely inhibitor of the bacterial lipoprotein targeting chaperone , LolA . 
Here , we report on the degradation of MAC13243 into the active species , S- ( 4-chlorobenzyl ) isothiourea . 
Analogs of this compound ( e . 
g . 
, A22 ) have previously been characterized as inhibitors of the bacterial actin-like protein , MreB . 
Herein , we demonstrate that the antibacterial activity of MAC13243 and the thiourea compounds are similar; these activities are suppressed or sensitized in response to increases or decreases of LolA copy number , respectively . 
We provide STD NMR data which confirms a physical interaction between LolA and the thiourea degradation product of MAC13243 , with a Kd of ~150 μM . 
Taken together , we conclude that the thiourea series of compounds share a similar cellular mechanism that includes interaction with LolA in addition to the well-characterized target MreB . HLA-A*24 is an independent predictor of 5-year progression to diabetes in autoantibody-positive first-degree relatives of type 1 diabetic patients . Profenofos is a direct acting phosphorothioate organophosphorus ( OP ) pesticide capable of inhibiting β-esterases such as acetylcholinesterase , butyrylcholinesterase , and carboxylesterase . 
Profenofos is known to be detoxified to the biologically inactive metabolite , 4-bromo-2-chlorophenol ( BCP ) ; however , limited data are available regarding the use of urinary BCP as an exposure biomarker in humans . 
A pilot study conducted in Egyptian agriculture workers , demonstrated that urinary BCP levels prior to application ( 3 . 3-30 . 0μg / g creatinine ) were elevated to 34 . 5-3566μg / g creatinine during the time workers were applying profenofos to cotton fields . 
Subsequently , the in vitro enzymatic formation of BCP was examined using pooled human liver microsomes and recombinant human cytochrome P-450s ( CYPs ) incubated with profenofos . 
Of the nine human CYPs studied , only CYPs 3A4 , 2B6 , and 2C19 were able to metabolize profenofos to BCP . 
Kinetic studies indicated that CYP 2C19 has the lowest Km , 0 . 516μM followed by 2B6 ( Km = 1 . 02μM ) and 3A4 ( Km = 18 . 9μM ) . 
The Vmax for BCP formation was 47 . 9 , 25 . 1 , and 19 . 2nmol / min / nmol CYP for CYP2B6 , 2C19 , and 3A4 , respectively . 
Intrinsic clearance ( Vmax / Km ) values of 48 . 8 , 46 . 9 , and 1 . 02ml / min / nmol CYP 2C19 , 2B6 , and 3A4 , respectively , indicate that CYP2C19 and CYP2B6 are primarily responsible for the detoxification of profenofos . 
These findings support the use of urinary BCP as a biomarker of exposure to profenofos in humans and suggest polymorphisms in CYP 2C19 and CYP 2B6 as potential biomarkers of susceptibility . α-Amino-α´-Halomethylketones : Synthetic Methodologies and Pharmaceutical Applications as Serine and Cysteine Protease Inhibitors . Selective activation of the 5-HT1A receptor induces lower lip retraction ( LLR ) in rats . 
8-Hydroxy-dipropylamino tetralin ( 8-OH-DPAT ) -induced LLR could not be antagonised by the 5-HT antagonists methysergide , metergoline or mesulergine . 
In fact , some 5-HT antagonists induced LLR . 
However , 8-OH-DPAT-induced LLR could be antagonised by pindolol , spiperone , spiroxatrine and NAN-190 , but not by the beta 1-adrenoceptor antagonist metoprolol , the beta 2-adrenoceptor antagonist butoxamine or the dopamine antagonist haloperidol . 
This antagonism was competitive as the dose-response curve of 8-OH-DPAT was shifted to the right . 
Pindolol , spiperone , spiroxatrine and NAN-190 all have a high affinity for the 5-HT1A receptor . 
This indicates that blockade of 8-OH-DPAT-induced LLR is only possible by selective blockade of 5-HT1A receptors . 
A possible mechanism of action is discussed . 
The increased defecation induced by 8-OH-DPAT could be antagonised by pindolol and NAN-190 . 
The effect of spiroxatrine and haloperidol on the 8-OH-DPAT-induced increase in defecation was bimodal : an increase after a low and a decrease after a high dose of 8-OH-DPAT . 
Metoprolol and butoxamine had no effect on the 8-OH-DPAT-induced increase in defecation , thereby excluding an influence of beta-adrenoceptors . For three decades , clinical trials with chemotherapy in melanoma have failed to show superiority of any one regimen over another . 
Dacarbazine remains the only "standard" agent . 
With response rates of <10% and median progression-free survival of 2 months or less in contemporary trials , there is a need to improve systemic therapy . 
Combination chemotherapy is associated with higher response rates than single-agent therapy but this has not translated into improved survival . 
An increasing number of potential therapeutic targets have been identified . 
For some , pharmacologic inhibitors are available , including sorafenib for BRAF , farnesyltransferase inhibitors for NRAS , PD-0325901 for mitogen-activated protein kinase / extracellular signal-regulated kinase kinase , rapamycin analogues for mammalian target of rapamycin , and agents that inhibit either vascular endothelial growth factor or its receptors . 
Several multitargeted kinase inhibitors have potency against the fibroblast growth factor receptor , c-kit , and platelet-derived growth factor receptor . 
Small-molecule inhibitors of c-met and Akt are in preclinical development . 
Another class of agents indirectly affect aberrant signaling , including inhibitors of chaperones and proteasomes . 
Several targeted agents seem to enhance the cytotoxicity of chemotherapy in preclinical models . 
The mechanism by which signaling inhibition might synergize with chemotherapy requires more study so that rational combinations move forward . 
Very few targeted agents have been studied rigorously in this fashion . Organic anion transporting polypeptides ( OATPs ) 1B1 and 1B3 are transporters that are expressed selectively in human hepatocytes under normal conditions . 
OATP1B3 is also expressed in certain cancers . 
Flavonoids such as green tea catechins and quercetin glycosides have been shown to modulate the function of some OATPs . 
In the present study , the extent to which six substituted quercetin derivatives ( 1-6 ) affected the function of OATP1B1 and OATP1B3 was investigated . 
Uptake of the radiolabeled model substrates estradiol 17β-glucuronide , estrone 3-sulfate , and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate ( DHEAS ) was determined in the absence and presence of compounds 1-6 using Chinese hamster ovary ( CHO ) cells stably expressing either OATP1B1 or OATP1B3 . 
Several of compounds 1-6 inhibited OATP-mediated uptake of all three model substrates , suggesting that they could also be potential substrates . 
Compound 6 stimulated OATP1B3-mediated estradiol 17β-glucuronide uptake by increasing the apparent affinity of OATP1B3 for its substrate . 
Cytotoxicity assays demonstrated that epigallocatechin 3-O-gallate ( EGCG ) and most of compounds 1-6 killed preferentially OATP-expressing CHO cells . 
EGCG , 1 , and 3 were the most potent cytotoxic compounds , with EGCG and 3 selectively killing OATP1B3-expressing cells . 
Given that OATP1B3 is expressed in several cancers , EGCG and some of the quercetin derivatives studied might be promising lead compounds for the development of novel anticancer drugs . Over the last years , considerable progress has been made for the identification and characterization of drug transporters , and several modeling studies have been undertaken to predict their effects on ADME profiling . 
Thus , this study was focused on the peptide transporter hPepT2 , which influences the regional pharmacokinetics in brain , the reabsorption from renal tubular fluid and the pulmonary delivery . 
A reliable model for hPepT2 was generated by fragments based on the resolved structure of the homologue lactose permease LacY and the structure is made available as Supplementary data . 
The interaction capacities of such a model were explored by docking a set of 75 known ligands . 
Docking results underlined the predilection of hPepT2 for highly hydrophobic ligands and the key role of ionic interactions elicited by both charged termini . 
The docking results were further verified developing a pharmacophore model which clarified the key features required for an optimal hPepT2 affinity and confirmed the main factors governing the hPepT2 / hPepT1 selectivity . 
The soundness of the docking results and the agreement with the pharmacophore mapping afford an encouraging validation for the proposed hPepT2 model and suggest that it can be conveniently exploited to design peptide-like molecules with an improved affinity for this transporter . PURPOSE : Testosterone-to-estradiol ratio levels in infertile men improve during treatment with the aromatase inhibitor , testolactone , and resulting changes in semen parameters . 
We evaluated the effect of anastrozole , a more selective aromatase inhibitor , on the hormonal and semen profiles of infertile men with abnormal baseline testosterone-to-estradiol ratios . 
MATERIALS AND METHODS : A total of 140 subfertile men with abnormal testosterone-to-estradiol ratios were treated with 100 to 200 mg . 
testolactone daily or 1 mg . 
anastrozole daily . 
Changes in testosterone , estradiol , testosterone-to-estradiol ratios and semen parameters were evaluated during therapy . 
The effect of obesity , diagnosis of the Klinefelter syndrome , and presence of varicocele and / or history of varicocele repair on treatment results was studied . 
RESULTS : Men treated with testolactone had an increase in testosterone-to-estradiol ratios during therapy ( mean plus or minus standard error of the mean 5 . 3 + / - 0 . 2 versus 12 . 4 + / - 1 . 1 , p <0 . 001 ) . 
This change was confirmed in subgroups of men with the Klinefelter syndrome , a history of varicocele repair and those with varicocele . 
A total of 12 oligospermic men had semen analysis before and during testolactone treatment with an increase in sperm concentration ( 5 . 5 versus 11 . 2 million sperm per ml . 
, p <0 . 01 ) , motility ( 14 . 7% versus 21 . 0% , p <0 . 05 ) , morphology ( 6 . 5% versus 12 . 8% , p = 0 . 05 ) , and motility index ( 606 . 3 versus 1685 . 2 million motile sperm per ejaculate , respectively , p <0 . 05 ) appreciated . 
During anastrozole treatment , similar changes in the testosterone-to-estradiol ratios were seen ( 7 . 2 + / - 0 . 3 versus 18 . 1 + / - 1 . 0 , respectively , p <0 . 001 ) . 
This improvement of hormonal parameters was noted for all subgroups except those patients with the Klinefelter syndrome . 
A total of 25 oligospermic men with semen analysis before and during anastrozole treatment had an increase in semen volume ( 2 . 9 versus 3 . 5 ml . 
, p <0 . 05 ) , sperm concentration ( 5 . 5 versus 15 . 6 million sperm per ml . 
, p <0 . 001 ) and motility index ( 832 . 8 versus 2930 . 8 million motile sperm per ejaculate , respectively , p <0 . 005 ) . 
These changes were similar to those observed in men treated with testolactone . 
No significant difference in serum testosterone levels during treatment with testolactone and anastrozole was observed . 
However , the anastrozole treatment group did have a statistically better improvement of serum estradiol concentration and testosterone-to-estradiol ratios ( p <0 . 001 ) . 
CONCLUSIONS : Men who are infertile with a low serum testosterone-to-estradiol ratio can be treated with an aromatase inhibitor . 
With treatment , an increase in testosterone-to-estradiol ratio occurred in association with increased semen parameters . 
Anastrozole and testolactone have similar effects on hormonal profiles and semen analysis . 
Anastrazole appears to be at least as effective as testolactone for treating men with abnormal testosterone-to-estradiol ratios , except for the subset with the Klinefelter syndrome , who appeared to be more effectively treated with testolactone . Optimization of Non-ATP Competitive CDK / Cyclin Groove Inhibitors through REPLACE-Mediated Fragment Assembly . The role of mitochondria and biotransformation in abamectin-induced cytotoxicity in isolated rat hepatocytes . The medial prefrontal cortex ( mPFC ) has been implicated in modulating anxiety . 
However , it is unknown whether excitatory or inhibitory neurotransmission in the infralimbic ( IL ) subregion of the mPFC underlies the pathology of anxiety-related behavior . 
To address this issue , we infused the GABAA receptor ( GABAAR ) antagonist bicuculline to temporarily activate the IL cortex . 
IL cortex activation decreased the time spent in the center area in the open field test , decreased exploration of the open-arms in the elevated plus maze test , and increased the latency to bite food in the novelty-suppressed feeding test . 
These findings substantiate the GABAergic system's role in anxiety-related behaviors . 
IL cortex inactivation with the AMPA receptor ( AMPAR ) antagonist CNQX produced opposite , anxiolytic effects . 
However , infusion of the NMDA receptor ( NMDAR ) antagonist AP5 into the IL cortex had no significant effect . 
Additionally , we did not observe motor activity deficits or appetite deficits following inhibition of GABAergic or glutamatergic neurotransmission . 
Interestingly , we found parallel and corresponding electrophysiological changes in anxious mice; compared to mice with relatively low anxiety , the relatively high anxiety mice exhibited smaller evoked inhibitory postsynaptic currents ( eIPSCs ) and larger AMPA-mediated evoked excitatory postsynaptic currents ( eEPSCs ) in pyramidal neurons in the IL cortex . 
The changes of eIPSCs and eEPSCs were due to presynaptic mechanisms . 
Our results suggest that imbalances of neurotransmission in the IL cortex may cause a net increase in excitatory inputs onto pyramidal neurons , which may underlie the pathogenic mechanism of anxiety disorders . A fluorescence resonance energy transfer-based M2 muscarinic receptor sensor reveals rapid kinetics of allosteric modulation . Chemical investigation of the soft coral Sinularia maxima resulted in the isolation of seven norditerpenoids , including two new compounds , 12-hydroxy-scabrolide A ( 2 ) and 13-epi-scabrolide C ( 6 ) . 
The structures of the isolated compounds were elucidated based on extensive spectroscopic evidence including Fourier transform ion cyclotron resonance mass spectrometry ( FTICR-MS ) and both one- and two-dimensional nuclear magnetic resonance ( 1D and 2D NMR , respectively ) , in comparison with reported data . 
Compound 6 potently inhibited IL-12 and IL-6 production in LPS-stimulated bone marrow derived dendritic ( BMDCs ) with IC ( 50 ) values of 5 . 30 ± 0 . 21 and 13 . 12 ± 0 . 64 μM , respectively . 
Compound 1 exhibited moderate inhibitory activity against IL-12 and IL-6 production with IC ( 50 ) values of 23 . 52 ± 1 . 37 and 69 . 85 ± 4 . 11 μM , respectively . Soluble polysialylated NCAM : a novel player of the innate immune system in the lung . AIMS : To compare the effects of nabumetone and meloxicam , two cyclo-oxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) preferential nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( NSAIDs ) , on platelet COX-1 activity and platelet function . 
METHODS : Twelve healthy volunteers ( 3 male , 9 female , median age 22 years ) participated in an open , randomized , cross-over trial of nabumetone 1000 mg twice daily vs meloxicam 7 . 5 mg twice daily during 1 week with 2 weeks wash-out . 
After a second 2 week wash-out period , one dose of indomethacin 50 mg was given as a positive control to check for NSAID induced inhibition of platelet function . 
COX-1 inhibition was measured as percentage inhibition of serum TXB2 generation in clotting whole blood , and as closure time with use of the platelet function analyser PFA-100 . 
Data are reported as median with range . 
Paired variables were analysed using Wilcoxons signed rank test . 
RESULTS : TXB2 levels decreased significantly after all three medications , but percentage inhibition after nabumetone and indomethacin ( 88% and 97% , respectively ) was significantly higher than after meloxicam ( 63% ) ( P<0 . 05 ) . 
Closure times increased significantly after administration of all three medications ( P<0 . 05 ) . 
Increases in closure time after administration did not differ between nabumetone and meloxicam ( 24% and 14% , respectively ) , but were significantly larger after indomethacin administration ( 63% ) ( P<0 . 01 ) . 
CONCLUSIONS : In the maximum registered dosage , nabumetone inhibits thromboxane production much more than meloxicam , signifying less COX-2 selectivity of the former . 
However , both nabumetone and meloxicam cause only minor impairment in platelet function in comparison with indomethacin and the difference between them is not significant . The potency of the antipsychotic drug , risperidone , to antagonize alpha 1A-adrenoceptor-mediated contraction in rat vas deferens and vasoconstriction in rat perfused kidney , and alpha 1B-adrenoceptor-mediated contractions in spleen from guinea-pig and mouse was evaluated and compared to that of alpha 1-adrenoceptor subtype-discriminating antagonists . 
Prazosin was found to be unselective; 2- ( 2 , 6-dimethoxyphenoxyethyl ) aminomethyl-1 , 4-benzodioxane ( WB 4101 ) , 5-methyl-urapidil , indoramin and ( + ) -niguldipine were confirmed as selective for the alpha 1A-adrenoceptor , whereas spiperone was weakly alpha 1B-selective . 
Risperidone was equipotent to prazosin at alpha 1A-adrenoceptors in rat vas deferens and kidney . 
However , at guinea-pig and mouse splenic alpha 1B-adrenoceptors , the affinity values of risperidone were 10-fold lower than those of prazosin . 
Thus , in functional experiments the presumed high selectivity of risperidone for the B subtype of alpha 1-adrenoceptors could not be confirmed , the drug instead appears to be moderately selective ( 10-fold ) for the A subtype . The voltage gated calcium channel family is a major target for a range of therapeutic drugs . 
Mibefradil ( Ro 40-5967 ) belongs to a new chemical class of these molecules which differs from other Ca2 + antagonists by its ability to potently block T-type Ca2 + channels . 
However , this molecule has also been shown to inhibit other Ca2 + channel subtypes . 
To further analyze the mechanism governing the Ca2 + channel-Mibefradil interaction , we examined the effect of Mibefradil on various recombinant Ca2 + channels expressed in mammalian cells from their cloned cDNAs , using Ca2 + as the permeant ion at physiological concentration . 
Expression of alpha1A , alpha1C , and alpha1E in tsA 201 cells resulted in Ca2 + currents with functional characteristics closely related to those of their native counterparts . 
Mibefradil blocked alpha1A and alpha1E with a Kd comparable to that reported for T-type channels , but had a lower affinity ( approximately 30-fold ) for alpha1C . 
For each channel , inhibition by Mibefradil was consistent with high-affinity binding to the inactivated state . 
Modulation of the voltage-dependent inactivation properties by the nature of the coexpressed beta subunit or the alpha1 splice variant altered block at the Mibefradil receptor site . 
Therefore , we conclude that the tissue and sub-cellular localization of calcium channel subunits as well as their specific associations are essential parameters to understand the in vivo effects of Mibefradil . AIMS : We evaluated the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of oral MK-462 in comparison with oral sumatriptan in healthy male volunteers . 
METHODS : Sixteen healthy male volunteers were studied in a rising , single dose , alternating panel design with eight subjects per panel . 
Matching placebo was administered to two of eight study subjects at each dose level of MK-462 in a randomized , double-blind fashion . 
RESULTS : MK-462 was rapidly absorbed with a median tmax of 1 . 3 h ( range 1-3 h ) vs a tmax for sumatriptan of 2 . 5 h ( range 1-4 h , P < 0 . 001 ) . 
Administration of either MK-462 or sumatriptan produced maximal mean elevations of 5-10 mmHg in systolic and diastolic blood pressures without effect on heart rate; the changes occurred sooner following MK-462 , consistent with more rapid absorption . 
Both MK-462 and sumatriptan provoked mild increases in serum growth hormone without any effect on serum prolactin concentrations . 
The most commonly reported symptom following MK-462 was drowsiness . 
CONCLUSIONS : These results indicate that the novel 5-HT1D agonist , MK-462 , is rapidly absorbed following oral administration and warrants further investigation of its utility in the treatment of acute migraine . Carbon nanotubes ( CNTs ) can exist in the form of colloidal suspension in aquatic environments , particularly in the presence of natural organic matter or surfactants , and may significantly affect the fate and transport of organic contaminants . 
In the present study , the authors examined the adsorption of phenanthrene , 2-naphthol , and 1-naphthylamine to three colloidal CNTs , including a stable suspension of oxidized multiwalled carbon nanotubes ( O-MWNT ) , a humic acid ( HA ) -modified colloidal O-MWNT , and a sodium dodecyl sulfate ( SDS ) -modified colloidal O-MWNT . 
All three colloidal O-MWNTs exhibit strong adsorption affinities to the three test compounds ( with K ( OC ) values orders of magnitude greater than those of natural organic matter ) , likely resulting from strong nonhydrophobic interactions such as π-π electron donor-acceptor interactions and Lewis acid-base interactions . 
When thoroughly mixed , HA ( at ∼310 mg HA / g CNT ) and SDS ( at ∼750 mg SDS / g CNT ) significantly affected the aggregation properties of O-MWNT , causing individually dispersed tubes to form a loosely entangled network . 
The effects of HA or SDS modification on adsorption are twofold . 
Adsorption of HA / SDS significantly reduces surface areas of O-MWNT; however , the entangled network allows adsorbate molecules to interact simultaneously with multiple tubes . 
An important implication is that humic substances and surfactant-like materials not only facilitate the formation of colloidal carbon nanoparticles but also affect how these colloidal carbon nanoparticles adsorb organic contaminants . Six active compounds , among previously synthesized and screened arylpiperazines , were selected and evaluated for the binding affinity to rat dopamine , serotonin and alpha ( 1 ) receptors . 
Two compounds with benztriazole group had a 5-HT ( 2A ) / D ( 2 ) binding ratio characteristic for atypical neuroleptics ( >1 , pK ( i ) values ) . 
Compound 2 , 5- [ 2- [ 4- ( 2 , 3-dimethyl-phenyl ) -piperazin-1-yl ] ethyl ] 1H-benzotriazole , expressed clozapine-like in vitro binding profile at D ( 2 ) , 5-HT ( 2A ) and alpha 1 receptors and a higher affinity for 5-HT ( 1A ) receptors than clozapine . 
Also , it exhibited the noncataleptic behavioural pattern of atypical antipsychotics and antagonized d-amphetamine-induced hyperlocomotion in rats . Metabolism of nomifensine to a dihydroisoquinolinium ion metabolite by human myeloperoxidase , hemoglobin , monoamine oxidase A , and cytochrome P450 enzymes . Acetylcholinesterase ( AChE ) inhibited by the organophosphate soman ( 1 , 2 , 2-trimethyl-propylmethylphosphonofluoridate ) rapidly becomes resistant to reactivation by oximes due to dealkylation of the soman-enzyme complex . 
This reaction is called aging . 
The effect of the four mono- and bisquaternary ammonium compounds tetramethylammonium ( TMA ) , hexamethonium , decamethonium and suxamethonium on the reactivatability of soman-inhibited , solubilized AChE from human erythrocytes was investigated in vitro . 
All compounds were reversible inhibitors of AChE; the respective dissociation constants and the type of inhibition exhibited considerable differences . 
The affinities to both the active and the allosteric site were considerably higher for suxamethonium ( Kii 81 . 3 microM; Ki 15 . 9 microM ) and decamethonium ( Kii 15 . 4 microM; Ki 4 . 4 microM ) than for TMA ( Kii 1 mM; Ki 289 . 6 microM ) and hexamethonium ( Kii 4 . 5 mM; Ki 331 . 8 microM ) . 
The reactivation experiments were performed in a four-step procedure ( soman-inhibition at 0 degree and pH 10 , aging at 37 degrees and pH 7 . 3 , reactivation by the oxime HI 6 at 37 degrees and pH 7 . 3 followed by AChE assay ) . 
After these four steps ( total duration 55 min ) , AChE was inhibited by soman to 95-100% . 
HI 6 could reactivate about 20% of the inhibited enzyme . 
All effectors increased the AChE reactivatability by HI 6 when added before aging was started . 
The maximal increase in reactivatability was higher in the presence of 1 . 6 mM suxamethonium ( + 35 . 8% ) and 150 microM decamethonium ( + 40% ) than of 22 mM TMA ( + 22 . 5% ) and 8 . 3 mM hexamethonium ( + 19 . 2% ) . 
If the effectors were added after 5 min of aging they increased the activity of soman-inhibited AChE , but to a considerably smaller extent than HI 6 . 
A good correlation of the respective Kii values and the effective concentrations of these drugs was observed , indicating that an allosteric binding site of AChE might be involved in the protective effect of these drugs . Sitagliptin . We investigated the ability of 19 recently synthesized arylpiperazine compounds to protect human SH-SY5Y neuroblastoma cells from the neurotoxin 6-hydroxydopamine ( 6-OHDA ) . 
The compound with the most potent neuroprotective action was N-{3- [ 2- ( 4-phenyl-piperazin-1-yl ) -ethyl ] -phenyl}-picolinamide ( 6b ) , which reduced 6-OHDA-induced apoptotic death through stabilization of mitochondrial membrane and subsequent prevention of superoxide production , caspase activation and DNA fragmentation . 
6-OHDA-triggered autophagic response was also reduced by 6b , which prevented inactivation of the main autophagy repressor mTOR , upregulation of pro-autophagic beclin-1 , conversion of microtubule-associated protein 1 light chain 3 ( LC3 ) -I to autophagosome-associated LC3-II , as well as intracytoplasmic acidification induced by 6-OHDA . 
The inhibition of autophagy using LC3β gene silencing or pharmacological autophagy blockers 3-methyladenine or bafilomycin A1 , mimicked the cytoprotective effect of 6b . 
While the treatment with 6b had no effect on the phosphorylation of proapoptotic MAP kinases ERK and JNK , it markedly increased the phosphorylation of the prosurvival kinase Akt in 6-OHDA-treated cells . 
Akt inhibitor DEBC or RNA interference-mediated Akt silencing reduced the ability of 6b to block 6-OHDA-triggered apoptotic and autophagic responses , thus confirming their dependency on Akt activation . 
The cytoprotective effect of 6b was also observed in 6-OHDA-treated neuronal PC12 cells , but not in SH-SY5Y or PC12 cells exposed to 1-methyl-4-phenylpyridinium , indicating that the observed neuroprotection was dependent on the cytotoxic stimulus . 
Because of the ability to prevent 6-OHDA induced apoptotic / autophagic cell death through activation of Akt , the investigated arylpiperazines could be potential candidates for treatment of neurodegenerative diseases . Anthocyanin , antioxidant activity and stress-induced gene expression in high CO2-treated table grapes stored at low temperature . Ca ( 2 + ) -activated K ( + ) channels ( K ( Ca ) ) regulate a wide variety of cellular functions by coupling intracellular Ca ( 2 + ) concentration to membrane potential . 
There are three major groups of K ( Ca ) classified by their unit conductances : large ( BK ) , intermediate ( IK ) , and small ( SK ) conductance of channels . 
BK channel is gated by combined influences of Ca ( 2 + ) and voltage , while IK and SK channels are gated solely by Ca ( 2 + ) . 
Volatile anesthetics inhibit BK channel activity by interfering with the Ca ( 2 + ) gating mechanism . 
However , the effects of anesthetics on IK and SK channels are unknown . 
Using cloned IK and SK channels , hIK1 and hSK1-3 , respectively , we found that the currents of hIK1 were inhibited rapidly and reversibly by volatile anesthetics , whereas those of SK channels were not affected . 
The IC ( 50 ) values of the volatile anesthetics , halothane , sevoflurane , enflurane , and isoflurane for hIK1 inhibition were 0 . 69 , 0 . 42 , 1 . 01 and 1 . 03 mM , respectively , and were in the clinically used concentration range . 
In contrast to BK channel , halothane inhibition of hIK1 currents was independent of Ca ( 2 + ) concentration , suggesting that Ca ( 2 + ) gating mechanism is not involved . 
These results demonstrate that volatile anesthetics , such as halothane , enflurane , isoflurane , and sevoflurane , affect BK , IK , and SK channels in distinct ways . Effective phagocytosis of low Her2 tumor cell lines with engineered , aglycosylated IgG displaying high FcγRIIa affinity and selectivity . Effect of pioglitazone on circulating adipocytokine levels and insulin sensitivity in type 2 diabetic patients . In many respects tetrodotoxin ( TTX ) is the quintessential natural toxin . 
It is unequivocally toxic to mammals with LD ( 50 ) values for mice in the range of 10 μg / kg ( intraperitoneal ) , 16 μg / kg ( subcutaneous ) , and 332 μg / kg ( oral ) ( Kao , 1966 ) . 
Its biothreat status is recognized by its listing as a "Select Agent" by the US Department of Health and Human Services which includes regulated agents "determined to have the potential to pose a severe threat to both human and animal health" ( http : / / www . 
selectagents . 
gov / ) . 
It has a well-defined cellular target ( i . 
e . 
, NaV channels ) and pharmacological mode of action ( i . 
e . 
, block of nerve and muscle action potentials ) , and it is an indispensable chemical tool in neuroscience . 
It is widely distributed in marine and terrestrial ecosystems where it plays a role in the chemical ecology of predator-prey relationships and drives evolutionary selection of TTX-resistance ( Hanifin , 2010; Williams , 2010; Zimmer and Ferrer , 2007 ) . 
Lastly , TTX has acquired a certain mystique in scientific lore attributable to many fascinating aspects of its natural history and molecular interactions as presented in selected summary below . 
Additional information may be found in other excellent reviews ( Fozzard and Lipkind , 2010; Kao , 1966; Lee and Ruben , 2008; Narahashi , 2001 , 2008 ) . At present , the identification of potentially sensitizing chemicals is carried out using animal models . 
However , it is very important from ethical , safety and economic point of view to have biological markers to discriminate allergy and irritation events , and to be able to classify sensitizers according to their potency , without the use of animals . 
Within the Sens-it-iv EU Frame Programme 6 funded Integrated Project ( LSHB-CT-2005-018681 ) , a number of in vitro , human cell based assays were developed which , when optimized and used in an integrated testing strategy , may be able to distinguish sensitizers from non-sensitizers . 
This study describes two of these assays , which when used in a tiered strategy , may be able to identify contact sensitizers and also to quantify sensitizer potency . 
Tier 1 is the human keratinocyte NCTC2544 IL-18 assay and tier 2 is the Epidermal Equivalent potency assay . 
The aim of this study is to show the transferability of the two-tiered approach with training chemicals : 3 sensitizers ( DNCB , resorcinol , pPD ) and 1 non sensitizer ( lactic acid ) in tier 1 and 2 sensitizers with different potency in tier 2 ( DNCB; extreme and resorcinol; moderate ) . 
The chemicals were tested in a non-coded fashion . 
Here we describe the transferability to naïve laboratories , the establishment of the standard operating procedure , critical points , acceptance criteria and project management . 
Both assays were successfully transferred to laboratories that had not performed the assays previously . 
The two tiered approach may offer an unique opportunity to provide an alternative method to the Local Lymph Node Assay ( LLNA ) . 
These assays are both based on the use of human keratinocytes , which have been shown over the last two decades , to play a key role in all phases of skin sensitization . Studies on the mechanism of arterial vasodilation produced by the novel antihypertensive agent , carvedilol . GLUT2 in pancreatic islets : crucial target molecule in diabetes induced with multiple low doses of streptozotocin in mice . Severe congenital neutropenia ( SCN ) is an inborn disorder of granulopoiesis . 
Like most other bone marrow failure syndromes , it is associated with a marked propensity to transform into a myelodysplastic syndrome ( MDS ) or acute leukemia , with a cumulative rate of transformation to MDS / leukemia that exceeds 20% . 
The genetic ( and / or epigenetic ) changes that contribute to malignant transformation in SCN are largely unknown . 
In this study , we performed mutational profiling of 14 genes previously implicated in leukemogenesis using 14 MDS / leukemia samples from patients with SCN . 
We used high-throughput exon-based resequencing of whole-genome-amplified genomic DNA with a semiautomated method to detect mutations . 
The sensitivity and specificity of the sequencing pipeline was validated by determining the frequency of mutations in these 14 genes using 188 de novo AML samples . 
As expected , mutations of tyrosine kinase genes ( FLT3 , KIT , and JAK2 ) were common in de novo AML , with a cumulative frequency of 30% . 
In contrast , no mutations in these genes were detected in the SCN samples; instead , mutations of CSF3R , encoding the G-CSF receptor , were common . 
These data support the hypothesis that mutations of CSF3R may provide the "activated tyrosine kinase signal" that is thought to be important for leukemogenesis . Tryptophan hydroxylase mRNA levels are elevated by repeated immobilization stress in rat raphe nuclei but not in pineal gland . A second isoform of the human vesicular monoamine transporter ( hVMAT ) has been cloned from a pheochromocytoma cDNA library . 
The contribution of the two transporter isoforms to monoamine storage in human neuroendocrine tissues was examined with isoform-specific polyclonal antibodies against hVMAT1 and hVMAT2 . 
Central , peripheral , and enteric neurons express only VMAT2 . 
VMAT1 is expressed exclusively in neuroendocrine , including chromaffin and enterochromaffin , cells . 
VMAT1 and VMAT2 are coexpressed in all chromaffin cells of the adrenal medulla . 
VMAT2 alone is expressed in histamine-storing enterochromaffin-like cells of the oxyntic mucosa of the stomach . 
The transport characteristics and pharmacology of each VMAT isoform have been directly compared after expression in digitonin-permeabilized fibroblastic ( CV-1 ) cells , providing information about substrate feature recognition by each transporter and the role of vesicular monoamine storage in the mechanism of action of psychopharmacologic and neurotoxic agents in human . 
Serotonin has a similar affinity for both transporters . 
Catecholamines exhibit a 3-fold higher affinity , and histamine exhibits a 30-fold higher affinity , for VMAT2 . 
Reserpine and ketanserin are slightly more potent inhibitors of VMAT2-mediated transport than of VMAT1-mediated transport , whereas tetrabenazine binds to and inhibits only VMAT2 . 
N-methyl-4-phenylpyridinium , phenylethylamine , amphetamine , and methylenedioxymethamphetamine are all more potent inhibitors of VMAT2 than of VMAT1 , whereas fenfluramine is a more potent inhibitor of VMAT1-mediated monamine transport than of VMAT2-mediated monoamine transport . 
The unique distributions of hVMAT1 and hVMAT2 provide new markers for multiple neuroendocrine lineages , and examination of their transport properties provides mechanistic insights into the pharmacology and physiology of amine storage in cardiovascular , endocrine , and central nervous system function . Comparison of the pharmacological effects of paricalcitol and doxercalciferol on the factors involved in mineral homeostasis . The regulatory roles of phosphatases in cancer . Thermosensitive liposomes ( TSL ) with encapsulated magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) longitudinal relaxation time ( T ( 1 ) ) contrast agents ( CAs ) have been proposed for MRI assisted interventional thermotherapy in solid tumors . 
Here the feasibility of 6 clinically approved CAs ( Gd-DTPA , Gd-BOPTA , Gd-DOTA , Gd-BT-DO3A , Gd-DTPA-BMA , and Gd-HP-DO3A ) for formulation into TSL was investigated . 
CAs were passively encapsulated with 323 mOs kg ( -1 ) into 1 , 2-dipalmitoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine / 1 , 2-distearoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine / 1 , 2-dipalmitoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphodiglycerol 50 / 20 / 30 ( mol / mol ) TSL ( DPPG ( 2 ) -TSL ) to obtain stable formulations . 
T ( 1 ) relaxivity ( r ( 1 ) ) and diffusive permeability to water ( P ( d ) ) across the membrane were determined . 
Shelf life at 4°C was investigated by determining lysolipid content up to 10 weeks after preparation . 
All preparations were monodispersed with comparable small vesicle sizes ( ~135 nm ) . 
Neither zeta potential nor phase transition temperature ( T ( m ) ) was affected by the CA . 
The formulations showed an increase in r ( 1 ) in the temperature range between 38 and 44°C . 
This correlated with the phase transition . 
Change in r ( 1 ) ( Δr ( 1 ) = r ( 1 ) ( 45 . 3°C ) -r ( 1 ) ( 37 . 6°C ) ) and r ( 1 ) ( T<T ( m ) ) depended on the encapsulated CA concentration . 
P ( d ) at T≤37 . 6°C was lower for DPPG ( 2 ) -TSL encapsulating non-ionic Gd-BT-DO3A , Gd-DTPA-BMA , and Gd-HP-DO3A . 
All CAs except Gd-DTPA-BMA induced phospholipid hydrolysis , which resulted in unwanted CA leakage . 
The serum proteins HSA and IgG both contributed to the increase of MRI signal at 30°C by increasing P ( d ) . 
A high concentration of encapsulated CA is a prerequisite to achieve a sufficiently high Δr ( 1 ) during heat triggered CA release combined with a low r ( 1 ) at 37°C . 
Hence , the optimal CA is characterized by a non-ionic structure and a low contribution to osmolality . OBJECTIVE : Protein misfolding diseases result from the deposition of insoluble protein aggregates that often contain fibrils called amyloid . 
Amyloids are found in Alzheimer disease , atherosclerosis , diabetes mellitus , and systemic amyloidosis , which are diseases where platelet activation might be implicated . 
METHODS AND RESULTS : We induced amyloid properties in 6 unrelated proteins and found that all induced platelet aggregation in contrast to fresh controls . 
Amyloid-induced platelet aggregation was independent of thromboxane A2 formation and ADP secretion but enhanced by feedback stimulation through these pathways . 
Treatments that raised cAMP ( iloprost ) , sequestered Ca2 + ( BAPTA-AM ) or prevented amyloid-platelet interaction ( sRAGE , tissue-type plasminogen activator [ tPA ] ) induced almost complete inhibition . 
Modulation of the function of CD36 ( CD36- / - mice ) , p38 ( MAPK ) ( SB203580 ) , COX-1 ( indomethacin ) , and glycoprotein Ib alpha ( Nk-protease , 6D1 antibody ) induced approximately 50% inhibition . 
Interference with fibrinogen binding ( RGDS ) revealed a major contribution of alphaIIb beta3-independent aggregation ( agglutination ) . 
CONCLUSIONS : Protein misfolding resulting in the appearance of amyloid induces platelet aggregation . 
Amyloid activates platelets through 2 pathways : one is through CD36 , p38 ( MAPK ) , thromboxane A2-mediated induction of aggregation; the other is through glycoprotein Ib alpha-mediated aggregation and agglutination . 
The platelet stimulating properties of amyloid might explain the enhanced platelet activation observed in many diseases accompanied by the appearance of misfolded proteins with amyloid . The Canada-wide standards for petroleum hydrocarbons in soils regulate petroleum hydrocarbons based on four distillate ranges : F1 ( C6-C10 ) , F2 ( >C10-C16 ) , F3 ( >C16-C34 ) , and F4 ( >C34 ) . 
Previous toxicity tests with earthworms and F2 , as well as two subfractions of F3 , F3a ( >C16-C23 ) and F3a ( >C23-C34 ) , indicate that test durations might not be sufficiently long to reach threshold effect concentrations , likely because of the differing toxicokinetics for each distillate . 
A study was conducted to determine the toxicokinetics of both aliphatic and aromatic fractions of F2 , F3a , and F3b with the earthworm Eisenia andrei . 
Peak accumulation curves were observed for F2 aliphatics and aromatics and F3a aromatics , likely as a result of changes in exposure concentration over the test duration via loss or a decrease in the bioavailable fraction . 
Biota-soil accumulation factors were >1 for total F2 aliphatics and aromatics and F3a aromatics as well as for several individual polyaromatic hydrocarbons for each distillate . 
Aromatics were disproportionately accumulated over aliphatics and were the main contributors to toxicity; therefore , aromatics and aliphatics should be regulated separately . 
The toxicokinetics were used to interpret previous toxicity data . 
Higher molecular weight distillates need longer-than-standard test durations to determine toxicity , so toxicity test results from fixed , standard-duration tests are not strictly comparable for these petroleum distillates . 
Environ . 
Toxicol . 
Chem . 
2013;32 : 1006-1015 . 
© 2013 SETAC . The anti-inflammatory effects of pseudoephedrine / ephedrine were investigated using the experimental model of lipopolysaccharide ( LPS ) -induced acute liver failure in D-galactosamine ( D-GalN ) -sensitised male rats in order to elucidate effects other than sympathomimetic effects . 
Rats were intraperitoneally injected with D-GalN ( 400 mg / kg ) and LPS ( 40 mug / kg ) to induce acute liver failure . 
The treatment groups were then intraperitoneally administered pseudoephedrine / ephedrine at 0 h and 4 h after induction and the activation induced by treatment with pseudoephedrine and / or LPS on the primary Kupffer cells ( KCs ) was monitored . 
Compared with controls induced by GalN / LPS alone , pseudoephedrine dramatically reduced the infiltration of inflammatory cells and bile ductular hyperplasia and hepatic necrosis observed in liver sections . 
It inhibited both hepatocellular apoptosis and the expression of monocyte chemotactic protein-1 . 
It lowered the production of tumour necrosis factor-alpha ( TNF-alpha ) in the beginning of acute liver failure induced by D-GalN / LPS . 
Correspondingly , levels of alanine aminotransferase ( ALT ) , total bilirubin ( TBIL ) and malondialdehyde were attenuated . 
Ephedrine demonstrated all these identical protective effects as well . 
In addition , pseudoephedrine significantly suppressed the production of p-IkappaB-alpha , reducing the degradation of sequestered nuclear factor kappa B ( NF-kappaB ) in the cytoplasm , and inhibited the translocation of NF-kappaB / p65 to the nucleus , the transcription of TNF-alpha mRNA and the production of TNF-alpha in primary KCs . 
These results suggest that pseudoephedrine and ephedrine have a potent anti-inflammatory activity against D-GalN / LPS-induced acute liver failure in rats , and this comprehensive anti-inflammatory effect may result from the inhibition of TNF-alpha production . Emerging target-based paradigms to prevent and treat migraine . Combination of β-cyclodextrin inclusion complex and self-microemulsifying drug delivery system for photostability and enhanced oral bioavailability of methotrexate : novel technique . Abstract Several studies report that endocrine disrupting chemicals ( EDC ) able to interfere with endocrine homeostasis may affect women's reproductive health . 
We analyzed EDC serum levels and nuclear receptors ( NRs ) expression in order to have an indication of the internal dose of biologically active compounds and a measurement of indicators of their effects , as a result of the repeated uptake from environmental source . 
The percentage of patients with detectable bisphenol A ( BPA ) concentrations was significantly higher in the infertile patients compared with fertile subjects . 
No significant difference was found between the groups with regard to perfluorooctane sulfonate ( PFOS ) , perfluorooctanoic acid ( PFOA ) , mono-ethylhexyl phthalate ( MEHP ) and di- ( 2-ethylhexyl ) phthalate ( DEHP ) concentrations . 
Among infertile women , the mean expression of estrogen receptor alpha ( ERα ) and beta ( Erβ ) , androgen receptor ( AR ) and pregnane X receptor ( PXR ) was significantly higher than fertile patients . 
The mean expression of aryl hydrocarbon receptor ( AhR ) and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma ( PPARγ ) did not show significant differences between two groups . 
Patients with endometriosis had higher levels of PPARγ than all women with other causes of infertility . 
This study led further support to EDC exposure as a risk factor for women's fertility . The serotonin transporter polymorphism , 5HTTLPR , is associated with a faster response time to sertraline in an elderly population with major depressive disorder . The two basic mainstays of gastrointestinal stromal tumours ( GIST ) treatment are surgery and imatinib , a selective tyrosine kinase inhibitor that allows achieving a stable or responding disease in about 80% of patients with unresectable / metastatic GIST . 
Response to imatinib mainly depends from KIT and PDGFRα mutational status . 
Nevertheless , some patients with a potentially responsive genotype do not respond , and others develop a pattern of resistance to imatinib which is not associated with secondary mutations . 
This emphasizes the presence of mechanisms of resistance other than the receptor-related genotype , and the need of biological predictors to select the optimal therapeutic strategy , particularly now that other potent inhibitors are available . 
We investigated a panel of 31 polymorphisms in 11 genes , potentially associated with the pharmacogenetics of imatinib , in a group of 54 unresectable / metastatic GISTs treated with imatinib 400mg daily as first line therapy . 
Included in this analysis were polymorphisms in the transporters' family SLC22 , SLCO , ABC , and in the metabolizing genes CYP-3A4 and -3A5 . 
Time to progression was significantly improved in presence of the C allele in SLC22A4 ( OCTN1 rs1050152 ) , and the two minor alleles ( G ) in SLC22A5 ( OCTN2 rs2631367 and rs2631372 ) . 
Importantly , multivariate analysis , adjusting for age , gender , KIT / PDGFRα mutational status , and tumour size , revealed that all the three genotypes maintained independent predictive significance . 
In conclusion , in this study we showed that SLC22A4 and SLC22A5 genotypes may be an important predictor of time to progression in GIST patients receiving imatinib therapy . 
Further investigations are required in an attempt to further personalize GIST therapy . The most important group of antifungals is the azoles ( e . 
g . 
miconazole ) , which act by inhibiting lanosterol demethylase in the sterol biosynthesis pathway . 
Azole activity can be modulated through structural changes in lanosterol demethylase , altered expression of its gene ERG11 , alterations in other sterol biosynthesis enzymes or altered expression of multidrug transporters . 
We present evidence that azole activity versus Saccharomyces cerevisiae is also modulated by Ca2 + -regulated signalling . 
( i ) Azole activity was reduced by the addition of Ca2 + . 
Conversely , azole activity was enhanced by the addition of Ca2 + chelator EGTA . 
( ii ) Three structurally distinct inhibitors ( fluphenazine , calmidazolium and a W-7 analogue ) of the Ca2 + -binding regulatory protein calmodulin enhanced azole activity . 
( iii ) Two structurally distinct inhibitors ( cyclosporin and FK506 ) of the Ca2 + -calmodulin-regulated phosphatase calcineurin enhanced azole activity . 
( iv ) Strains in which the Ca2 + binding sites of calmodulin were eliminated and strains in which the calcineurin subunit genes were disrupted demonstrated enhanced azole sensitivity; conversely , a mutant with constitutively activated calcineurin phosphatase demonstrated decreased azole sensitivity . 
( v ) CRZ1 / TCN1 encodes a transcription factor regulated by calcineurin phosphatase; its disruption enhanced azole sensitivity , whereas its overexpression decreased azole sensitivity . 
All the above treatments had comparable effects on the activity of terbinafine , an inhibitor of squalene epoxidase within the sterol biosynthesis pathway , but had little or no effect on the activity of drugs with unrelated targets . 
( vi ) Treatment of S . 
cerevisiae with azole or terbinafine resulted in transcriptional upregulation of genes FKS2 and PMR1 known to be Ca2 + regulated . 
A model to explain the role of Ca2 + -regulated signalling in azole / terbinafine tolerance is proposed . The core cysteines , ( C909 ) of islet antigen-2 and ( C945 ) of islet antigen-2β , are crucial to autoantibody binding in type 1 diabetes . Relation between dynamics , activity and thermal stability within the cholinesterase family . 2-N , N-Dimethylamino-1 , 3 , 4-thiadiazole-5-methanesulfonamide was tested for its interaction with the 12 catalytically active mammalian carbonic anhydrase ( CA , EC 4 . 2 . 1 . 1 ) isozymes , CA I-XIV . 
The compound is a potent inhibitor of CA IV , VII , IX , XII , and XIII ( K ( I ) s of 0 . 61-39 nM ) , a medium potency inhibitor of CA II and VA ( K ( I ) s of 121-438 nM ) , and a weak inhibitor against the other isoforms ( CA III , VB , VI , and XIV ) , making it a very interesting candidate for situations in which a strong / selective inhibition of certain isozymes is needed . 
The crystal structure of the hCA II adduct of this sulfonamide revealed interesting interactions between the inhibitor and the enzyme which are quite different from those observed in the adducts of CA II with the structurally related aliphatic derivatives zonisamide , 2-amino-1 , 3 , 4-thiadiazolyl-5-difluoromethanesulfonamide , and 2-dimethylamino-5- [ sulfonamido- ( aminomethyl ) ] -1 , 3 , 4-thiadiazole reported earlier . Stimulation of the ADRB3 adrenergic receptor induces relaxation of human placental arteries : influence of preeclampsia . Involvement of regucalcin in lipid metabolism and diabetes . Inhibition of the human intermediate conductance Ca ( 2 + ) -activated K ( + ) channel , hIK1 , by volatile anesthetics . Background Citronellyl acetate ( CAT ) , a monoterpene product of the secondary metabolism of plants , has been shown in the literature to possess several different biological activities . 
However , no antinociceptive abilities have yet been discussed . 
Here , we used acute pain animal models to describe the antinociceptive action of CAT . 
Methods The acetic acid-induced writhing test and the paw-licking test , in which paw licking was induced by glutamate and formalin , were performed to evaluate the antinociceptive action of CAT and to determine the involvement of PKC , PKA , TRPV1 , TRPA1 , TRPM8 and ASIC in its antinociceptive mechanism . 
To do so , we induced paw-linking using agonists . 
Results CAT was administered intragastrically ( 25 , 50 , 75 , 100 and 200mg / kg ) , and the two higher doses caused antinociceptive effects in the acetic acid model; the highest dose reduced pain for 4h after it was administered ( 200mg / kg ) . 
In the formalin test , two doses of CAT promoted antinociception in both the early and later phases of the test . 
The glutamate test showed that its receptors are involved in the antinociceptive mechanism of CAT . 
Pretreatment with CAT did not alter locomotor activity or motor coordination . 
In an investigation into the participation of TRP channels and ASICs in CAT's antinociceptive mechanism , we used capsaicin ( 2 . 2μg / paw ) , cinnamaldehyde ( 10mmol / paw ) , menthol ( 1 . 2mmol / paw ) and acidified saline ( 2% acetic acid , pH 1 . 98 ) . 
The results showed that TRPV1 , TRPM8 and ASIC , but not TRPA1 , are involved in the antinociceptive mechanism . 
Finally , the involvement of PKC and PKA was also studied , and we showed that both play a role in the antinociceptive mechanism of CAT . 
Conclusion The results of this work contribute information regarding the antinociceptive properties of CAT on acute pain and show that , at least in part , TRPV1 , TRPM8 , ASIC , glutamate receptors , PKC and PKA participate in CAT's antinociceptive mechanism . Design , synthesis and SAR of novel glucokinase activators . The immune response modifiers , imiquimod and resiquimod , are TLR7 agonists that induce type I interferon in numerous species , including humans . 
Recently , it was shown that plasmacytoid dendritic cells ( pDC ) are the primary interferon-producing cells in the blood in response to viral infections . 
Here , we characterize the activation of human pDC with the TLR7 agonists imiquimod and resiquimod . 
Results indicate that imiquimod and resiquimod induce IFN-alpha and IFN-omega from purified pDC , and pDC are the principle IFN-producing cells in the blood . 
Resiquimod-stimulated pDC also produce a number of other cytokines including TNF-alpha and IP-10 . 
Resiquimod enhances co-stimulatory marker expression , CCR7 expression , and pDC viability . 
Resiquimod was compared throughout the study to the pDC survival factors , IL-3 and IFN-alpha; resiquimod more effectively matures pDC than either IL-3 or IFN-alpha alone . 
These results demonstrate that imidazoquinoline molecules directly induce pDC maturation as determined by cytokine induction , CCR7 and co-stimulatory marker expression and prolonging viability . Synthesis , DNA binding and antitumor evaluation of styelsamine and cystodytin analogues . Egg white protein powder , one of the main egg products , was hydrolysed by Alcalase , Trypsin , and Pepsin respectively to prepare antioxidant peptides . 
All hydrolysates were assayed by determination of reducing power ( RP ) ability . 
Three kinds of hydrolysates were prepared under optimal enzymatic parameters that were obtained from the preliminary one-factor-at-a-time ( OFAT ) and response surface methodology ( RSM ) experiments . 
The results showed that the Alcalase hydrolysates exerted the best RP ability . 
Thereafter , the Alcalase hydrolysates were sequentially fractionated by ultra filtration membranes in cut-off molecular weight ( MW ) of 30 , 10 , and 1kDa , and tested their antioxidant activities in terms of RP ability , DPPH radical scavenging ability , ABTS radical scavenging ability , and FRAP assay . 
Effects of high intensity pulsed electric field treatment were further investigated on antioxidant peptides to improve their activities . 
The results showed that Alcalase hydrolysates possessed the strongest antioxidant ability compared with the other two hydrolysates , particularly for the Fraction-3 with MW <1kDa . 
After PEF treatment , this fraction showed a significant improvement of RP ability within 5h ( P<0 . 05 ) . Endothelial protein C receptor ( EPCR ) plays an important role in the protein C anticoagulation pathway and in the cytoprotective pathway . 
Previously , EPCR can be shed from the cell surface , which is mediated by tumor necrosis factor-α converting enzyme ( TACE ) . 
Soluble EPCR levels are increased in patients with systemic inflammatory diseases . 
Recently , we reported that a new active compound , emodin-6-O-β-D-glucoside ( EG ) from Reynoutria japonica , has anti-inflammatory activities . 
However , little is known of the effects of EG on EPCR shedding . 
Here , we investigated this issue by monitoring the effects of EG on the phorbol-12-myristate 13-acetate ( PMA ) or the cecal ligation and puncture ( CLP ) -mediated EPCR shedding and its underlying mechanisms . 
Data showed that EG potently inhibited the PMA and CLP-induced EPCR shedding by suppressing TACE expression . 
Given these results , EG could be used as a candidate therapeutic for the treatment of vascular inflammatory diseases . PTHrP is endogenous relaxant for spontaneous smooth muscle contraction in urinary bladder of female rat . A series of renewable bis ( cyanate ) esters have been prepared from bisphenols synthesized by condensation of 2-methoxy-4-methylphenol ( creosol ) with formaldehyde , acetaldehyde , and propionaldehyde . 
The cyanate esters have been fully characterized by infrared spectroscopy , ( 1 ) H and ( 13 ) C NMR spectroscopy , and single crystal X-ray diffraction . 
These compounds melt from 88 to 143 °C , while cured resins have glass transition temperatures from 219 to 248 °C , water uptake ( 96 h , 85 °C immersion ) in the range of 2 . 05-3 . 21% , and wet glass transition temperatures from 174 to 193 °C . 
These properties suggest that creosol-derived cyanate esters may be useful for a wide variety of military and commercial applications . 
The cure chemistry of the cyanate esters has been studied with FTIR spectroscopy and differential scanning calorimetry . 
The results show that cyanate esters with more sterically demanding bridging groups cure more slowly , but also more completely than those with a bridging methylene group . 
In addition to the structural differences , the purity of the cyanate esters has a significant effect on both the cure chemistry and final Tg of the materials . 
In some cases , post-cure of the resins at 350 °C resulted in significant decomposition and off-gassing , but cure protocols that terminated at 250-300 °C generated void-free resin pucks without degradation . 
Thermogravimetric analysis revealed that cured resins were stable up to 400 °C and then rapidly degraded . 
TGA / FTIR and mass spectrometry results showed that the resins decomposed to phenols , isocyanic acid , and secondary decomposition products , including CO2 . 
Char yields of cured resins under N2 ranged from 27 to 35% , while char yields in air ranged from 8 to 11% . 
These data suggest that resins of this type may potentially be recycled to parent phenols , creosol , and other alkylated creosols by pyrolysis in the presence of excess water vapor . 
The ability to synthesize these high temperature resins from a phenol ( creosol ) that can be derived from lignin , coupled with the potential to recycle the composites , provides a possible route to the production of sustainable , high-performance , thermosetting resins with reduced environmental impact . Ergotamine and dihydroergotamine : history , pharmacology , and efficacy . Glucagon-induced acetylation of Foxa2 regulates hepatic lipid metabolism . Androgens mediate a wide range of processes during embryogenesis and in the adult . 
In mammals , the principal androgens are testosterone and its 5alpha-reduced metabolite , 5alpha-dihydrotestosterone ( DHT ) . 
Although these androgenic hormones are diverse in character , it is believed that their effects are mediated via the protein products of a single androgen receptor gene encoded on the X-chromosome . 
A great deal of information has now accumulated pertaining to the mechanisms by which nuclear receptors , such as the androgen receptor , modulate the activity of responsive genes . 
The studies have demonstrated the participation of a number of ancillary proteins in modulating activation or repression by nuclear receptors . 
In addition to studies focused on the mechanisms of nuclear receptor function , additional work has illuminated the mechanism by which androgens are metabolized in selected tissues . 
This information provides a perspective on the number of levels of complexity by which differential gene regulation by androgens may occur in different tissues and in different cell types . The beta -casomorphin-5 sequence was systematically modified by substitution of the naturally occurring amino acids . 
The derivatives are compared on the basis of their affinities towards mu 1- , mu 2 and delta -opioid binding sites estimated by means of binding studies with [ 3H ] dihydromorphine and [ 3H ] D-Ala2-Leu5-enkephalin as labels and computer curve fitting . 
A C-terminal amide group which is known to increase mu-site affinity of beta -CM-4 and beta -CM-5 mainly enhances the mu 2-site affinity . 
Furthermore , the Pro4-amide structure , which seems to be responsible for the affinity enhancement can be substituted by the pyrrolidide ring structure . 
Modifications in position 2 , 3 and 4 can lead to an increase in mu 1- , mu 2- or delta -site affinity and / or selectivity . 
The specificity of these effects might be dependent on the respective changes in the charge or hydrophobicity due to the introduction of other amino acids . 
The results suggest firstly that the alternating proline residues in the beta -CM-5 molecule are not absolutely necessary for its mu-site affinities , and secondly that both opioid receptor subtype affinity and selectivity may be modified by changing charge and / or hydrophobicity in the middle part of the beta -casomorphin molecule . BACKGROUND : To assess the sensitivity of biochemical , physiological , and pharmacological markers of peripheral norepinephrine ( NE ) transporter ( NET ) function , we chronically antagonized NET by a range of doses of duloxetine [ ( + ) -N-methyl-3- ( 1-naphthalenyloxy ) -2 thiophenepropanamine ] , which blocks the NE reuptake process . 
METHODS AND RESULTS : Duloxetine was administered in a randomized , placebo-controlled study in 15 healthy volunteers . 
Plasma from duloxetine-treated subjects ( ex vivo effect ) dose-dependently decreased radioligand binding to human NET ( maximum inhibition was 60% ) ( P = 0 . 02 ) . 
The dose of intravenous tyramine required to raise systolic blood pressure by 30 mm Hg ( PD30 ) increased dose-dependently with duloxetine and was significant at the end of the 120-mg / d dosage ( P<0 . 001 ) . 
The plasma dihydoxyphenylglycol to NE ( DHPG / NE ) ratio was reduced significantly at 2 weeks of treatment with 80 mg / d duloxetine ( 11 . 3 at baseline , 3 . 4 at 240 mg / d , P<0 . 001 ) . 
Plasma NE was significantly increased starting at 120 mg / d duloxetine . 
Urine results ( corrected for 24-hour creatinine excretion ) showed a dose-dependent change from the baseline urinary excretion for NE , DHPG , and the DHPG / NE ratio . 
The most sensitive measure , the DHPG / NE ratio , was significant at the 80-mg dose . 
Urinary NE excretion was significantly raised after 2 weeks of treatment with 80 mg / d duloxetine ( P<0 . 001 ) , the lowest dose used in the study . 
CONCLUSIONS : These findings suggest that the degree of NET blockade can be assessed with the plasma or urine DHPG / NE ratio and the pressor effect of tyramine . 
Also , the DHPG / NE ratio is more sensitive at the lower end of NET inhibition , whereas tyramine exhibits a linear relation , with NET inhibition commencing at a higher dose . Injection of ropivacaine into the subarachnoid changes the ultrastructure and proteome of the rat spinal cord . Development of bivalent acetylcholinesterase inhibitors as potential therapeutic drugs for Alzheimer's disease . Strontium Ranelate affects signaling from mechanically-stimulated osteocytes towards osteoclasts and osteoblasts . The tubular secretion of diuretics in the proximal tubule has been shown to be critical for the action of drugs . 
To elucidate the molecular mechanisms for the tubular excretion of diuretics , we have elucidated the interactions of human organic anion transporters ( hOATs ) with diuretics using cells stably expressing hOATs . 
Diuretics tested were thiazides , including chlorothiazide , cyclothiazide , hydrochlorothiazide , and trichlormethiazide; loop diuretics , including bumetanide , ethacrynic acid , and furosemide; and carbonic anhydrase inhibitors , including acetazolamide and methazolamide . 
These diuretics inhibited organic anion uptake mediated by hOAT1 , hOAT2 , hOAT3 , and hOAT4 in a competitive manner . 
hOAT1 exhibited the highest affinity interactions for thiazides , whereas hOAT3 did those for loop diuretics . 
hOAT1 , hOAT3 , and hOAT4 but not hOAT2 , mediated the uptake of bumetanide . 
hOAT3 and hOAT4 , but not hOAT1 mediated the efflux of bumetanide . 
hOAT1 and hOAT3 , but not hOAT2 and hOAT4 mediated the uptake of furosemide . 
In conclusion , it was suggested that hOAT1 may play an important role in the basolateral uptake of thiazides , and hOAT3 in the uptake of loop diuretics . 
In addition , it was also suggested that bumetanide taken up by hOAT3 and / or hOAT1 is excreted into the urine by hOAT4 . The effects of amrubicin ( AMR ) and its active metabolite , amrubicinol ( AMROH ) , on the sensitivity of human lung adenocarcinoma A549 cells to ionizing radiation were investigated in vitro . 
Further , the kinetics of apoptosis and necrosis induction were also analyzed . 
The cytocidal effects of X-ray irradiation on A549 cells resulted in a low level of radiosensitivity with a D0 value of 12 Gy . 
The slopes of the survival curves in the exponential phase were plotted on semilogarithmic paper for radiation combined with AMR ( 2 . 5 microg / ml ) and AMROH ( 0 . 02 microg / ml ) treatment , and were shown to be approximately parallel to treatment with irradiation alone . 
The initial shoulder-shape portion of the survival curve for radiation alone , indicating the repair of sublethal damage , was reduced as compared to that for sequential combined treatment with AMR or AMROH . 
Sequential treatments with AMR or AMROH prior to ionizing radiation resulted in an additive radio-enhancement effect that reduced not only survival , but also the shoulder width . 
Fractionated irradiation with 2 Gy per fraction of A549 cells was carried out in vitro similar to that commonly performed in clinical radiotherapy and the radio-resistance of the cells was shown to be inhibited by AMR and AMROH . 
Similar to AMR and AMROH , adriamycin and etoposide ( VP-16 ) are DNA topoisomerase II inhibitors . 
The effects of these 4 agents on cells that received X-ray irradiation were compared and all of the agents exhibited comparable radio-enhancement effects . 
The induction of apoptosis was investigated at 48 and 72 h after administration of AMROH , radiation or combined treatment , and apoptosis was not significantly induced after any of the treatments . 
We also examined the induction of necrosis , and found that the incidence of necrosis following combined treatment was approximately 2 times higher than that with either of the single treatments . Nonthrombolytic intervention in acute myocardial infarction . The accumulation of metal ( Co , Cr , Cu , Mn and Zn ) in freshwater Ulva ( Chlorophyta ) and its habitat . Conversion of acetylcholinesterase to butyrylcholinesterase : modeling and mutagenesis . Effects of asymmetric dimethylarginine on inflammatory cytokines ( TNF-α , IL-6 and IL-10 ) in rats . Yuwen02f1 suppresses LPS-induced endotoxemia and adjuvant-induced arthritis primarily through blockade of ROS formation , NFkB and MAPK activation . Variation in the α 5 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor subunit gene predicts cigarette smoking intensity as a function of nicotine content . The molecular mechanisms by which environmental pollutants including 2 , 3 , 7 , 8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin ( TCDD ) or widely used imidazole fungicide prochloraz display their toxic effects in vertebrates are still not well understood . 
Using computer analysis , we recently identified nuclear aryl hydrocarbon receptor ( AhR ) binding sites termed "dioxin response elements" ( DREs ) in the 5'-untranslated region ( 5'-UTR ) of efflux transporter ABCG2 ( Accession No . 
EU570105 ) from the bovine mammary gland . 
As these regulatory motifs mediate regulation of target genes by AhR agonists including TCDD and prochloraz , we have systematically investigated the effect of both contaminants on functional ABCG2 transport activity in primary bovine mammary epithelial cells . 
TCDD or prochloraz doubled ABCG2-mediated Hoechst H33342 secretion . 
This effect was almost completely reversed by specific ABCG2 inhibitor Ko143 . 
In further mechanistic studies , we showed that this induction was due to binding of activated AhR to DRE sequences in the ABCG2 5'-UTR . 
Receptor binding was significantly reduced by specific AhR antagonist salicyl amide . 
Induction of AhR by TCDD and prochloraz resulted in a time- and dose-dependent increase of ABCG2 gene expression and transporter protein levels . 
As ABCG2 represents the main mammary transporter for xenobiotics including drugs and toxins , exposure to prevalent AhR agonists may enhance transporter-mediated secretion of potential harmful compounds into milk . 
Through identification of mammary ABCG2 as a novel target gene of pesticide prochloraz and dioxin , our results may therefore help to improve the protection of breast-feeding infants and the consumer of dairy products . Calcium entry mediated by GLR3 . 3 , an Arabidopsis glutamate receptor with a broad agonist profile . Optoelectronic Processes in Squaraine Dye-Doped OLEDs for Emission in the Near-Infrared . 1 . 
This work investigated the drug interaction potential of GSK1292263 , a novel GPR119 agonist , with the HMG-coA reductase inhibitors simvastatin and rosuvastatin . 
2 . 
In vitro experiments assessed the inhibition of transporters and CYP enzymes by GSK1292263 , and a clinical drug interaction study investigated the effect of GSK1292263 ( 300 mg BID ) on the pharmacokinetic profile of simvastatin ( 40 mg single dose ) and rosuvastatin ( 10 mg single dose ) . 
3 . 
In vitro , GSK1292263 demonstrated little / weak inhibition ( IC50 values >30 μM ) towards CYPs ( CYP1A2 , 2C9 , 2C19 , 2D6 , 3A4 ) , Pgp , OATP1B3 , or OCT2 . 
However , GSK1292263 inhibited BCRP and OATP1B1 , which are transporters involved in statin disposition . 
4 . 
In the clinical study , small increases in the AUC ( 0-inf ) of simvastatin [ mean ratio ( 90% CI ) of 1 . 34 ( 1 . 22 , 1 . 48 ) ] and rosuvastatin [ mean ratio ( 90% CI ) of 1 . 39 ( 1 . 30 , 1 . 49 ) ] were observed when co-administered with GSK1292263 , which is consistent with an inhibitory effect on intestinal BCRP and CYP3A4 . 
In contrast , GSK1292263 did not inhibit OATP1B1 based on the lack of changes in simvastatin acid exposure [ mean AUC ( 0-inf ) ratio ( 90% CI ) of 1 . 05 ( 0 . 91 , 1 . 21 ) ] . 
5 . 
GSK1292263 has a weak drug interaction with simvastatin and rosuvastain . 
This study provides a mechanistic understanding of the in vivo inhibition of transporters and enzymes by GSK1292263 . Abstract 1 . 
UDP-glucuronosyltransferases ( UGTs ) are versatile and important conjugation enzymes in the metabolism of drugs and other xenobiotics . 
2 . 
We have developed a convenient quantitative multi-well plate assay to measure the glucuronidation rate of 7-hydroxy-4-trifluoromethylcoumarin ( HFC ) for several UGTs . 
3 . 
We have used this method to screen 11 recombinant human UGTs for HFC glucuronidation activity and studied the reaction kinetics with the most active enzymes . 
We have also examined the HFC glucuronidation activity of liver microsomes from human , pig , rabbit and rat . 
4 . 
At a substrate concentration of 20 µM , the most active HFC glucuronidation catalysts were UGT1A10 followed by UGT1A6 >UGT1A7 >UGT2A1 , whereas at 300 µM UGT1A6 was about 10 times better catalyst than the other recombinant UGTs . 
The activities of UGTs 1A3 , 1A8 , 1A9 , 2B4 and 2B7 were low , whereas UGT1A1 and UGT2B17 exhibited no HFC glucuronidation activity . 
UGT1A6 exhibited a significantly higher Vmax and Km values toward both HFC and UDP-glucuronic acid than the other UGTs . 
5 . 
Human , pig and rabbit , but not rat liver microsomes , catalyzed HFC glucuronidation at high rates . 
6 . 
This new method is particularly suitable for fast activity screenings of UGTs 1A6 , 1A7 , 1A10 and 2A1 and HFC glucuronidation activity determination from various samples . Mammary adipose tissue may contribute to breast cancer development and progression by altering neighboring epithelial cell behavior and phenotype through paracrine signaling . 
Dietary exposure to soy foods is associated with lower mammary tumor risk and reduced body weight and adiposity in humans and in rodent breast cancer models . 
Despite the suggested linkage between obesity and breast cancer , the local influence of bioactive dietary components on mammary adiposity for anti-tumor effects remains unknown . 
Herein , we report that post-weaning dietary exposure to soy protein isolate and its bioactive isoflavone genistein lowered mammary adiposity and increased mammary tumor suppressor PTEN and E-cadherin expression in female mice , relative to control casein diet . 
To ascertain genistein's role in mammary adipose deposition that may affect underlying epithelial cell phenotype , we evaluated genistein's effects on SV40-immortalized mouse mammary stromal fibroblast-like ( MSF ) cells during differentiation to adipocytes . 
MSF cultured in differentiation medium with 40 nM genistein showed reductions in mature adipocyte numbers , triglyceride accumulation , and PPARγ and fatty acid synthase transcript levels . 
Genistein inhibition of adipose differentiation was accompanied by increased estrogen receptor ( ER ) -β gene expression and was modestly recapitulated by ERβ selective agonist 2 , 3-bis ( 4-hydroxyphenyl ) -propionitrile ( DPN ) . 
Reduction of ERβ expression by siRNA targeting increased PPARγ transcript levels and stromal fibroblast differentiation into mature adipocytes; the latter was reversed by genistein but not DPN . 
Conditioned medium from genistein-treated adipocytes diminished anchorage-independent mammosphere formation of human MCF-7 breast cancer cells . 
Our results suggest a mechanistic pathway to support direct regulation by genistein of mammary adiposity for breast cancer prevention . Suppression of Src / ERK and GSK-3 / β-catenin signaling by pinosylvin inhibits the growth of human colorectal cancer cells . DNA damage is accepted as a consequence of thymidylate deprivation induced by chemotherapeutic inhibitors of thymidylate synthase ( TS ) , but the types of damage and signaling responses remain incompletely understood . 
Thymidylate deprivation increases dUTP and uracil in DNA , which is removed by base excision repair ( BER ) . 
Because BER requires a synthesis step , strand break intermediates presumably accumulate . 
Thymidylate deprivation also induces cell cycle arrest during replication . 
Homologous recombination ( HR ) is a means of repairing persistent BER intermediates and collapsed replication forks . 
There are also intimate links between HR and S-phase checkpoint pathways . 
In this study , the goals were to determine the involvement of HR-associated proteins and DNA damage signaling responses to thymidylate deprivation . 
When RAD51 , which is a central component of HR , was depleted by siRNA cells were sensitized to raltitrexed ( RTX ) , which specifically inhibits TS . 
To our knowledge , this is the first demonstration in mammalian cells that depletion of RAD51 causes sensitivity to thymidylate deprivation . 
Activation of DNA damage signaling responses was examined following treatment with RTX . 
Phosphorylation of replication protein A ( RPA2 subunit ) and formation of damage-induced foci were strikingly evident following IC ( 50 ) doses of RTX . 
Induction was much more striking following RTX treatment than with hydroxyurea , which is commonly used to inhibit replication . 
RTX treatment also induced foci of RAD51 , gamma-H2AX , phospho-Chk1 , and phospho-NBS1 , although the extent of co-localization with RPA2 foci varied . 
Collectively , the results suggest that HR and S-phase checkpoint signaling processes are invoked by thymidylate deprivation and influence cellular resistance to thymidylate deprivation . Phospholipase C beta ( PLC-beta ) -coupled G protein-coupled receptor ( GPCR ) activities traditionally are assessed by measuring Ca2 + triggered by D-myo-inositol 1 , 4 , 5-trisphosphate ( IP3 ) , a PLC-beta hydrolysis product , or by measuring the production of inositol phosphate using cumbersome radioactive assays . 
A specific detection of IP3 production was also established using IP3 binding proteins . 
The short lifetime of IP3 makes this detection very challenging in measuring GPCR responses . 
Indeed , this IP3 rapidly enters the metabolic inositol phosphate cascade . 
It has been known for decades that lithium chloride ( LiCl ) leads to D-myo-inositol 1-phosphate accumulation on GPCR activation by inhibiting inositol monophosphatase , the final enzyme of the IP3 metabolic cascade . 
We show here that IP1 can be used as a surrogate of IP3 to monitor GPCR activation . 
We developed a novel homogeneous time-resolved fluorescence ( HTRF ) assay that correlates perfectly with existing methods and is easily amenable to high-throughput screening . 
The IP-One assay was validated on various GPCR models . 
It has the advantage over the traditional Ca2 + assay of allowing the measurement of inverse agonist activity as well as the analysis of PLC-beta activity in any nontransfected primary cultures . 
Finally , the high assay specificity for D-myo-inositol 1 monophosphate ( IP1 ( 1 ) ) opens new possibilities in developing selective assays to study the functional roles of the various isoforms of inositol phosphates . The initial excitement and countless efforts to find a pharmacological agent that disrupts the excitotoxic pathway of ischemic neuronal death have only led to disappointing clinical trials . 
Currently , a thrombolytic agent called recombinant tissue plasminogen activator ( rt-PA ) is the only pharmacological treatment available for patients with acute ischemic stroke in most countries . 
Even though its efficacy has been confirmed repeatedly , rt-PA is considerably underused due to reasons including a short therapeutic window and repeated complications associated with its use . 
A search for alternative mechanisms that may operate dependently or independently with the well-established excitotoxic mechanism has led researchers to the discovery of newly described non-glutamate mechanisms . 
Among the latter , transient receptor potential melastatin 7 ( TRPM7 ) is one of the important nonglutamate mechanisms in stroke , which has been evaluated in both in-vitro and in-vivo . 
In this review , we will discuss the current state of pharmacological treatments of ischemic stroke and provide evidence that TRPM7 is a promising therapeutic target of stroke . The sex steroid progesterone is essential for the proliferation and differentiation of the mammary gland epithelium during pregnancy . 
In relation to this , in vitro studies using breast carcinoma T47D cells have demonstrated a biphasic progesterone response , consisting of an initial proliferative burst followed by a sustained growth arrest . 
However , the transcriptional factors acting with the progesterone receptor ( PR ) to mediate the progesterone effects on mammary cell growth and differentiation remain to be determined . 
Recently , it has been demonstrated that the transcriptional regulating protein of 132 kDa ( TReP-132 ) , initially identified as a regulator of steroidogenesis , is also a cell growth suppressor . 
Similar to progesterone-bound PR , TReP-132 acts by inducing the gene expression of the G1 cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitors p21WAF1 / Cip1 ( p21 ) and p27Kip1 ( p27 ) . 
The putative interaction between TReP-132 and progesterone pathways in mammary cells was therefore analyzed in the present study . 
Our results show that TReP-132 interacts in vitro and in T47D cells with progesterone-activated PR . 
TReP-132 synergizes with progesterone-bound PR to trans activate the p21 and p27 gene promoters at proximal Sp1-binding sites . 
Moreover , TReP-132 overexpression and knockdown , respectively , increased or prevented the induction of p21 and p27 gene expression by progesterone . 
As a consequence , TReP-132 knockdown also resulted in the loss of the inhibitory effects of progesterone on pRB phosphorylation , G1 / S cell cycle progression , and cell proliferation . 
Furthermore , the knockdown of TReP-132 expression also prevented the induction of both early and terminal markers of breast cell differentiation which had been previously identified as progesterone target genes . 
As well , the progesterone-induced accumulation of lipid vacuoles was inhibited in the TReP-132-depleted cells . 
Finally , TReP-132 gene expression levels increased following progesterone treatment , indicating the existence of a positive auto-regulatory loop between PR and TReP-132 . 
Taken together , these data identify TReP-132 as a coactivator of PR mediating the growth-inhibitory and differentiation effects of progesterone on breast cancer cells . Conserved amino acid residues that are important for ligand binding in the type I gonadotropin-releasing hormone ( GnRH ) receptor are required for high potency of GnRH II at the type II GnRH receptor . The activity of penicillins against bacteria is in large part related to binding to specific receptor proteins involved in cell wall biosynthesis . 
These proteins have been designated penicillin-binding proteins . 
They can be separated into distinct entities through the use of acrylamide gel electrophoresis and binding of radioactive 14C-labeled penicillin G . 
Six major proteins have been defined in the Enterobacteriaceae , penicillin-binding proteins 1 to 6 . 
Selection of mutants has shown that there are three essential proteins : penicillin-binding protein 1 , which is divided into penicillin-binding protein 1Bs , a peptidoglycan transpeptidase , and penicillin-binding protein 1A , which acts as a replacement for penicillin-binding protein 1Bs . 
Penicillin-binding protein 2 is a murein-elongation initiating enzyme and penicillin-binding protein 3 is a septal murein-synthesizing enzyme . 
Penicillin-binding proteins 4 , 5 , and 6 are not essential for bacterial survival . 
Binding of penicillins to penicillin-binding protein 1Bs produces lysis , binding to penicillin-binding protein 2 produces round cells , and binding to penicillin-binding protein 3 produces long filaments . 
Amdinocillin is a beta-amidino penicillanic acid derivative that binds specifically to penicillin-binding protein 2 . 
The compound is more beta-lactamase stable than ampicillin and has no major delay in entry into the periplasmic space as do some penicillins . 
Amdinocillin inhibits most of the Enterobacteriaceae , with the exception of some indole-positive Proteus species , but it does not inhibit gram-positive cocci or Pseudomonas aeruginosa . 
Amdinocillin produces spherical bacterial cells that eventually lyse . 
Its activity in vitro is markedly affected by ionic content of media . 
This agent acts synergistically with many penicillins , such as ampicillin , carbenicillin , and the like , and with cephalosporins , cefazolin , cefamandole , or cefoxitin to inhibit gram-negative bacilli , probably on the basis of binding to different proteins needed for the production of the peptidoglycan of the bacterial cell wall . 
Amdinocillin possesses a number of the essentials for effective antimicrobial activity and , by virtue of its enhancement of the activity of other beta-lactams , may prove to be a useful agent in the chemotherapy of certain infections . Matching biochemical and functional efficacies confirm ZIP as a potent competitive inhibitor of PKMζ in neurons . Effects of High Iron and Glucose Concentrations over the Relative Expression of Bcl2 , Bax , and Mfn2 in MIN6 Cells . Nabumetone is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory prodrug , which exerts its pharmacological effects via the metabolite 6-methoxy-2-naphthylacetic acid ( 6-MNA ) . 
Nabumetone itself is non-acidic and , following absorption , it undergoes extensive first-pass metabolism to form the main circulating active metabolite ( 6-MNA ) which is a much more potent inhibitor of preferentially cyclo-oxygenase ( COX ) -2 . 
The three major metabolic pathways of nabumetone are O-demethylation , reduction of the ketone to an alcohol , and an oxidative cleavage of the side-chain occurs to yield acetic acid derivatives . 
Essentially no unchanged nabumetone and < 1% of the major 6-MNA metabolite are excreted unchanged in the urine from which 80% of the dose can be recovered and another 10% in faeces . 
Nabumetone is clinically used mainly for the management of patients with osteoarthritis ( OA ) or rheumatoid arthritis ( RA ) to reduce pain and inflammation . 
The clinical efficacy of nabumetone has also been evaluated in patients with ankylosing spondylitis , soft tissue injuries and juvenile RA . 
The optimum oral dosage of nabumetone for OA patients is 1 g once daily , which is well tolerated . 
The therapeutic response is superior to placebo and similar to nonselective COX inhibitors . 
In RA patients , nabumetone 1 g at bedtime is optimal , but an additional 0 . 5-1 g can be administered in the morning for patients with persistent symptoms . 
In RA , nabumetone has shown a comparable clinical efficacy to aspirin ( acetylsalicylic acid ) , diclofenac , piroxicam , ibuprofen and naproxen . 
Clinical trials and a decade of worldwide safety data and long-term postmarketing surveillance studies show that nabumetone is generally well tolerated . 
The most frequent adverse effects are those commonly seen with COX inhibitors , which include diarrhoea , dyspepsia , headache , abdominal pain and nausea . 
In common with other COX inhibitors , nabumetone may increase the risk of GI perforations , ulcerations and bleedings ( PUBs ) . 
However , several studies show a low incidence of PUBs , and on a par with the numbers reported from studies with COX-2 selective inhibitors and considerably lower than for nonselective COX inhibitors . 
This has been attributed mainly to the non-acidic chemical properties of nabumetone but also to its COX-1 / COX-2 inhibitor profile . 
Through its metabolite 6-MNA , nabumetone has a dose-related effect on platelet aggregation , but no effect on bleeding time in clinical studies . 
Furthermore , several short-term studies have shown little to no effect on renal function . 
Compared with COX-2 selective inhibitors , nabumetone exhibits similar anti-inflammatory and analgesic properties in patients with arthritis and there is no evidence of excess GI or other forms of complications to date . Synergistic antiallodynic effects of spinal morphine with ketorolac and selective COX1- and COX2-inhibitors in nerve-injured rats . Xestospongin C ( XC ) , which is a group of macrocyclic bis-1-oxaquinolizidines , is a potent inhibitor of sarcoendoplasmic reticulum calcium transport ATPase and IP3 receptor . 
Nevertheless , very less information is available regarding whether XC induces AML differentiation . 
We investigated the potential role of XC in the differentiation of human leukemia HL60 cells and mechanisms underlying XC actin . 
XC treatment inhibited proliferation by inducing G1-phase cell cycle arrest in the HL60 cells . 
In addition , XC induced differentiation of HL60 cells into the CD14 ( + ) monocytic lineage , which was indicated by morphological changes , nitroblue tetrazolium reduction assay , and expressions of CD11b and CD14 surface antigens . 
Our results also showed that XC promotes phagocytic activity and granularity in HL60 cells , suggesting that the cells are functionally activated . 
Furthermore , XC enhanced tumor necrosis factor ( TNF ) -α-mediated cytotoxic effect by increasing the numbers of TNF receptors . 
Moreover , we showed that XC activates extracellular signal-regulated kinase ( ERK ) pathway in the differentiation stages . 
Inhibition of ERK activation using PD98059 significantly decreased NBT + HL60 cells induced by XC treatment . 
Taken together , the results show that XC promotes monocytic differentiation of HL60 cells via ERK pathway activation , suggesting that XC could be a candidate for use as a differentiation-inducing agent for AML treatment . The present study was carried out to evaluate the neuroprotective effect of quercetin ( QE ) in protecting the cadmium ( Cd ) -induced neuronal injury in frontal cortex of rats . 
A total of 30 adult male Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into three groups of 10 animals each : control , Cd treated and Cd treated with QE . 
The Cd-treated group was injected subcutaneously with cadmium chloride ( CdCl2 ) dissolved in saline at a dose of 2 ml / kg / day for 30 days , resulting in a dosage of 1 mg / kg Cd . 
The rats in QE-treated groups were given QE ( 15 mg / kg body weight ) once a day intraperitoneally starting 2 days prior to Cd injection , during the study period . 
Rats were sacrificed at the end of the study and the frontal cortex tissues were removed for biochemical and histopathological investigation . 
To date , there is no available information on the effect of QE on neuronal injury after Cd exposure . 
Rats intoxicated with Cd for 30 days , significantly increased tissue malondialdehyde ( MDA ) levels and significantly decreased enzymatic antioxidants superoxide dismutase , glutathione peroxidase and catalase in the frontal cortex tissue . 
Administration of QE with Cd significantly diminished the levels of MDA and significantly elevated the levels of enzymatic antioxidants in the frontal cortex tissue . 
The histopathological studies in the brain of rats also supported that QE markedly reduced the Cd-induced histopathological changes and well preserved the normal histological architecture of the frontal cortex tissue . 
The caspase-3 immunopositivity was increased in degenerating neurons of the Cd group . 
Treatment with QE markedly reduced the immunoreactivity of degenerating neurons . 
In conclusion , the results of the current study suggest that QE may be beneficial in combating the Cd-induced neurotoxicity in the brain of rats . 
We believe that further preclinical research into the utility of QE may indicate its usefulness as a potential treatment for neurodegeneration after Cd exposure in rats . Well-documented experimental evidence from both in vitro and in vivo models of stroke strongly supports the critical involvement of NMDA receptor-mediated excitotoxicity in neuronal damage after stroke . 
Despite this , the results of clinical trials testing NMDA receptor antagonists as neuroprotectants after stroke and brain trauma have been discouraging . 
Here , we report that in mature cortical cultures , activation of either synaptic or extrasynaptic NR2B-containing NMDA receptors results in excitotoxicity , increasing neuronal apoptosis . 
In contrast , activation of either synaptic or extrasynaptic NR2A-containing NMDA receptors promotes neuronal survival and exerts a neuroprotective action against both NMDA receptor-mediated and non-NMDA receptor-mediated neuronal damage . 
A similar opposing action of NR2B and NR2A in mediating cell death and cell survival was also observed in an in vivo rat model of focal ischemic stroke . 
Moreover , we found that blocking NR2B-mediated cell death was effective in reducing infarct volume only when the receptor antagonist was given before the onset of stroke and not 4 . 5 h after stroke . 
In great contrast , activation of NR2A-mediated cell survival signaling with administration of either glycine alone or in the presence of NR2B antagonist significantly attenuated ischemic brain damage even when delivered 4 . 5 h after stroke onset . 
Together , the present work provides a molecular basis for the dual roles of NMDA receptors in promoting neuronal survival and mediating neuronal damage and suggests that selective enhancement of NR2A-containing NMDA receptor activation with glycine may constitute a promising therapy for stroke . ( - ) -6- ( 7-Methoxy-2- ( trifluoromethyl ) pyrazolo [ 1 , 5-a ] pyridin-4-yl ) -5-methyl-4 , 5-dihydropyridazin-3 ( 2H ) -one ( KCA-1490 ) exhibits moderate dual PDE3 / 4-inhibitory activity and promises as a combined bronchodilatory / anti-inflammatory agent . 
N-alkylation of the pyridazinone ring markedly enhances potency against PDE4 but suppresses PDE3 inhibition . 
Addition of a 6-aryl-4 , 5-dihydropyridazin-3 ( 2H ) -one extension to the N-alkyl group facilitates both enhancement of PDE4-inhibitory activity and restoration of potent PDE3 inhibition . 
Both dihydropyridazinone rings , in the core and extension , can be replaced by achiral 4 , 4-dimethylpyrazolone subunits and the core pyrazolopyridine by isosteric bicyclic heteroaromatics . 
In combination , these modifications afford potent dual PDE3 / 4 inhibitors that suppress histamine-induced bronchoconstriction in vivo and exhibit promising anti-inflammatory activity via intratracheal administration . BACKGROUND : The efficacy of ACE-inhibitor therapy is well documented in the treatment of chronic heart failure . 
As pharmacological mechanisms of ACE-inhibition and angiotensin II AT1-receptor-antagonists differ , an additional positive effect concerning left ventricular function can be expected in combining both classes of drugs . 
METHODS : Twenty patients ( 64 . 9 + / -8 . 5 years ) with advanced chronic heart failure ( NYHA class III ) receiving long-term medication with digitalis , diuretics and ACE-inhibitors were randomized to either eprosartan ( 540 + / -96 mg / day ) or placebo , according to a blinded protocol . 
Hemodynamic measurements by impedance cardiography were performed at baseline and after 8 . 85 + / -1 . 
5 days of study medication treatment . 
RESULTS : Additional treatment with eprosartan resulted in a higher cardiac output than in the control group ( P<0 . 05 ) . 
While in the active treatment group cardiac output increased significantly from baseline ( 2 . 27-3 . 24 l / min , P = 0 . 
039 ) , there was no change in the control group . 
CONCLUSIONS : The additional treatment with the AT1-receptor antagonist eprosartan , given to severe heart failure patients , who received digitalis , diuretics and ACE-inhibitors , resulted in a beneficial effect by increasing cardiac output . 
This effect may be due to eprosartan's additional property of blocking the autocrine interaction of locally and not ACE-generated angiotensin II with their respective vascular and myocardial AT1-receptors as well as the influence on prejunctional AT1-receptors located on sympathetic nerve terminals . The present investigation is aimed to formulate floating gastroretentive tablets containing metformin using a sublimation material . 
In this study , the release of the drug from a matrix tablet was highly dependent on the polymer concentrations . 
In all formulations , initial rapid drug release was observed , possibly due to the properties of the drug and polymer . 
The effect of the amount of PEO on swelling and eroding of the tablets was determined . 
The water-uptake and erosion behavior of the gastroretentive ( GR ) tablets were highly dependent on the amount of PEO . 
The water-uptake increased with increasing PEO concentration in the tablet matrix . 
The weight loss from tablets decreased with increasing amounts of PEO . 
Camphor was used as the sublimation material to prepare GR tablets that are low-density and easily floatable . 
Camphor was changed to pores in the tablet during the sublimation process . 
SEM revealed that the GR tablets have a highly porous morphology . 
Floating properties of tablets and tablet density were affected by the sublimation of camphor . 
Prepared floating gastroretentive tablets floated for over 24 h and had no floating lag time . 
However , as the amount of camphor in the tablet matrix increased , the crushing strength of the tablet decreased after sublimation . 
Release profiles of the drug from the GR tablets were not affected by tablet density or porosity . 
In pharmacokinetic studies , the mean plasma concentration of the GR tablets after oral administration was greater than the concentration of glucophase XR . 
Also , the mean AUC ( 0-∞ ) values for the GR tablets were significantly greater than the plasma concentrations of glucophase XR . Aquaporin-1 ( AQP1 ) is a water channel that is strongly expressed at the ventricular-facing surface of choroid plexus epithelium . 
Using wildtype and AQP1 null mice , we developed novel methods to compare the water permeability in isolated choroid plexus , and cerebrospinal fluid ( CSF ) production in living mice . 
Osmotically-induced water transport was rapid in freshly isolated choroid plexus from wildtype mice as measured by a spatial-filtering optical method , and reduced by 5-fold by AQP1 deletion . 
CSF production , an isosmolar fluid secretion process , was measured by a dye dilution method involving fluid collections using a second microneedle introduced into the cisterna magna . 
CSF production in wildtype mice was ( in microl / min ) 0 . 37 + / - 0 . 04 microl / min ( control ) , 0 . 16 + / - 0 . 03 microl / min ( acetazolamide-treated ) and 1 . 14 + / - 0 . 15 microl / min ( forskolin-treated ) , and reduced by up to 25% in AQP1 null mice . 
The impaired CSF production in AQP1 null mice provides direct functional evidence for the involvement of AQP1 in CSF formation . Tandutinib is a novel inhibitor of tyrosine kinases FLT3 , PDGFR and KIT . 
Our study was to explore the capability of tandutinib to reverse ABC transporter-mediated multidrug resistance . 
Tandutinib reversed ABCG2-mediated drug resistance in ABCG2-482-R2 , ABCG2-482-G2 , ABCG2-482-T7 and S1-M1-80 cells and increased the accumulation of doxorubicin , rhodamine 123 and [ H ( 3 ) ] mitoxantrone in ABCG2-overexpressing cells . 
Importantly , tandutinib selectively sensitized side population cells to mitoxantrone . 
Taken together , our results advocate the potency of tandutinib as an ABCG2 modulator and stem-like cells targeted agent to increase efficiency of anticancer drugs . Atypical vitamin B12-unresponsive methylmalonic aciduria in sibship with severe progressive encephalomyelopathy : a new genetic The chemoattractant receptor-homologous molecule expressed on Th2 cells ( CRTH2 ) receptor , a G protein-coupled receptor that mediates chemotaxis of inflammatory cells in response to prostaglandin D2 ( PGD2 ) , is hypothesized to play a role in Th2-mediated allergic disease . 
In addition to PGD2 , CRTH2 can be activated by indomethacin , a nonselective cyclooxygenase inhibitor and widely used nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug ( NSAID ) . 
To evaluate the structural features that confer CRTH2 binding selectivity , structure-activity relationship analysis of arylacetic acid class NSAIDs as CRTH2 receptor ligands was performed . 
Indomethacin , sulindac sulfide , and zomepirac displaced [ 3H ] PGD2 binding at the mouse CRTH2 receptor ( mCRTH2 ) with comparable affinity ( Ki = 1 . 5 + / - 0 . 1 , 2 . 5 + / - 0 . 4 , and 3 . 3 + / - 0 . 3 microM , respectively ) . 
The indomethacin metabolite 5'-O-desmethyl indomethacin ( 5'-DMI ) possessed binding affinity similar to indomethacin; however , elimination of the 2-methyl substituent on the indole ring resulted in a 10-fold decrease in binding affinity . 
No binding was detected for indole acetic acid and indole derivatives such as tryptophan , serotonin , and 5-hydroxy indole acetic acid , demonstrating the importance of the N-acyl moiety of indomethacin . 
Neutral derivatives of indomethacin also failed to bind to mCRTH2 , suggesting that the negatively charged carboxylate moiety participates in a key ligand-receptor interaction . 
Despite similar binding affinities , NSAID-type mCRTH2 ligands exhibited variable potencies as mCRTH2 agonists . 
Sulindac sulfide and 5'-DMI inhibited intracellular cyclic AMP ( [ cAMP ] i ) generation and stimulated cell migration comparable with indomethacin . 
In contrast , zomepirac did not inhibit [ cAMP ] i generation or stimulate cell migration but weakly antagonized the effects of indomethacin on [ cAMP ] i . 
Together , these results reveal structural features of arylacetic acid NSAIDs that may be exploited for the development of selective CRTH2 ligands . Androgen and estrogen play an important role in the pathogenesis of benign prostatic hyperplasia ( BPH ) . 
Estrogen exerts its action through two distinct estrogen receptors ( ERs ) either ER-α or ER-β . 
The phytoestrogenic property of silymarin ( SIL ) has been previously characterized . 
Thus , this study examined the protective effect of SIL against testosterone-induced BPH in rats . 
In an initial dose-response study , SIL in a dose of 50mg / kg was the most effective in preventing the rise in prostate weight , prostate weight / body weight ratio and histopathologic changes induced by testosterone . 
Testosterone significantly decreased ER-β and increased ER-α and AR expressions as compared to the control group and these effects were significantly ameliorated by SIL . 
Furthermore , SIL significantly protected against testosterone-provoked decline in mRNA expression of P21 ( WAF1 / Cip1 ) and Bax / Bcl-xl ratio as well as caspase-3 activity . 
SIL minimized the number of proliferating cell nuclear antigen ( PCNA ) positive cells as compared to testosterone-treated group . 
Moreover , SIL significantly blunted the inducible NF-κB expression and restored the oxidative status to within normal values in the prostatic tissues . 
Collectively these findings elucidate the effectiveness of SIL in preventing testosterone-induced BPH in rats . 
This could be attributed , at least partly , to its phytoestrogenic , pro-apoptotic and anti-oxidative properties . Besides their antiviral activity , type I Interferons ( IFN ) display context-specific immunomodulation . 
In contrast to long-known IFNα / β , Interleukin ( IL ) -22 is an anti-bacterial , largely tissue protective cytokine that recently gained attention . 
Herein , cellular IFNα / IL-22 interactions are investigated . 
We report that pre-conditioning of epithelial cells with IFNα initiated dramatic changes in IL-22 signaling normally dominated by signal transducer and activator of transcription ( STAT ) -3 . 
Specifically , by using human DLD1 colon epithelial / carcinoma cells we demonstrate that , upon IFNα , IL-22 converts into a cytokine robustly activating STAT1 and its downstream pro-inflammatory targets CXCL9 , CXCL10 , and inducible nitric oxide synthase ( iNOS ) . 
Accordingly , only after IFNα pre-incubation was IL-22-induced STAT1 binding to the CXCL10 promoter detectable . 
Using the viral mimic polyinosinic : polycytidylic acid and the IFNα / β antagonist B18R we furthermore demonstrate the capability of endogenous IFN to promote IL-22-induced STAT1 activation and expression of CXCL10 . 
IL-22-induced STAT1 activation subsequent to IFNα priming became likewise apparent in human Caco2 colon epithelial / carcinoma cells , HepG2 hepatoma cells , and primary keratinocytes . 
Current observations may relate to characteristics of IFNα / β in clinical therapy and expose margins of tissue protection by IL-22 application . Several proline derivatives such as L-azetidine-2-carboxylic acid , cis-4-hydroxy-L-proline , and 3 , 4-dehydro-DL-proline prevent procollagen from folding into a stable triple-helical conformation , thereby reducing excessive deposition of collagen in fibrotic processes and the growth of tumors . 
This study was performed to investigate whether the recently discovered human proton-coupled amino acid transporter 1 ( hPAT1 ) is capable of transporting such pharmacologically relevant proline derivatives and also GABA analogs . 
Uptake of L- [ 3H ] proline and [ 3H ] glycine in Caco-2 cells was Na + -independent but strongly H + -dependent . 
The L-proline uptake was saturable and mediated by a single transport system ( hPAT1 ) with an affinity constant of 2 . 0 + / - 0 . 2 mM . 
The uptake of L- [ 3H ] proline was inhibited by D-proline , trans-4-hydroxy-L-proline , cis-4-hydroxy-L-proline , cis-4-hydroxy-D-proline , 3 , 4-dehydro-DL-proline , L-azetidine-2-carboxylic acid , 3-amino-1-propanesulfonic acid , D- and L-pipecolic acid , l-thiaproline , and many others . 
Apical uptake and transepithelial flux of L- [ 3H ] proline across Caco-2 cell monolayers were strongly inhibited by proline derivatives in proportions corresponding to their respective affinity constants at hPAT1 . 
The basolateral to apical flux of L- [ 3H ] proline was only 8% of that in the opposite direction . 
Apical uptake of unlabeled L-proline , cis-4-hydroxy-L-proline , and L-azetidine-2-carboxylic acid was stimulated by an inside directed H + gradient 2- to 3-fold . 
Total apical to basolateral flux of proline derivatives was moderately correlated with their inhibitory potency for L- [ 3H ] proline uptake and flux inhibition . 
We conclude that 1 ) the substrate specificity of hPAT1 is very much broader than so far reported and 2 ) the system accepts therapeutically relevant proline and GABA derivatives . 
hPAT1 is a promising candidate for new ways of oral drug delivery . Chromatin-associated proteins HMGB1 / 2 and PDIA3 trigger cellular response to chemotherapy-induced DNA damage . Impact of Phytolacca americana Extracts on Gene Expression of Colon Cancer Cells . In vitro toxicity of camalexin derivatives in human cancer and non-cancer cells . Anti-diabetic property of Tinospora cordifolia and its active compound is mediated through the expression of Glut-4 in L6 myotubes . The dopamine D3 receptor ( DRD3 ) in the ventral striatum is thought to influence motivation and motor functions . 
Although the expression of DRD3 in the ventral striatum has been shown to exhibit 24-hour variations , the mechanisms underlying the variation remain obscure . 
Here , we demonstrated that molecular components of the circadian clock act as regulators that control the 24-hour variation in the expression of DRD3 . 
The transcription of DRD3 was enhanced by the retinoic acid-related orphan receptor α ( RORα ) , and its activation was inhibited by the orphan receptor REV-ERBα , an endogenous antagonist of RORα . 
The serum or dexamethasone-induced oscillation in the expression of DRD3 in cells was abrogated by the downregulation or overexpression of REV-ERBα , suggesting that REV-ERBα functions as a regulator of DRD3 oscillations in the cellular autonomous clock . 
Chromatin immunoprecipitation assays of the DRD3 promoter indicated that the binding of the REV-ERBα protein to the DRD3 promoter increased in the early dark phase . 
DRD3 protein expression varied with higher levels during the dark phase . 
Moreover , the effects of the DRD3 agonist 7-hydroxy-N , N-dipropyl-2-aminotetralin ( 7-OH-DPAT ) -induced locomotor hypoactivity were significantly increased when DRD3 proteins were abundant . 
These results suggest that RORα and REV-ERBα consist of a reciprocating mechanism wherein RORα upregulates the expression of DRD3 , whereas REV-ERBα periodically suppresses the expression at the time of day when REV-ERBα is abundant . 
Our present findings revealed that a molecular link between the circadian clock and the function of DRD3 in the ventral striatum acts as a modulator of the pharmacological actions of DRD3 agonists / antagonists . Metformin is an effective hypoglycemic drug that lowers blood glucose concentrations by decreasing hepatic glucose production and increasing glucose disposal in skeletal muscle; however , the molecular site of metformin action is not well understood . 
AMP-activated protein kinase ( AMPK ) activity increases in response to depletion of cellular energy stores , and this enzyme has been implicated in the stimulation of glucose uptake into skeletal muscle and the inhibition of liver gluconeogenesis . 
We recently reported that AMPK is activated by metformin in cultured rat hepatocytes , mediating the inhibitory effects of the drug on hepatic glucose production . 
In the present study , we evaluated whether therapeutic doses of metformin increase AMPK activity in vivo in subjects with type 2 diabetes . 
Metformin treatment for 10 weeks significantly increased AMPK alpha2 activity in the skeletal muscle , and this was associated with increased phosphorylation of AMPK on Thr172 and decreased acetyl-CoA carboxylase-2 activity . 
The increase in AMPK alpha2 activity was likely due to a change in muscle energy status because ATP and phosphocreatine concentrations were lower after metformin treatment . 
Metformin-induced increases in AMPK activity were associated with higher rates of glucose disposal and muscle glycogen concentrations . 
These findings suggest that the metabolic effects of metformin in subjects with type 2 diabetes may be mediated by the activation of AMPK alpha2 . Alterations in 5-HT ( 1A ) receptors and adenylyl cyclase response by trazodone in regions of rat brain . Atomoxetine : a review of its use in attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in children and adolescents . Boron-based inhibitors of acyl protein thioesterases 1 and 2 . Preparation of highly porous gastroretentive metformin tablets using a sublimation method . Although metabolites and energy balance have long been known to play roles in the regulation of food intake , the potential role of fatty acid metabolism in this process has been considered only recently . 
Fatty acid synthase ( FAS ) catalyzes the condensation of acetyl-CoA and malonyl-CoA to generate long-chain fatty acids in the cytoplasm , while the breakdown of fatty acids ( beta-oxidation ) occurs in mitochondria and is regulated by carnitine palmitoyltransferase-1 ( CPT-1 ) , the rate-limiting step for the entry of fatty acids into the mitochondria . 
Inhibition of FAS using cerulenin or synthetic FAS inhibitors such as C75 reduces food intake and induces profound reversible weight loss . 
Subsequent studies reveal that C75 also stimulates CPT-1 and increases beta-oxidation . 
Hypotheses as to the mechanisms by which C75 and cerulenin mediate their effects have been proposed . 
Centrally , these compounds alter the expression profiles of feeding-related neuropeptides , often inhibiting the expression of orexigenic peptides . 
Whether through centrally mediated or peripheral mechanisms , C75 also increases energy consumption , which contributes to weight loss . 
In vitro and in vivo studies demonstrate that at least part of C75's effects is mediated by modulation of AMP-activated protein kinase ( AMPK ) , a known peripheral energy-sensing kinase . 
Collectively , these data suggest a role for fatty acid metabolism in the perception and regulation of energy balance . The human multidrug and toxin extrusion ( MATE ) transporter 1 contributes to the tissue distribution and excretion of many drugs . 
Inhibition of MATE1 may result in potential drug-drug interactions ( DDIs ) and alterations in drug exposure and accumulation in various tissues . 
The primary goals of this project were to identify MATE1 inhibitors with clinical importance or in vitro utility and to elucidate the physicochemical properties that differ between MATE1 and OCT2 inhibitors . 
Using a fluorescence assay of ASP ( + ) uptake in cells stably expressing MATE1 , over 900 prescription drugs were screened and 84 potential MATE1 inhibitors were found . 
We identified several MATE1 selective inhibitors including four FDA-approved medications that may be clinically relevant MATE1 inhibitors and could cause a clinical DDI . 
In parallel , a QSAR model identified distinct molecular properties of MATE1 versus OCT2 inhibitors and was used to screen the DrugBank in silico library for new hits in a larger chemical space . Nizatidine ( LY139037 ) , a selective histamine H2-receptor antagonist , is a potent inhibitor of gastric acid secretion . 
It was 17 . 8 times as active as cimetidine on histamine ( 10 ( -5 ) M ) -induced secretion from the isolated gastric mucosa of the bullfrog . 
Nizatidine was 8 . 9 times as active as cimetidine on basal acid secretion of the chronic gastric fistula rats after s . 
c . 
administration . 
Against acid secretion from the vagally innervated gastric fistula and Heidenhain pouch of dogs stimulated with submaximal doses of histamine , methacholine and gastrin , nizatidine was , respectively , 6 . 5 , 5 and 4 . 7 times as active as cimetidine by i . 
v . 
administration . 
Nizatidine was very well absorbed from the gut and was 5 to 10 times as active as cimetidine on gastric acid secretion of dogs induced by submaximal and maximal doses of histamine when given p . 
o . 
Equal molar doses of nizatidine showed equal peak effects when given i . 
v . 
, s . 
c . 
or i . 
m . 
Pharmacological data indicate that nizatidine is safe and effective as an agent for the control of excessive gastric acid secretion . Hyperammonemia : regulation of argininosuccinate synthetase and argininosuccinate lyase genes in aggregating cell cultures of fetal rat brain . [ Rizatriptan ( Maxalt ) , a new entity of triptan for migraine : pharmacology and therapeutic relevance ] . Synaptic transmission is essential for early development of the central nervous system . 
However , the mechanisms that regulate early synaptic transmission in the cerebral cortex are unclear . 
PKMζ is a kinase essential for the maintenance of LTP . 
We show for the first time that inhibition of PKMζ produces a profound depression of basal synaptic transmission in neonatal , but not adult , rat perirhinal cortex . 
This suggests that synapses in early development are in a constitutive LTP-like state . 
Furthermore , basal synaptic transmission in immature , but not mature , perirhinal cortex relies on persistent activity of metabotropic glutamate ( mGlu ) receptor , PI3Kinase and mammalian target of rapamycin ( mTOR ) . 
Thus early in development , cortical synapses exist in an LTP-like state maintained by tonically active mGlu receptor- , mTOR- and PKMζ- dependent cascades . 
These results provide new understanding of the molecular mechanisms that control synapses during development and may aid our understanding of developmental disorders such as autism and schizophrenia . 
This article is part of a Special Issue entitled 'Metabotropic Glutamate Receptors' . The 1976C>T polymorphism in the adenosine A2A receptor gene does not affect the vasodilator response to adenosine in humans in vivo . RATIONALE : Patients with major depression show hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal ( HPA ) axis hyperactivity , but the mechanisms underlying this abnormality are still unclear . 
OBJECTIVES : We have compared two synthetic glucorticoids , dexamethasone and prednisolone , in their ability to suppress the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal ( HPA ) axis in depressed patients . 
Dexamethasone probes glucocorticoid receptor ( GR ) function , while prednisolone probes both GR and mineralocorticoid receptor ( MR ) function . 
MATERIALS AND METHODS : We used a single-blind , repeated-measure design . 
We administered placebo , prednisolone ( 5 mg ) or dexamethasone ( 0 . 5 mg ) , at 22 : 00 , to 18 severe , treatment-resistant depressed inpatients ( 15 of them with a history of childhood trauma ) and 14 healthy volunteers . 
On the following days , we collected salivary cortisol from 9 : 00 to 22 : 00 . 
RESULTS : Depressed patients had higher salivary cortisol levels compared with controls , at baseline and after both prednisolone and dexamethasone ( p<0 . 001 ) . 
Consistent with previous studies , depressed inpatients showed impaired suppression by dexamethasone : based on the analysis of the areas under the curve ( AUCs ) , suppression by dexamethasone ( 0 . 5 mg ) was -85% in controls vs -46% in depressed patients ( p = 0 . 018 ) . 
However , the same depressed patients showed normal suppression by prednisolone ( 5 mg ) : suppression was -41% in controls and -36% in depressed patients ( p = 0 . 6 ) . 
CONCLUSIONS : We suggest that the additional effects of prednisolone on the MR explain the different responses to these glucocorticoids in the same depressed patients . Adenosine monophosphate-activated kinase ( PRKA ) is a serine / threonine kinase that functions as a metabolic switch in a number of physiological functions . 
The present study was undertaken to assess the role of this kinase in nuclear maturation of porcine oocytes . 
RT-PCR and immunoblotting revealed the expression of the PRKAA1 subunit in granulosa cells , cumulus-oocyte complexes ( COC ) , and denuded oocytes ( DO ) . 
Porcine COC and DO contained transcripts that corresponded to the expected sizes of the designed primers for PRKAB1 and PRKAG1 . 
The PRKAA2 subunit was detected in granulosa cells and COC , whereas the PRKAG3 subunit was not detected in granulosa cells , COC or DO , whereas it was detected in the heart . 
The PRKAA1 protein was detected in granulosa cells , COC , DO , and zona pellucida ( ZP ) . 
In the presence of the pharmacological activator of PRKA 5-aminoimidazole-4-carboxamide-1-beta-D-ribofuranosyl 5'-monophosphate ( ZMP ) , COC were transiently maintained in meiotic arrest in a fully reversible manner . 
This inhibitory effect was not observed in DO . 
Other known PRKA activators , 5-aminoimidazole-4-carboxamide-1-beta-D-ribofuranoside ( AICAR ) and metformin , also blocked meiotic resumption in COC . 
In contrast to mouse oocytes , in which PRKA activators reverse the inhibitory effect of PDE3 inhibitors , this combination still blocked meiotic resumption in porcine COC . 
These results demonstrate that the meiotic resumption of porcine COC is transiently blocked by PRKA activators in a dose-dependent manner , and that this effect is dependent on PRKA activity in cumulus cells . 
The present study describes a new role for PRKA in regulating meiotic resumption in COC and strongly suggests that cumulus cells play an essential role in the control of porcine oocyte maturation through the PRKA metabolic switch . This article summarizes the current knowledge on the benefit / risk profile from the use of low-dose corticosteroids and activated protein C in treating septic shock . 
Physicians should consider using low-dose corticosteroids and drotrecogin alpha activated in the treatment of patients who have vasopressor-dependent septic shock with persistent signs of hypoperfusion , organ dysfunction , or hypotension . 
The optimal timing for initiating these treatments is from 6 to 24 hours from onset of shock . 
When patients are receiving these drugs , physicians should systematically screen for superinfection and serious bleeding events . Synthesis and evaluation of 8-oxoadenine derivatives as potent Toll-like receptor 7 agonists with high water solubility . Most successful vaccines are able to induce persistent antibody responses that can last a lifetime . 
Emerging evidences indicate that activation of immune cells through pattern recognition receptors ( PRRs ) such as Toll-like receptors ( TLRs ) or Nod-like receptors ( NLRs ) may be critical mechanisms . 
Among PRRs , the use of TLR ligands as adjuvants is already largely described whereas the use of NLRs ligands remains largely unexplored . 
As activation of intracytoplasmic NLRs is able to induce proinflammatory molecules , the added value of encapsulation of Nod1 and Nod2 receptor ligands into Poly ( Lactic Acid ) ( PLA ) biodegradable nanocarriers to modulate their immune properties on human dendritic cells ( DCs ) maturation has been evaluated . 
Their ability to induce systemic immune responses in mice was also measured and compared to free ligands and the Alum adjuvant . 
Nod ligands encapsulated into PLA NPs were efficiently taken up by DCs and subsequently induced a strong up-regulation of maturation markers and the enhancement of proinflammatory cytokine secretion by DCs . 
Furthermore , co-injection of encapsulated Nod-ligands with PLA particles carrying Gag p24 HIV-1 antigen allowed a 100 fold increase in antibody responses in comparison to Alum . 
These results suggest that encapsulation of Nod ligands into PLA-NPs could be an effective way to improve vaccine efficiency . Retinoid-induced hemorrhaging and bone toxicity in rats fed diets deficient in vitamin K . Identification of aldo-keto reductases as NRF2-target marker genes in human cells . Differential expression of long non-coding RNAs ( lncRNAs ) plays critical roles in hepatocarcinogenesis . 
Considerable attention has focused on the antitumor effect of histone deacetylase inhibitor ( Trichostatin A , TSA ) as well as the coding gene expression-induced apoptosis of cancer cells . 
However , it is not known whether lncRNA has a role in TSA-induced apoptosis of human hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) cells . 
The global expression of lncRNAs and coding genes was analyzed with the Human LncRNA Array V2 . 0 after 24h treatment . 
Expression was verified in cell lines and tissues by quantitative real-time PCR . 
The data showed that 4 . 8% ( 959 ) of lncRNA and 6 . 1% ( 1849 ) of protein coding gene were significantly differentially expressed . 
The differential expressions of lncRNA and protein coding genes had distinguishable hierarchical clustering expression profiling pattern . 
Among these differentially expressed lncRNAs , the greatest change was noted for uc002mbe . 2 , which had more than 300 folds induction upon TSA treatment . 
TSA selectively induced uc002mbe . 2 in four studied HCC cell lines . 
Compared with normal human hepatocytes and adjacent noncancerous tissues , uc002mbe . 2 expression level was significantly lower in the HCC cell lines and liver cancer tissues . 
The TSA-induced uc002mbe . 2 expression was positively correlated with the apoptotic effect of TSA in HCC cells . 
In addition , knockdown the expression of uc002mbe . 2 significantly reduced TSA-induced apoptosis of Huh7cells . 
Therefore , TSA-induced apoptosis of HCC cells is uc002mbe . 2 dependent and reduced expression of uc002mbe . 2 may be associated with liver carcinogenesis . Steroidogenesis in the unfertilized hamster ova was investigated by indirect immunofluorescence study . 
delta 5-3 beta-Hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase ( delta 5-3 beta-HSD ) activity was found in hamster follicular and ovulatory ova with pregnenolone used as the substrate . 
A significant quantity of 17 beta-estradiol was detected in the ooplasm of follicular and ovulatory ova . 
No progesterone was found . 
The activity of delta 5-3 beta-HSD in follicular and ovulatory ova was inhibited by preincubation with 10 IU of human chorionic gonadotropin ( hCG ) in 1 ml of phosphate buffer solution . 
Trilostane , a potent new inhibitor of the delta 5-3 beta-HSD system , was found to inhibit the activity of delta 5-3 beta-HSD in ovulatory ova in 1 ml of phosphate buffer solution at a concentration of 10 ( -7 ) M . 
After these results were obtained , steroidogenesis of hamster ova was suggested in an indirect immunofluorescence study , and the implications of steroidogenesis for oocyte maturation and subsequent fertilization are discussed . Ocular hypotensive FP prostaglandin ( PG ) analogs : PG receptor subtype binding affinities and selectivities , and agonist potencies at FP and other PG receptors in cultured cells . Estradiol modulation of astrocytic form and function : implications for hormonal control of synaptic communication . The structure and properties of septin 3 : a possible missing link in septin filament formation . Fluoresceinated human albumin conjugated with histamine ( FHA-HIS ) has been used for the demonstration of histamine receptors on human platelets . 
Such receptors were demonstrated on 40-63% of peripheral blood platelets in 4 healthy donors . 
The binding of FHA-HIS was inhibited on 35-79% of the platelets by the histamine H1 receptor antagonists diphenhydramine and clemastine . 
The histamine H2 receptor antagonist cimetidine blocked the FHA-HIS binding on 14-37% of the platelets . 
It is concluded that histamine H1 as well as H2 receptors occur on human platelets but the receptors are not equally distributed in the platelet population . Group III metabotropic glutamate ( mGlu ) receptors are localized in presynaptic terminals within basal ganglia ( BG ) circuitry that become hyperactive due to dopamine depletion in Parkinson's disease ( PD ) . 
For this reason , group III mGlu receptors , in particular mGlu4 , have been considered as key strategic targets for non-dopaminergic pharmacological treatments aimed at modulating these synapses , without producing the well known side-effects of l-DOPA , in particular the highly disabling l-DOPA-induced dyskinesia ( LID ) . 
Herein we add physiological and functional support to this hypothesis using Lu AF21934 , a novel selective and brain-penetrant mGlu4 receptor positive allosteric modulator ( PAM ) tool compound . 
By in vitro electrophysiological recordings we demonstrate that Lu AF21934 inhibits corticostriatal synaptic transmission and enhances the effect of the orthosteric mGlu4 receptor-preferred agonist LSP1-2111 . 
In naïve rats , Lu AF21934 dose-dependently ( 10 and 30 mg / kg ) alleviated haloperidol-induced catalepsy . 
In hemiparkinsonian rats ( unilateral 6-hydroxydopamine lesion of the substantia nigra pars compacta ) , Lu AF21934 alone did not affect akinesia at the doses tested ( 10 and 30 mg / kg ) . 
However , when Lu AF21934 was combined with sub-threshold doses of l-DOPA ( 1 and 5 mg / kg ) , it acted synergistically in alleviating akinesia in a dose-dependent manner and , notably , also reduced the incidence of LID but not its severity . 
Interestingly , these effects occurred at Lu AF21934 brain free concentrations that showed functional activity in in vitro screens ( calcium flux and electrophysiology assays ) . 
These results support the potential for antiparkinsonian clinical use of a combined treatment consisting in l-DOPA and a mGlu4 receptor PAM to reduce efficacious l-DOPA doses ( generally known as l-DOPA sparing ) , while maintaining the same benefit on PD motor troubles , and at the same time minimizing the development of LID . 
This article is part of a Special Issue entitled 'Metabotropic Glutamate Receptors' . Inhibition of Ebola Virus Infection : Identification of Niemann-Pick C1 as the Target by Optimization of a Chemical Probe . Gonadotropin-releasing hormone ( GnRH ) receptor-bearing tumors undergo apoptosis in vivo and in vitro with GnRH analogs . 
We recently showed that GnRH stimulation induces intratumoral expression of the apoptosis-inducing Fas ligand in human reproductive tract tumors . 
To provide a potential association of Fas / Fas ligand system with the antiproliferative signaling process of GnRH receptor , we evaluated a correlation between the Fas ligand expression and the number of viable cells in two types of GnRH receptor-bearing endometrial carcinomas that differ in Fas content . 
Surgically removed uterine endometrial carcinomas had been screened for the presence of GnRH receptor and Fas before analyses . 
Fas ligand protein was characterized by immunoblotting of membrane proteins with the specific antibody . 
After a lag time of 2 days , incubation with a GnRH analog leuprolide ( 10 microM ) induced significant growth inhibition of the Fas- and GnRH receptor-bearing cells ( p<0 . 01 ) . 
Time course analysis showed that Fas ligand production , which was already observed at day 2 ( p<0 . 01 ) , precedes the onset of reduction in viable cell number . 
The stimulatory effect of GnRH on Fas ligand expression and reduction of viable cells revealed dose-dependency . 
The analog at concentration of 10 microM induced up to 90% reduction in cell number . 
In contrast , the growth of Fas-negative cells was not affected by the analog , although Fas ligand appeared in response to the GnRH analog ( p<0 . 01 ) . 
These data demonstrate that the co-presence of Fas could be essential for GnRH to promote antiproliferative action in endometrial cancer cells carrying GnRH receptor . 
The hormone may act through intratumor Fas and Fas ligand system to induced growth inhibition in GnRH-sensitive tumors . Dietary Mg ( 2 + ) supplementation restores impaired vasoactive responses in isolated rat aorta induced by chronic ethanol consumption . A serine-based zwitterionic poly ( serine methacrylate ) ( pSerMA ) was developed in this work to be used as a potential antifouling material . 
A surface-initiated photoiniferter-mediated polymerization ( SI-PIMP ) method was used to graft polymer brushes on gold surfaces . 
The pSerMA-grafted samples with different polymer film thicknesses were readily prepared by varying the UV-irradiation time . 
With the optimal film thickness , the adsorptions from bovine serum albumin , human serum , and human plasma onto the pSerMA-grafted surfaces , as evaluated by a surface plasmon resonance ( SPR ) biosensor , were 1 . 8 , 9 . 2 , and 12 . 9 ng / cm ( 2 ) , respectively , comparable to the traditional antifouling material such as poly ( ethylene glycol ) . 
The pSerMA-grafted surfaces also strongly resisted adhesion from bovine aortic endothelial cells . 
This is the first work to develop an amino acid-based zwitterionic polymer as an antifouling material , demonstrating that pSerMA is a promising alternative to the traditional ethylene glycol-based antifouling materials . Fibrate treatment in mice is known to modulate high density lipoprotein ( HDL ) metabolism by regulating apolipoprotein ( apo ) AI and apoAII gene expression . 
In addition to alterations in plasma HDL levels , fibrates induce the emergence of large , cholesteryl ester-rich HDL in treated transgenic mice expressing human apoAI ( HuAITg ) . 
The mechanisms of these changes may not be restricted to the modulation of apolipoprotein gene expression , and the aim of the present study was to determine whether the expression of factors known to affect HDL metabolism ( i . 
e . 
phospholipid transfer protein ( PLTP ) , lecithin : cholesterol acyltransferase , and hepatic lipase ) are modified in fenofibrate-treated mice . 
Significant rises in plasma PLTP activity were observed after 2 weeks of fenofibrate treatment in both wild-type and HuAITg mice . 
Simultaneously , hepatic PLTP mRNA levels increased in a dose-dependent fashion . 
In contrast to PLTP , lecithin : cholesterol acyltransferase mRNA levels in HuAITg mice were not significantly modified by fenofibrate despite a significant decrease in plasma cholesterol esterification activity . 
Fenofibrate did not induce any change in hepatic lipase activity . 
Fenofibrate significantly increased HDL size , an effect that was more pronounced in HuAITg mice than in wild-type mice . 
This effect in wild-type mice was completely abolished in PLTP-deficient mice . 
Finally , fenofibrate treatment did not influence PLTP activity or hepatic mRNA in peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha-deficient mice . 
It is concluded that 1 ) fenofibrate treatment increases plasma phospholipid transfer activity as the result of up-regulation of PLTP gene expression through a peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha-dependent mechanism , and 2 ) increased plasma PLTP levels account for the marked enlargement of HDL in fenofibrate-treated mice . Driven by a multidisciplinary approach combination ( Structure-Based ( SB ) Three-Dimensional Quantitative Structure-Activity Relationships ( 3-D QSAR ) , molecular modeling , organic chemistry and various biological evaluations ) here is reported the disclosure of new thienopyrimidines 1-3 as inhibitors of KDR activity and human umbilical vein endothelial cell ( HUVEC ) proliferation . 
More specifically , compound 2f represents a new lead compound that inhibits VEGFR-2 and HUVEC at μM concentration . 
Moreover by the mean of an endothelial cell tube formation in vitro model 2f tartaric acid salt proved to block angiogenesis of HUVEC at μM level . pH-responsive composite microspheres , consisting of a core of Fe3O4 nanoparticle , a sandwiched layer of mesoporous silica and a shell of crosslinked poly ( methacrylic acid ) ( PMAA ) , were successfully synthesized via distillation precipitation polymerization . 
The pKa of the composite microsphere increased with the increase in the crosslinking density . 
Doxorubicin hydrochloride ( DOX ) was applied as a model drug , and the behavior of drug storage / release was investigated . 
The cumulative release of DOX-loaded composite microsphere in vitro showed that the drug release rate was much faster below its pKa than that of above its pKa . 
Because pH of most tumor tissues was lower than that of normal tissues , the pH-responsive composite microspheres are promising drug delivery system especially for cancer therapy . 2-Hydroxy-3-methylanthraquinone from Hedyotis diffusa Willd induces apoptosis in human leukemic U937 cells through modulation of MAPK pathways . The effects of several beta-adrenoceptor antagonists on the desipramine-induced increase in aggressive behavior in long-term isolated mice were examined . 
Desipramine HCl ( 10 mg / kg , IP ) significantly increased the duration of aggressive behavior in isolated mice but did not significantly change the latency to the first attack consistent with our previous reports . 
Intraperitoneal administration of ( + / - ) propranolol HCl ( 2 . 5-10 mg / kg ) , a nonselective beta-adrenoceptor antagonist , dose dependently attenuated the desipramine-induced enhancement of aggressive behavior without significantly affecting the basal aggressive responses . 
ICI118 , 551 HCl ( 1 . 25-5 mg / kg , IP ) , a selective beta 2-adrenoceptor antagonist , also blocked the desipramine-induced enhancement of aggressive behavior in a dose-dependent manner , whereas metoprolol tartrate ( 5-20 mg / kg , IP ) , a selective beta 1-adrenoceptor antagonist , did not affect it . 
Moreover , clenbuterol HCl ( 0 . 1-0 . 5 mg / kg , IP ) , a lipophilic beta 2-adrenoceptor agonist , significantly increased the duration of basal aggressive behavior . 
Taken together with our previous finding that the desipramine-induced enhancement of aggressive behavior can be blocked by yohimbine , an alpha 2-adrenoceptor antagonist , the present results indicate that not only alpha 2- but also beta 2-adrenoceptor stimulation plays important roles in modulation of aggressive behavior in long-term isolated mice . Mosquitoes are vectors of several major human diseases and their control is mainly based on the use of chemical insecticides . 
Resistance of mosquitoes to organochlorines , organophosphates , carbamates and pyrethroids led to a regain of interest for the use of neonicotinoid insecticides in vector control . 
The present study investigated the molecular basis of neonicotinoid resistance in the mosquito Aedes aegypti . 
A strain susceptible to insecticides was selected at the larval stage with imidacloprid . 
After eight generations of selection , larvae of the selected strain ( Imida-R ) showed a 5 . 4-fold increased tolerance to imidacloprid while adult tolerance level remained low . 
Imida-R larvae showed significant cross-tolerance to other neonicotinoids but not to pyrethroids , organophosphates and carbamates . 
Transcriptome profiling identified 344 and 108 genes differentially transcribed in larvae and adults of the Imida-R strain compared to the parental strain . 
Most of these genes encode detoxification enzymes , cuticle proteins , hexamerins as well as other proteins involved in cell metabolism . 
Among detoxification enzymes , cytochrome P450 monooxygenases ( CYPs ) and glucosyl / glucuronosyl transferases ( UDPGTs ) were over-represented . 
Bioassays with enzyme inhibitors and biochemical assays confirmed the contribution of P450s with an increased capacity of the Imida-R microsomes to metabolize imidacloprid in presence of NADPH . 
Comparison of substrate recognition sites and imidacloprid docking models of six CYP6s over-transcribed in the Imida-R strain together with Bemisia tabaci CYP6CM1vQ and Drosophila melanogaster CYP6G1 , both able to metabolize imidacloprid , suggested that CYP6BB2 and CYP6N12 are good candidates for imidacloprid metabolism in Ae . 
aegypti . 
The present study revealed that imidacloprid tolerance in mosquitoes can arise after few generations of selection at the larval stage but does not lead to a significant tolerance of adults . 
As in other insects , P450-mediated insecticide metabolism appears to play a major role in imidacloprid tolerance in mosquitoes . Marked improvement in glycemic control occurs in patients with type 2 diabetes ( T2DM ) shortly after Roux-en-Y gastric bypass surgery ( RYGB ) and before there is major weight loss . 
The objective of this study was to determine if the magnitude of this change is primarily due to caloric restriction or is unique to the surgical procedure . 
We studied eleven subjects who underwent RYGB and fourteen subjects mean-matched for BMI , HbA1c and diabetes duration who were admitted to our inpatient research unit and given a very low calorie diet ( VLCD ) of 500 kcal / day with a macronutrient content similar to that consumed by patients after RYGB . 
Frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance tests were performed before and after interventions . 
Both groups lost an equivalent amount of weight over a mean study period of 21 days . 
Insulin sensitivity , acute insulin secretion after intravenous glucose administration and beta-cell function as determined by disposition index improved to a similar extent in both groups . 
Likewise , changes in fasting glucose and fructosamine levels were similar . 
Based on these data , VLCD improves insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function just as well as RYGB in the short term . 
This study was registered in ClinicalTrials . 
gov NCT00627484 . Low oxygen tension maintains multipotency , whereas normoxia increases differentiation of mouse bone marrow stromal cells . The asymmetric transbilayer distribution of phosphatidylserine ( PS ) in the mammalian plasma membrane and secretory vesicles is maintained , in part , by an ATP-dependent transporter . 
This aminophospholipid "flippase" selectively transports PS to the cytosolic leaflet of the bilayer and is sensitive to vanadate , Ca ( 2 + ) , and modification by sulfhydryl reagents . 
Although the flippase has not been positively identified , a subfamily of P-type ATPases has been proposed to function as transporters of amphipaths , including PS and other phospholipids . 
A candidate PS flippase ATP8A1 ( ATPase II ) , originally isolated from bovine secretory vesicles , is a member of this subfamily based on sequence homology to the founding member of the subfamily , the yeast protein Drs2 , which has been linked to ribosomal assembly , the formation of Golgi-coated vesicles , and the maintenance of PS asymmetry . 
To determine if ATP8A1 has biochemical characteristics consistent with a PS flippase , a murine homologue of this enzyme was expressed in insect cells and purified . 
The purified Atp8a1 is inactive in detergent micelles or in micelles containing phosphatidylcholine , phosphatidic acid , or phosphatidylinositol , is minimally activated by phosphatidylglycerol or phosphatidylethanolamine ( PE ) , and is maximally activated by PS . 
The selectivity for PS is dependent upon multiple elements of the lipid structure . 
Similar to the plasma membrane PS transporter , Atp8a1 is activated only by the naturally occurring sn-1 , 2-glycerol isomer of PS and not the sn-2 , 3-glycerol stereoisomer . 
Both flippase and Atp8a1 activities are insensitive to the stereochemistry of the serine headgroup . 
Most modifications of the PS headgroup structure decrease recognition by the plasma membrane PS flippase . 
Activation of Atp8a1 is also reduced by these modifications; phosphatidylserine-O-methyl ester , lysophosphatidylserine , glycerophosphoserine , and phosphoserine , which are not transported by the plasma membrane flippase , do not activate Atp8a1 . 
Weakly translocated lipids ( PE , phosphatidylhydroxypropionate , and phosphatidylhomoserine ) are also weak Atp8a1 activators . 
However , N-methyl-phosphatidylserine , which is transported by the plasma membrane flippase at a rate equivalent to PS , is incapable of activating Atp8a1 activity . 
These results indicate that the ATPase activity of the secretory granule Atp8a1 is activated by phospholipids binding to a specific site whose properties ( PS selectivity , dependence upon glycerol but not serine , stereochemistry , and vanadate sensitivity ) are similar to , but distinct from , the properties of the substrate binding site of the plasma membrane flippase . Cardiovascular events associated with rofecoxib : final analysis of the APPROVe trial . Two highly divergent alcohol dehydrogenases of melon exhibit fruit ripening-specific expression and distinct biochemical characteristics . Carnitine acyltransferases are a family of ubiquitous enzymes that play a pivotal role in cellular energy metabolism . 
We report here the x-ray structure of human carnitine acetyltransferase to a 1 . 6-A resolution . 
This structure reveals a monomeric protein of two equally sized alpha / beta domains . 
Each domain is shown to have a partially similar fold to other known but oligomeric enzymes that are also involved in group-transfer reactions . 
The unique monomeric arrangement of the two domains constitutes a central narrow active site tunnel , indicating a likely universal feature for all members of the carnitine acyltransferase family . 
Superimposition of the substrate complex of a related protein , dihydrolipoyl trans-acetylase , reveals that both substrates localize to the active site tunnel of human carnitine acetyltransferase , suggesting the location of the ligand binding sites for carnitine and coenzyme A . 
Most significantly , this structure provides critical insights into the molecular basis for fatty acyl chain transfer and a possible common mechanism among a wide range of acyltransferases utilizing a catalytic dyad . Clinical pharmacology of tramadol . Formation of Mallory body-like inclusions and cell death induced by deregulated expression of keratin 18 . Bromocriptine and clozapine regulate dopamine 2 receptor gene expression in the mouse striatum . Enzyme-assisted aqueous extraction ( EAE ) of peanut kernel was used to extract oil and protein . 
The aqueous fraction ( AF ) obtained by EAE had a better essential amino acid profile than the residues obtained by solvent extraction ( Rs ) and cold pressing ( Rc ) . 
No major difference in the trypsin inhibitor activity among AF , Rs and Rc was observed; however , the trypsin inhibitor activity was drastically reduced in the residue obtained after EAE . 
AF was subjected to MALDI-TOF / MS , revealing it to be rich in peptides ( 107 ) with molecular masses from m / z 700 to 2369Da . 
AF had an extremely low phytate content and was rich in peptides , which could be used as a food supplement . 
ESI-MS / MS data were used for the identification of major peanut allergens , viz . 
, Ara h1 , h3 , h6-8 . 
Their allergenic potential needs to be established . OBJECTIVE : The functional integrity of articular cartilage is determined by a balance between chondrocyte biosynthesis of extracellular matrix and its degradation . 
In osteoarthritis ( OA ) , the balance is disturbed by an increase in matrix degradative enzymes and a decrease in biosynthesis of constitutive extracellular matrix molecules , such as collagen type II and aggrecan . 
In this study , we examined the effects of the sulfate salt of glucosamine ( GS ) on the mRNA and protein levels of the proteoglycan aggrecan and on the activity of matrix metalloproteinase ( MMP ) -3 in cultured human OA articular chondrocytes . 
DESIGN : Freshly isolated chondrocytes were obtained from knee cartilage of patients with OA . 
Levels of aggrecan and MMP-3 were determined in culture media by employing Western blots after incubation with GS at concentrations ranging from 0 . 2 to 200 microM . 
Zymography ( casein ) was performed to confirm that effects observed at the protein level were reflected at the level of enzymatic activity . 
Northern hybridizations were used to examine effects of GS on levels of aggrecan and MMP-3 mRNA . 
Glycosaminoglycan ( GAG ) assays were performed on the cell layers to determine levels of cell-associated GAG component of proteoglycans . 
RESULTS : Treatment of OA chondrocytes with GS ( 1 . 0-150 microM ) resulted in a dose-dependent increase in aggrecan core protein levels , which reached 120% at 150 microM GS . 
These effects appeared to be due to increased expression of the corresponding gene as indicated by an increase in aggrecan mRNA levels in response to GS . 
MMP-3 levels decreased ( 18-65% ) as determined by Western blots . 
Reduction of MMP-3 protein was accompanied by a parallel reduction in enzymatic activity . 
GS caused a dose-dependent increase ( 25-140% ) in cell-associated GAG content . 
Chondrocytes obtained from 40% of OA patients failed to respond to GS . 
CONCLUSIONS : The results indicate that GS can stimulate mRNA and protein levels of aggrecan core protein and , at the same time , inhibit production and enzymatic activity of matrix-degrading MMP-3 in chondrocytes from OA articular cartilage . 
These results provide a cogent molecular mechanism to support clinical observations suggesting that GS may have a beneficial effect in the prevention of articular cartilage loss in some patients with OA . Versatile conjugation of octreotide to dendrimers by cycloaddition ( "click" ) chemistry to yield high-affinity multivalent cyclic Peptide dendrimers . Structure-activity relationship of neomycin , paromomycin , and neamine-arginine conjugates , targeting HIV-1 gp120-CXCR4 binding step . Thionamides , inhibitors of the thyroid peroxidase-mediated iodination , are clinically used in the treatment of hyperthyroidism . 
However , the use of antithyroid drugs is associated with immunomodulatory effects , and recent studies with thionamide-related heterocyclic thioderivates demonstrated direct anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressive properties . 
Using primary human T-lymphocytes , we show that the heterocyclic thionamides carbimazole and propylthiouracil inhibit synthesis of the proinflammatory cytokines tumor necrosis factor ( TNF ) alpha and interferon ( IFN ) gamma . 
In addition , DNA binding of nuclear factor ( NF ) -kappaB , a proinflammatory transcription factor that regulates both TNFalpha and IFNgamma synthesis , and NF-kappaB-dependent reporter gene expression were reduced . 
Abrogation of NF-kappaB activity was accompanied by reduced phosphorylation and proteolytic degradation of inhibitor of kappaB ( IkappaB ) alpha , the inhibitory subunit of the NF-kappaB complex . 
Carbimazole inhibited NF-kappaB via the small GTPase Rac-1 , whereas propylthiouracil inhibited the phosphorylation of IkappaBalpha by its kinase inhibitor of kappaB kinase alpha . 
Methimazole had no effect on NF-kappaB induction , demonstrating that drug potency correlated with the chemical reactivity of the thionamide-associated sulfur group . 
Taken together , our data demonstrate that thioureylenes with a common , heterocyclic structure inhibit inflammation and immune function via the NF-kappaB pathway . 
Our results may explain the observed remission of proinflammatory diseases upon antithyroid therapy in hyperthyroid patients . 
The use of related thioureylenes may provide a new therapeutic basis for the development and application of anti-inflammatory compounds . 1 . 
The effects of L-glutamate on activation-induced cell death ( AICD ) of human activated ( 1 microg ml ( -1 ) phytohemagglutinin plus 2 U ml ( -1 ) interleukin-2; 8 days ) T lymphocytes were studied by measuring anti-CD3 monoclonal antibody ( 10 microg ml ( -1 ) ; 18 h ) -induced cell apoptosis ( Annexin V and propidium iodide staining ) . 
2 . 
L-Glutamate ( 1 x 10 ( -8 ) -1 x 10 ( -4 ) M ) significantly ( P < or = 0 . 01 ) inhibited AICD in a concentration-dependent manner ( EC50 = 6 . 3 x 10 ( -8 ) M; maximum inhibition 54 . 8 + / -6 . 3% at 1 x 10 ( -6 ) M ) . 
3 . 
The L-glutamate inhibitory effect was pharmacologically characterized as mediated by group I mGlu receptors , since mGlu receptor agonists reproduced this effect . 
The EC50 values were : 3 . 2 x 10 ( -7 ) M for ( 1S , 3R ) -ACPD; 4 . 5 x 10 ( -8 ) M for quisqualate; 1 . 0 x 10 ( -6 ) M for ( S ) -3 , 5-DHPG; 2 . 0 x 10 ( -5 ) M for CHPG . 
4 . 
Group I mGlu receptor antagonists inhibited the effects of quisqualate 1 . 0 x 10 ( -6 ) M . 
The IC50 values calculated were : 8 . 7 x 10 ( -5 ) , 4 . 3 x 10 ( -6 ) and 6 . 3 x 10 ( -7 ) M for AIDA , LY 367385 and MPEP , respectively . 
5 . 
L-Glutamate ( 1 x 10 ( -6 ) M; 18 h ) significantly ( P < or = 0 . 05 ) inhibited FasL expression ( 40 . 8 + / -11 . 3% ) ( cytofluorimetric analysis ) , whereas it did not affect Fas signalling . 
6 . 
Expression of both mGlu1 and mGlu5 receptor mRNA by T lymphocytes and T-cell lines , as demonstrated by reverse transcriptase-PCR analysis , suggests that L-glutamate-mediated inhibition of AICD was exerted on T cells . 
7 . 
These data depict a novel role for L-glutamate in the regulation of the immune response through group I mGlu receptor-mediated mechanisms . N-Acetylglucosamine-1-phosphodiester alpha-N-Acetylglucosaminidase ( EC 3 . 1 . 4 . 45; phosphodiester alpha-GlcNAcase ) catalyzes the second step in the synthesis of the mannose 6-phosphate determinant required for efficient intracellular targeting of newly synthesized lysosomal hydrolases to the lysosome . 
A partially purified preparation of phosphodiester alpha-GlcNAcase from bovine pancreas was used to generate a panel of murine monoclonal antibodies . 
The anti-phosphodiester alpha-GlcNAcase monoclonal antibody UC1 was coupled to a solid support and used to immunopurify the bovine liver enzyme 670 , 000-fold in two steps to apparent homogeneity with an overall yield of 14% . 
The purified phosphodiester alpha-GlcNAcase has a specific activity of 498 micromol of [ 3H ] GlcNAc-alpha-phosphomannose-alpha-methyl cleaved per h per mg of protein using 0 . 5 mM [ 3H ] GlcNAc-alpha-phosphomannose-alpha-methyl as substrate . 
The subunit structure of the enzyme was determined using a combination of analytical gel filtration chromatography , SDS-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis , and amino-terminal sequencing . 
The data indicate that bovine phosphodiester alpha-GlcNAcase is a 272 , 000-Da complex of four identical 68 , 000-Da glycoprotein subunits arranged as two disulfide-linked homodimers . 
A soluble form of the enzyme , isolated from fetal bovine serum , showed the same subunit structure . 
Both forms of the enzyme reacted with a rabbit antibody raised to the amino-terminal peptide of the liver enzyme , suggesting that phosphodiester alpha-GlcNAcase is a type I membrane-spanning glycoprotein with its amino terminus in the lumen of the Golgi apparatus . Thymidylate synthase : a critical target in cancer Regulation of CYP2B6 and CYP3A expression by hydroxymethylglutaryl coenzyme A inhibitors in primary cultured human hepatocytes . The transcription factor interferon regulatory factor 5 ( IRF5 ) exerts crucial functions in the regulation of host immunity against extracellular pathogens , DNA damage-induced apoptosis , death receptor signaling , and macrophage polarization . 
Tight regulation of IRF5 is thus warranted for an efficient response toward extracellular stressors and for limiting autoimmune and inflammatory responses . 
Here we report that the COP9 signalosome ( CSN ) , a general modulator of diverse cellular and developmental processes , associates constitutively with IRF5 and promotes its protein stability . 
The constitutive CSN / IRF5 interaction was identified using proteomics and confirmed by endogenous immunoprecipitations . 
The CSN / IRF5 interaction occurred on the carboxyl and amino termini of IRF5; a single internal deletion from amino acids 455 to 466 ( Δ455-466 ) was found to significantly reduce IRF5 protein stability . 
CSN subunit 3 ( CSN3 ) was identified as a direct interacting partner of IRF5 , and knockdown of this subunit with small interfering RNAs resulted in enhanced degradation . 
Degradation was further augmented by knockdown of CSN1 and CSN3 together . 
The ubiquitin E1 inhibitor UBEI-41 or the proteasome inhibitor MG132 prevented IRF5 degradation , supporting the idea that its stability is regulated by the ubiquitin-proteasome system . 
Importantly , activation of IRF5 by the death receptor ligand tumor necrosis factor-related apoptosis-inducing ligand ( TRAIL ) resulted in enhanced degradation via loss of the CSN / IRF5 interaction . 
This study defines CSN to be a new interacting partner of IRF5 that controls its stability . Neuroprotective role of ATP-sensitive potassium channels in cerebral ischemia . Pharmacological evidence of functional inhibitory metabotrophic glutamate receptors on mouse arousal-related cholinergic laterodorsal tegmental neurons . The norepinephrine ( NET ) and dopamine ( DAT ) transporters are highly homologous proteins , displaying many pharmacological similarities . 
Both transport dopamine with higher affinity than norepinephrine and are targets for the psychostimulants cocaine and amphetamine . 
However , they strikingly contrast in their affinities for tricyclic antidepressants ( TCA ) . 
Previous studies , based on chimeric proteins between DAT and NET suggest that domains ranging from putative transmembrane domain ( TMD ) 5 to 8 are involved in the high affinity binding of TCA to NET . 
We substituted 24 amino acids within this region in the human NET with their counterparts in the human DAT , resulting in 22 different mutants . 
Mutations of residues located in extra- or intracytoplasmic loops have no effect on binding affinity of neither TCA nor cocaine . 
Three point mutations in TMD6 ( F316C ) , -7 ( V356S ) , and -8 ( G400L ) induced a loss of TCA binding affinity of 8- , 5- , and 4-fold , respectively , without affecting the affinity of cocaine . 
The triple mutation F316C / V356S / G400L produced a 40-fold shift in desipramine affinity . 
These three residues are strongly conserved in all TCA-sensitive transporters cloned in mammalian and nonmammalian species . 
A strong shift in TCA affinity ( IC ( 50 ) ) was also observed for double mutants F316C / D336T ( 35-fold ) and S399P / G400L ( 80-fold for nortriptyline and 1000-fold for desipramine ) . 
Reverse mutations P401S / L402G in hDAT did not elicit any gain in TCA affinities , whereas C318F and S358V resulted in a 3- and 10-fold increase in affinity , respectively . 
Our results clearly indicate that two residues located in TMD6 and -7 of hNET may play an important role in TCA interaction and that a critical region in TMD8 is likely to be involved in the tertiary structure allowing the high affinity binding of TCA . Selective inhibitory effects of mollugin on CYP1A2 in human liver microsomes . Stable transfectants expressing a recombinant human calcitonin receptor respond to calcitonin via increased cyclic adenosine 3' , 5' monophosphate ( cAMP , EC50 = 0 . 06 nM salmon calcitonin [ sCT ] ) and a transient mobilization of intracellular calcium ( [ Ca2 + ] i ) coincident with turnover of inositol phosphate ( IP; EC50 = 6 nM sCT ) . 
Millimolar increases in extracellular calcium ( [ Ca2 + ] o , EC50 = 8 mM ) cause a rapid elevation in [ Ca2 + ] i after a calcitonin dose-dependent pretreatment of cells ( pretreatment EC50 = 0 . 2 nM sCT ) . 
Cells exhibit persistent sensitivity to increased [ Ca2 + ] o up to 3 h after hormone exposure and even after multiple cycles of increased [ Ca2 + ] o followed by wash . 
Calcitonin pretreatment of cells also allows apparent influx of elevated extracellular strontium and manganese , but little or no effect is observed on addition of barium , cadmium , or lanthanum . 
Human amylin ( 100 nM ) causes a rapid and transient increase in [ Ca2 + ] i comparable to that of calcitonin; however , no significant response to increased [ Ca2 + ] o is observed after amylin addition . 
Human calcitonin gene-related product ( hCGRP ) ( 300 nM ) and forskolin do not increase [ Ca2 + ] i or activate a sensitivity to increased [ Ca2 + ] o . 
Nevertheless , human amylin and human calcitonin gene-related product ( hCGRP ) activate adenylate cyclase with EC50s of 0 . 7 nM and 8 nM , respectively . 
The calcium-channel drugs verapamil , BAY K 8644 , diltiazem , and nifedipine have little effect on [ Ca2 + ] i increases . 
The calcitonin-induced transient mobilization of calcium is inhibited by treatment of cells with cholera toxin or 8- ( diethylamino ) -octyl-3 , 4 , 5-trimethoxybenzoate ( TMB-8 ) ; whereas , the response to subsequent increased [ Ca2 + ] o is inhibited by lanthanum chloride ( 200 microM ) and lower pH ( 6 . 0 ) . 
( ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS ) In the kidney , L-ornithine is reabsorbed along the proximal convoluted tubule ( PCT ) , transported by basolateral carriers , and produced by arginase II ( AII ) . 
Here , the renal metabolic fate of L-ornithine was analyzed in male and female rats . 
Kidneys and renal zones were dissected and used for Western blot analysis , immunofluorescence , and electron microscopic studies . 
Ornithine aminotransferase ( OAT ) and AII were localized using specific antibodies . 
Ornithine oxidation was determined by incubating microdissected tubules with L- [ 1-14C ] or L- [ U-14C ] ornithine in the presence or absence of energy-providing substrates . 
Ornithine decarboxylase ( ODC ) mRNAs were localized by in situ hybridization . 
The 48-kDa OAT protein was detected in male and female kidneys , but its level was fourfold higher in the latter . 
OAT relative distribution increased from the superficial cortex toward the outer medulla to reach its highest level . 
Almost all OAT protein was localized in cortical and medullary proximal straight tubules ( CPST and OSPST , respectively ) . 
In proximal straight tubule ( PST ) , AII protein distribution overlapped that of OAT . 
No gender difference in AII protein level was found . 
OAT and AII were colocalized within PST mitochondria . 
L- [ 1-14C ] ornithine decarboxylation occurred in all tubules , but predominantly in proximal tubules . 
L- [ 1-14C ] ornithine decarboxylation was enhanced when L- [ 1-14C ] ornithine was given to tubules as the sole substrate . 
The use of L- [ U-14C ] ornithine demonstrated the complete oxidation of ornithine . 
In conclusion , the OAT gene was expressed more in female rat proximal tubules than in male . 
Because OAT and AII proteins overlapped in PST mitochondria , L-arginine-derived ornithine may be preferentially converted to L-glutamate , as proven by ornithine oxidation . 
However , the coexpression of ODC , glutamate decarboxylase , and glutamine synthetase in PST suggests that L-ornithine can also be metabolized to putrescine , GABA , and L-glutamine . 
The fate of L-ornithine may depend on the cellular context . A membrane vesicle-based assay to enable prediction of human biliary excretion . DNA polymerase POLQ and cellular defense against DNA damage . Proteomic methods reveal cyclophilin a function as a host restriction factor against rotavirus infection . The P / Q-type voltage-dependent calcium channel as pharmacological target in spinocerebellar ataxia type 6 : gabapentin and pregabalin may be of therapeutic benefit . Aiming at the design of specific melanocortin-1 receptor ( MC1R ) targeted imaging probes , we report on the effect of different azolyl-ring substitution patterns ( carboxylate at the 4-position and / or methyl groups at the 3 , 5 positions ) of pyrazolyl-diamine bifunctional chelators ( Pz ( 2 ) -Pz ( 4 ) ) on the pharmacokinetic profile of the ( 99m ) Tc ( CO ) 3-labeled lactam bridge-cyclized α-melanocyte stimulating hormone derivative , βAlaNleCycMSH ( hex ) . 
Three pyrazolyl-diamine-containing chelators were conjugated to βAlaNleCycMSHhex , with the resulting peptide conjugates displaying subnanomolar MC1R binding affinity . 
Biodistribution studies in B16F1 melanoma-bearing mice show that all radiopeptides present a good melanoma uptake . 
The introduction of a carboxylate group in the azolyl-ring leads to a remarkable reduction of the kidney ( >89% ) and liver ( >91% ) accumulation for ( 99m ) Tc ( CO ) 3-Pz ( 3 ) -βAlaNleCycMSH ( hex ) and ( 99m ) Tc ( CO ) 3-Pz ( 4 ) -βAlaNleCycMSH ( hex ) when compared to the radiopeptide ( 99m ) Tc ( CO ) 3-Pz ( 1 ) -βAlaNleCycMSH ( hex ) , where that group is absent . 
The good tumor uptake and favorable tumor-to-nontarget-organs ratios of ( 99m ) Tc ( CO ) 3-Pz ( 3 ) -βAlaNleCycMSH ( hex ) and ( 99m ) Tc ( CO ) 3-Pz ( 4 ) -βAlaNleCycMSH ( hex ) highlights the potential of both compounds as melanoma imaging agents . The T1R receptors , a family of taste-specific class C G protein-coupled receptors , mediate mammalian sweet and umami tastes . 
The structure-function relationships of T1R receptors remain largely unknown . 
In this study , we demonstrate the different functional roles of T1R extracellular and transmembrane domains in ligand recognition and G protein coupling . 
Similar to other family C G protein-coupled receptors , the N-terminal Venus flytrap domain of T1R2 is required for recognizing sweeteners , such as aspartame and neotame . 
The G protein coupling requires the transmembrane domain of T1R2 . 
Surprisingly , the C-terminal transmembrane domain of T1R3 is required for recognizing sweetener cyclamate and sweet taste inhibitor lactisole . 
Because T1R3 is the common subunit in the sweet taste receptor and the umami taste receptor , we tested the interaction of lactisole and cyclamate with the umami taste receptor . 
Lactisole inhibits the activity of the human T1R1 / T1R3 receptor , and , as predicted , blocked the umami taste of l-glutamate in human taste tests . 
Cyclamate does not activate the T1R1 / T1R3 receptor by itself , but potentiates the receptor's response to l-glutamate . 
Taken together , these findings demonstrate the different functional roles of T1R3 and T1R2 and the presence of multiple ligand binding sites on the sweet taste receptor . Human exposure to mycotoxins and their masked forms through cereal-based foods in Belgium . Dihydrolipoamide acyltransferase is critical for Mycobacterium tuberculosis pathogenesis . Contribution of single-minded 2 to hyperglycaemia-induced neurotoxicity . A pharmacokinetic / pharmacodynamic model describing receptor-mediated effects of prednisolone is presented . 
The basis of the model is the generally accepted mechanism of action of steroid hormones in which corticosteroids bind to cytosolic receptors forming steroid-receptor complexes , which are activated and translocated into the nucleus . 
There the complexes associate with specific DNA sequences and modulate the rate of transcription of DNA into specific RNAs that code for the synthesis of proteins that elicit biological responses . 
Prednisolone , 5 or 50 mg / kg , was administered intravenously to adrenalectomized rats . 
Total plasma , free plasma , CBG-free plasma , and liver prednisolone concentrations were measured simultaneously with free hepatic cytosolic glucocorticoid receptor concentrations and tyrosine aminotransferase ( TAT ) activity of the liver as a function of time . 
The association / dissociation kinetics of prednisolone binding to the glucocorticoid receptor were measured separately in vitro at 37 degrees C . 
Total plasma , free plasma , and CBG-free plasma prednisolone concentrations could be used equally well in the model to account for the time course of receptor concentrations and TAT activity . 
However , use of liver steroid concentrations resulted in an overestimation of receptor depletion . 
Steroid concentrations in plasma increased 20 to 30-fold with a tenfold increase in dose , but receptor occupancy and TAT activity over time increased about threefold . 
While prednisolone pharmacokinetics were dose-dependent , parameters describing receptor kinetics and TAT activity were constant at each prednisolone dose . 
The major determinants of receptor-mediated glucocorticoid activity are confirmed to be the availability of the receptor , drug-receptor dissociation rate , and corticosteroid persistence in the biophase . Duloxetine ( Cymbalta ( R ) ) is a potent serotonin and noradrenaline ( norepinephrine ) reuptake inhibitor ( SNRI ) in the CNS . 
It is indicated for the treatment of generalized anxiety disorder ( GAD ) as well as other indications . 
In patients with GAD of at least moderate severity , oral duloxetine 60-120 mg once daily was effective with regard to improvement from baseline in assessments of anxiety and functional impairment , and numerous other clinical endpoints . 
Longer-term duloxetine 60-120 mg once daily also demonstrated efficacy in preventing or delaying relapse in responders among patients with GAD . 
In addition , duloxetine was generally well tolerated , with most adverse events being of mild to moderate severity in patients with GAD in short- and longer-term trials . 
Additional comparative and pharmacoeconomic studies are required to position duloxetine among other selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and SNRIs . 
However , available clinical data , and current treatment guidelines , indicate that duloxetine is an effective first-line treatment option for the management of GAD . 
Duloxetine is a potent and selective inhibitor of serotonin and noradrenaline transporters , and a weak inhibitor of dopamine transporters . 
It has a low affinity for neuronal receptors , such as alpha ( 1 ) - and alpha ( 2 ) -adrenergic , dopamine D ( 2 ) , histamine H ( 1 ) , muscarinic , opioid and serotonin receptors , as well as ion channel binding sites and other neurotransmitter transporters , such as choline and GABA transporters . 
It does not inhibit monoamine oxidase types A or B . 
The pharmacokinetics of duloxetine in healthy volunteers were dose proportional over the range of 40-120 mg once daily . 
Steady state was typically reached by day 3 of administration . 
Duloxetine may be administered without regard to food or time of day . 
Duloxetine is highly protein bound and is widely distributed throughout tissues . 
It is rapidly and extensively metabolized in the liver by cytochrome P450 ( CYP ) 1A2 and 2D6 , and its numerous metabolites , which are inactive , are mainly excreted in the urine . 
The mean elimination half-life of duloxetine is approximately 12 hours . 
Duloxetine is a substrate for CYP1A2 and CYP2D6 and a moderate inhibitor of CYP2D6 . 
Concomitant use of duloxetine and potent CYP1A2 inhibitors should be avoided and duloxetine should be used with caution in patients receiving drugs that are extensively metabolized by CYP2D6 , particularly those with a narrow therapeutic index . 
Duloxetine was effective in the short-term treatment of patients with primary GAD of at least moderate severity . 
In four randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled , multicentre , phase III trials , duloxetine 60-120 mg once daily for 9 or 10 weeks was significantly more effective than placebo with regard to the primary endpoint of mean change in Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale ( HAM-A ) total score from baseline to study endpoint . 
In addition , all other endpoints were generally improved from baseline to a greater extent with duloxetine 60-120 mg once daily than with placebo . 
Duloxetine also improved patient role functioning ( assessed using Sheehan Disability Scale global impairment functioning scores ) , health-related quality of life and patient well-being compared with placebo . 
Duloxetine was effective in patients with GAD who were aged > / = 65 years . 
Pooled results of data from the two short-term efficacy trials that also included an active comparator arm showed that the mean change in HAM-A scores with duloxetine relative to placebo were of the same magnitude as those with venlafaxine extended release versus placebo . 
Duloxetine 60-120 mg once daily was also more effective than placebo in preventing or delaying relapse in responders to duloxetine in a longer-term study . 
In this study , patients with GAD received duloxetine during a 26-week , open-label , acute treatment phase and responders were then randomized to continue on duloxetine or receive placebo during a 26-week , double-blind , continuation phase . 
Time to relapse was significantly longer in duloxetine recipients than in placebo recipients . 
In addition , significantly fewer duloxetine recipients than placebo recipients relapsed during the double-blind phase of the trial and more duloxetine recipients achieved remission . 
Short- ( 9-10 weeks ) and longer-term ( 52 weeks ) treatment with duloxetine 60-120 mg once daily was generally well tolerated in patients with GAD , with the majority of adverse events being of mild to moderate severity . 
Nausea , dry mouth , headache , constipation , dizziness and fatigue were among the most common treatment-emergent adverse events . 
The adverse event profile of duloxetine did not differ with dose or treatment duration . 
Significantly more patients receiving short-term duloxetine than placebo discontinued treatment because of an adverse event , with nausea being the only event that resulted in significantly more treatment discontinuations in duloxetine recipients than in placebo recipients . 
Serious adverse events were uncommon with both short- and longer-term duloxetine treatment . 
Two episodes of attempted suicide and one episode of completed suicide occurred in duloxetine recipients during the 24-week open-label phase of a longer-term trial . 
No deaths or suicides were reported in any of the short-term trials . 
Discontinuation-emergent adverse events , most commonly nausea and dizziness , occurred in up to one-third of duloxetine recipients in the short-term trials . Maximal L-glutamate / glycine-evoked currents were inhibited by ethanol in Xenopus laevis oocytes expressing recombinant heteromeric NMDA receptors consisting of NR1-NR2A , NR1-NR2B , and NR1-NR2C subunit combinations . 
Concentration-dependent inhibition was observed at ethanol concentrations of > or = 50 mM both in Ca ( 2 + ) -containing and Ca ( 2 + ) -deficient , Ba ( 2 + ) -containing Mg ( 2 + ) -free media . 
The NR1-NR2C channels were slightly less sensitive to ethanol inhibition than the other heteromeric channels in Ca ( 2 + ) -deficient , Ba ( 2 + ) -containing medium . 
The inhibition was unaffected by the clamping-voltage and by a mutation [ NR1-NR2A ( N595Q ) ] that prevents the Mg ( 2 + ) -blockade of the channels , indicating that the mechanism of action of ethanol differs from that of Mg2 + . 
The results are consistent with the hypothesis that the NMDA receptor subtypes can mediate many behavioural actions of ethanol . Obesity increases prostanoid-mediated vasoconstriction and vascular thromboxane receptor gene expression . For more than three decades , acetaminophen ( INN , paracetamol ) has been claimed to be devoid of significant inhibition of peripheral prostanoids . 
Meanwhile , attempts to explain its action by inhibition of a central cyclooxygenase ( COX ) -3 have been rejected . 
The fact that acetaminophen acts functionally as a selective COX-2 inhibitor led us to investigate the hypothesis of whether it works via preferential COX-2 blockade . 
Ex vivo COX inhibition and pharmacokinetics of acetaminophen were assessed in 5 volunteers receiving single 1000 mg doses orally . 
Coagulation-induced thromboxane B ( 2 ) and lipopolysaccharide-induced prostaglandin E ( 2 ) were measured ex vivo and in vitro in human whole blood as indices of COX-1 and COX-2 activity . 
In vitro , acetaminophen elicited a 4 . 4-fold selectivity toward COX-2 inhibition ( IC ( 50 ) = 113 . 7 micromol / L for COX-1; IC ( 50 ) = 25 . 8 micromol / L for COX-2 ) . 
Following oral administration of the drug , maximal ex vivo inhibitions were 56% ( COX-1 ) and 83% ( COX-2 ) . 
Acetaminophen plasma concentrations remained above the in vitro IC ( 50 ) for COX-2 for at least 5 h postadministration . 
Ex vivo IC ( 50 ) values ( COX-1 : 105 . 2 micromol / L; COX-2 : 26 . 3 micromol / L ) of acetaminophen compared favorably with its in vitro IC ( 50 ) values . 
In contrast to previous concepts , acetaminophen inhibited COX-2 by more than 80% , i . 
e . 
, to a degree comparable to nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs ( NSAIDs ) and selective COX-2 inhibitors . 
However , a >95% COX-1 blockade relevant for suppression of platelet function was not achieved . 
Our data may explain acetaminophen's analgesic and antiinflammatory action as well as its superior overall gastrointestinal safety profile compared with NSAIDs . 
In view of its substantial COX-2 inhibition , recently defined cardiovascular warnings for use of COX-2 inhibitors should also be considered for acetaminophen . Several pieces of evidence indicate that the rostral ventrolateral medulla ( RVLM ) is probably one of the key neural structures mediating the pressor effects of orexins in the brain . 
Nitric oxide synthase / nitric oxide ( NOS / NO ) system in the RVLM modulates cardiovascular activities . 
Our experiments were designed to test the hypothesis that orexin-A ( OXA ) is involved in the mechanism of stress-induced hypertension ( SIH ) by adjusting NOS / NO system in the RVLM . 
The stress-induced hypertensive rats ( SIHR ) model was established by electric foot-shocks and noises . 
Here we examined the expression of OXA immunoreactive ( OXA-IR ) cells in the lateral hypothalamus ( LH ) and the protein level of orexin 1 receptor ( OX1R ) in the RVLM of SIHR , and we found that the expressions of OXA-IR and OX1R were higher than those of the control group . 
The double-staining immunohistochemical evidence showed that OX1R immunoreactive ( OX1R-IR ) cells and neuronal nitric oxide synthase ( nNOS ) or inducible nitric oxide synthase ( iNOS ) immunoreactive ( IR ) cells were co-localizated in the RVLM . 
Microinjection of OXA ( 10 , 50 , 100 pmol / 100 nl ) into the unilateral ( right ) RVLM of control rats or SIHR produced pressor and tachycardiac effects in a dose-dependent manner . 
SB-408124 ( 100 pmol / 100 nl , an antagonist of OX1R ) or TCS OX2 29 ( 100 pmol / 100 nl , an antagonist of OX2R ) partly abolished the cardiovascular effects of exogenously-administrated OXA into the RVLM of control rats and SIHR , and lowered the increased systolic blood pressure ( SBP ) and heart rate ( HR ) of SIHR , with no difference in statistical significance between the two antagonists' effects . 
Microinjection into the RVLM of both control and SIHR groups of 7-Ni ( 0 . 05 pmol / 100 nl , nNOS inhibitor ) or Methylene Blue [ 100 pmol / 100 nl , an inhibitor of soluble guanylate cyclase ( sGC ) ] suppressed the OXA-induced increase of SBP and HR , whereas microinjection of AG ( 1 , 10 , 100 pmol / 100 nl ) had no obvious effects on the OXA-induced increase of SBP and HR . 
Our results indicate that OXA in the RVLM may participate in the central regulation of cardiovascular activities in SIHR , and OX1R and OX2R both have important roles in it . 
The cardiovascular effects of OXA in the RVLM may be induced by nNOS-derived NO , which activated sGC-associated signaling pathway . Medulloblastoma ( MB ) is the most common malignant neuroepithelial tumor of childhood . 
The DNA topoisomerase II ( Topo II ) inhibitor etoposide has been widely used for the treatment of MBs; however , it remains unknown whether MB cells are more sensitive to etoposide than other malignant neuroepithelial tumor cells . 
In this study , we tested the chemosensitivities of malignant neuroepithelial tumors ( 26 glioblastomas , 9 anaplastic astrocytomas , and 5 MBs ) to etoposide and vincristine using the succinate dehydrogenase inhibition test and found that MB cells are more sensitive to etoposide and more resistant to vincristine than other tumor cells . 
We performed quantitative reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction to evaluate the expression of genes related to etoposide sensitivity , and found co-overexpression of DNA topoisomerase II ( Topo II ) alpha and beta mRNA in MBs . 
In addition , the levels of Topo IIalpha and beta mRNA in these tumors correlated with etoposide sensitivity . 
Immunohistochemical studies using surgical samples of these tumors demonstrated that the percentages of Topo IIalpha immunopositive cells ( Topo IIalpha labeling index ) correlated with those of Ki-67 immunopositive cells ( MIB-1 labeling index ) ; however , neither the Topo IIalpha nor the MIB-1 labeling index correlated with the levels of Topo IIalpha mRNA or etoposide sensitivity . 
Based on these observations , Topo IIalpha and beta mRNA expression , but not the Topo IIalpha labeling index , might be a useful marker for sensitivity to etoposide in human malignant neuroepithelial tumors . Bariatric surgery elevates serum bile acids . 
Conjugated bile acid administration , such as tauroursodeoxycholic acid ( TUDCA ) , improves insulin sensitivity , while short-circuiting bile acid circulation through ileal interposition surgery in rats raises TUDCA levels . 
We hypothesized that bariatric surgery outcomes could be recapitulated by short-circuiting the normal entero-hepatic bile circulation . 
We established a model wherein male obese rats underwent either bile diversion ( BD ) or Sham ( SH ) surgery . 
The BD group had a catheter inserted into the common bile duct and its distal end anchored into the mid-distal jejunum for 4-5 weeks . 
Glucose tolerance , insulin and glucagon-like peptide-1 ( GLP-1 ) response , hepatic steatosis and endoplasmic reticulum ( ER ) stress were measured . 
Rats' post-BD lost significantly more weight than the SH-rats . 
BD rats gained less fat mass post-surgery . 
BD rats had improved glucose tolerance , increased higher post-prandial GLP-1 response and serum bile acids but less liver steatosis . 
Serum bile acid levels including TUDCA concentrations were higher in BD compared to SH pair-fed rats . 
Fecal bile acid levels were not different . 
Liver ER stress ( CHOP mRNA and pJNK protein ) was decreased in BD rats . 
Bile acid gavage ( TUDCA / UDCA ) in diet-induced obese rats , elevated serum TUDCA and concomitantly reduced hepatic steatosis and ER stress ( CHOP mRNA ) . 
These data demonstrate the ability of alterations in bile acids to recapitulate important metabolic improvements seen after bariatric surgery . 
Further , our work establishes a model for focused study of bile acids in the context of bariatric surgery that may lead to the identification of therapeutics for metabolic disease . Effects of SR 48692 on neurotensin-induced calcium-activated chloride currents in the Xenopus oocyte expression system : agonist-like activity on the levocabastine-sensitive neurotensin receptor and absence of antagonist effect on the levocabastine insensitive neurotensin receptor . Discovery and synthesis of novel 4-aminopyrrolopyrimidine Tie-2 kinase inhibitors for the treatment of solid tumors . Rasagiline is a propargylamine and irreversible monoamine oxidase ( MAO ) B inhibitor used for the treatment of Parkinson's disease ( PD ) . 
It has demonstrated neuroprotective properties in laboratory studies . 
Current concepts of PD aetiopathogenesis include the role of alpha-synuclein , protein aggregation , free radical metabolism and mitochondrial dysfunction in contributing to cell death . 
We have used a combination of alpha-synuclein and free radical mediated toxicity in a dopaminergic cell line to provide a model of nigral toxicity in order to investigate the potential molecular mechanisms that mediate rasagiline protection . 
We demonstrate that rasagiline protects against cell death induced by the combination of free radicals generated by paraquat and either wild-type or A53T mutant alpha-synuclein over-expression . 
This protection was associated with a reduction in caspase 3 activation , a reduction in superoxide generation and a trend to ameliorate the fall in mitochondrial membrane potential . 
Rasagiline induced an increase in cellular glutathione levels . 
The results support a role for rasagiline in protecting dopaminergic cells against free radical mediated damage and apoptosis in the presence of alpha-synuclein over-expression . 
The data are of relevance to the interpretation of the potential mechanisms of action of rasagiline in explaining the results of disease modification trials in PD . Previous studies in our laboratory have shown that the phase III efflux transporter multidrug-resistance protein ( MRP ) 1 can act synergistically with the phase II conjugating glutathione S-transferases ( GST ) to confer resistance to the toxicities of some electrophilic drugs and carcinogens . 
To determine whether the distinct efflux transporter MRP2 could also potentiate GST-mediated protection from electrophilic toxins , we examined the effect of regulatable GSTP1-1 expression in MRP2-rich HepG2 cells on 4-nitroquinoline 1-oxide ( 4NQO ) -induced cytotoxicity and genotoxicity ( nucleic-acid adduct formation ) . 
Expression of GSTP1-1 was associated with a fourfold to tenfold protection from 4NQO-induced cytotoxicity . 
Inhibition of MRP2-mediated efflux activity by sulfinpyrazone or cyclosporin A completely reversed GSTP1-1-associated resistance-a result indicating that GSTP1-1-mediated cytoprotection is absolutely dependent on MRP2 efflux activity . 
Moreover , MRP2 efflux activity also augmented GSTP1-1-mediated protection from 4NQO-induced nucleic-acid adduct formation . 
We conclude that MRP2-mediated efflux of the glutathione conjugate of 4NQO and / or another toxic derivative of 4NQO is required to support GSTP1-1-associated protection from 4NQO toxicities in HepG2 cells . AIM : To determine whether cysteinyl leukotriene receptor 1 ( CysLT1 receptor ) is involved in N-methyl-D-aspartate ( NMDA ) -induced excitotoxic injury in the mouse brain . 
METHODS : Brain injury was induced by NMDA microinjection ( 50-150 nmol in 0 . 5 microL ) into the cerebral cortex . 
The changes in CysLT1 receptor expression 24 h after NMDA injection and the effects of a CysLT1 receptor antagonist , pranlukast ( 0 . 01 and 0 . 1 mg / kg ) , an NMDA receptor antagonist , ketamine ( 30 mg / kg ) , and an antioxidant , edaravone ( 9 mg / kg ) were observed . 
RESULTS : In the NMDA-injured brain , the CysLT1 receptor mRNA , and protein expression were upregulated , and the receptor was mainly localized in the neurons and not in the astrocytes . 
Pranlukast , ketamine and edaravone decreased NMDA-induced injury; pranlukast ( 0 . 1 mg / kg ) and ketamine inhibited the upregulated expression of the CysLT1 receptor . 
CONCLUSION : CysLT1 receptor expression in neurons is upregulated after NMDA injection , and NMDA-induced responses are inhibited by CysLT1 receptor antagonists , indicating that the increased CysLT1 receptor is involved in NMDA excitotoxicity . Cabozantinib ( XL184 ) , a novel MET and VEGFR2 inhibitor , simultaneously suppresses metastasis , angiogenesis , and tumor growth . Annexin 1 ( named p35 , lipocortin I or calpactin II ) , initially described as a glucocorticoid induced protein , belongs to a new characterized family of intracellular proteins . 
In the skin , the role of annexins has still not been elucidated . 
In a previous study , we reported the localization of annexin 1 in both freshly isolated human epidermal cells and in cultured keratinocytes using immunofluorescence , FACS analysis and immunoblotting techniques . 
The protein was characterized by Western blot and immunoprecipitation as a 35 kDa protein . 
Results from in vivo studies confirmed the presence of annexin 1 in basal and suprabasal layers of normal human skin with modified reactivity patterns in hyperproliferative lesions . 
In the present study , the role of glucocorticoids in annexin 1 regulation was investigated in epidermal cells by Western blot and immunoprecipation assays . 
In contrast to other studies , we found that glucocorticoid treatment of epidermal cells led to a decrease in annexin 1 content in the cytoplasm and the membranes of cells . 
As annexin 1 was not detected in the nucleus of cells , we conclude that there was a down regulation of annexin 1 after glucocorticoid treatments rather than a translocation of the protein to the nucleus . 
Despite the absence of the signal peptide sequence necessary for protein secretion , annexin 1 was released in the keratinocyte culture medium . 
We found that the protein was secreted only in low Ca2 + medium ( 0 . 15 mM ) , this process required an active metabolism . Epigallocatechin gallate ( EGCG ) has been shown to be protective in various experimental models of liver injury , although opposite effects have also been reported . 
Since its effect on biliary physiology has not been thoroughly investigated , the present study evaluated effect of EGCG on bile flow and bile acid homeostasis in rats . 
Compared to controls , EGCG treatment decreased bile flow by 23% . 
Hepatic paracellular permeability and biliary bile acid excretion were not altered by EGCG administration , but biliary glutathione excretion was reduced by 70% . 
Accordingly , the main glutathione transporter on the hepatocyte canalicular membrane , multidrug resistance-associated protein 2 ( Mrp2 ) , was significantly decreased at the protein level . 
EGCG administration also doubled plasma bile acid levels compared to controls . 
While protein levels of the main hepatic bile acid transporters were unchanged , the rate-limiting enzyme in the bile acid synthesis , Cyp7a1 , was significantly increased by EGCG . 
Enhanced bile acid synthesis in these animals was also confirmed by a 2-fold increase in plasma marker 7α-hydroxy-4-cholesten-3-one . 
In contrast , EGCG markedly downregulated major bile acid transporters ( Asbt and Ostα ) and regulatory molecules ( Shp and Fgf15 ) in the ileum . 
When EGCG was coadministered with ethinylestradiol , a potent cholestatic agent , it did not show any additional effect on the induced cholestasis . 
This study shows ability of EGCG to raise plasma bile acid concentrations , mainly through Cyp7a1 upregulation , and to decrease bile production through reduction in Mrp2-mediated bile acid-independent bile flow . 
In conclusion , our data demonstrate that under certain conditions EGCG may induce cholestasis . Involvement of organic anion-transporting polypeptides in the hepatic uptake of dioscin in rats and humans . In the present study , a quantitative dietary exposure assessment of mycotoxins and their masked forms was conducted on a national representative sample of the Belgian population using the contamination data of cereal-based foods . 
Cereal-based food products ( n = 174 ) were analysed for the occurrence of deoxynivalenol , 3-acetyldeoxynivalenol , 15-acetyldeoxynivalenol , zearalenone , α-zearalenol , β-zearalenol , T-2-toxin , HT-2-toxin , and their respective masked forms , including , deoxynivalenol-3-glucoside , zearalenone-4-glucoside , α-zearalenol-4-glucoside , β-zearalenol-4-glucoside and zearalenone-4-sulfate . 
Fibre-enriched bread , bran-enriched bread , breakfast cereals , popcorn and oatmeal were collected in Belgian supermarkets according to a structured sampling plan and analysed during the period from April 2010 to October 2011 . 
The habitual intake of these food groups was estimated from a national representative food intake survey . 
According to a probabilistic exposure analysis , the mean ( and P95 ) mycotoxin intake for the sum of the deoxynivalenol-equivalents , zearalenone-equivalents , and the sum of HT-2-and T-2-toxin for all cereal-based foods was 0 . 1162 ( 0 . 4047 , P95 ) , 0 . 0447 ( 0 . 1568 , P95 ) and 0 . 0258 ( 0 . 0924 , P95 ) μg kg ( -1 ) body weight day ( -1 ) , respectively . 
These values were below the tolerable daily intake ( TDI ) levels for deoxynivalenol , zearalenone and the sum of T-2 and HT-2 toxin ( 1 . 0 , 0 . 25 and 0 . 1 μg kg ( -1 ) body weight day ( -1 ) , respectively ) . 
The absolute level exceeding the TDI for all cereal-based foods was calculated , and recorded 0 . 85% , 2 . 75% and 4 . 11% of the Belgian population , respectively . NHE3 inhibition activates duodenal bicarbonate secretion in the rat . The Protective Effects of α-Lipoic Acid on Kidneys in Type 2 Diabetic Goto-Kakisaki Rats via Reducing Oxidative Stress . Salicylate pre-treatment attenuates intensity of bronchial and nasal symptoms precipitated by aspirin in aspirin-intolerant patients . Hepatic very-low-density lipoprotein and apolipoprotein B production are increased following in vivo induction of betaine-homocysteine S-methyltransferase . Sciadopitysin protects osteoblast function via its antioxidant activity in MC3T3-E1 cells . High affinity , saturable [ 3H ] mepyramine binding sites on rat liver plasma membrane do not represent histamine H1-receptors . 
A warning . The aim of this study was to investigate [ 3H ] paroxetine binding and impulsivity in alcohol-dependent and age-matched control subjects in relation to a 5'-promoter region serotonin transporter ( 5-HTT ) polymorphism ( 5-HTTLPR ) . 
Alcohol-dependent subjects were hypothesized to show a decreased number of bindings sites and a lower dissociation constant . 
5-HTTLPR S-genotype carriers in both alcohol-dependent and control subjects were expected to show significantly fewer binding sites and a lower dissociation constant . 
Influences of impulsive traits , chronic daily alcohol intake , duration of alcohol dependence , age of onset and age on [ 3H ] paroxetine binding were also investigated . 
Inpatients meeting DSM IV alcohol dependence criteria and of German descent were recruited to avoid ethnic stratification effects . 
One hundred and seventeen control subjects of similar social status were recruited from a town community . 
Blood samples were taken from both alcohol-dependent and control subjects to determine 5-HTTLPR genotypes using PCR of lymphocyte DNA , and to perform platelet [ 3H ] paroxetine binding ( binding capacity : B ( max ) ; and dissociation constant : K ( D ) ) . 
Impulsivity was assessed using the Barratt impulsiveness scale version 5 ( BIS-5 ) in alcohol-dependent subjects only . 
Alcohol-dependent subjects were subdivided into low or high impulsivity groups using a median-split of the BIS-5 scale . 
The control group was slightly older than the alcohol-dependent group ( not statistically significant ) . 
[ 3H ] paroxetine binding was investigated in 72 control subjects and 72 patients , of which five patients met type 2 alcohol dependence criteria . 
Genotyping was carried out in all patients and control subjects . 
A significant influence of duration of alcohol dependence was found on the [ 3H ] paroxetine binding K ( D ) but not B ( max . 
) Neither alcohol-dependent nor control subjects showed any differences in B ( max ) or K ( D ) . 
S-allele carriers did not show a decreased binding or lower dissociation constant . 
Furthermore , no significant interaction between B ( max ) and K ( D ) with either 5-HTTLPR genotype or impulsivity was revealed . 
This was the first study to investigate platelet [ 3H ] paroxetine binding in alcohol-dependent and age-matched control subjects in relation to the 5-HTTLPR genotype . 
No differences concerning 5-HTTLPR-alleles were found in these groups Furthermore , no significant interaction between these parameters and impulsivity was shown in alcohol-dependent subjects . 
These results do not support previous results of altered [ 3H ] paroxetine binding sites in alcohol-dependent subjects or 5-HTTLPR S-allele carriers . 
K ( D ) might be influenced by duration of alcohol dependence , but not sufficiently to yield differences between alcohol-dependent and control subjects . As a therapeutic or chemopreventative agent for various cancers , all-trans retinoic acid ( atRA ) has been reported to inhibit growth , induce apoptosis or cause differentiation . 
It was found that atRA could protect hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) cells against cell death induced by serum starvation . 
Furthermore , it was found that atRA could enhance cell adhesion , but had no effect on the cell cycle and apoptosis . 
Using an Illumina Human HT-12 v4 expression microarray , 207 upregulated and 173 downregulated genes were identified in HepG2 cells treated with atRA . 
The most upregulated genes are cytochrome P450 family 26 subfamily A polypeptide 1 ( CYP26A1 ) , histidine triad nucleotide binding protein 3 ( HINT3 ) , miR-1282 and cytochrome P450 family 26 subfamily B polypeptide 1 ( CYP26B1 ) , which showed more than fivefold greater expression . 
Using Gene Ontology analysis , the greatest significance was found in extracellular-matrix-related molecular functions and the cellular component in upregulated genes . 
The upregulation of collagen 8A2 ( COL8A2 ) was further confirmed using quantitative RT-PCR and western blotting . 
Knockdown of COL8A2 blocked enhancement in the early stage of cell adhesion by atRA treatment . 
Re-expression of COL8A2 in COL8A2-knocked-down HCC cells reversed the effect of small interfering RNA-COL8A2 . 
In addition , COL8A2 could increase HCC cell migration and invasion . 
Thus , COL8A2 was identified as the key protein involved in the enhancement of cell adhesion of atRA under serum-free conditions . 
In conclusion , atRA protects HCC cells against serum-starvation-induced cell death by enhancing cell adhesion , and COL8A2 plays an important role in HCC cell migration and invasion . The antagonist SR 141716A has a high specificity for the central CB1 cannabinoid receptor and negligeable affinity for the peripheral CB2 receptor , making it an excellent tool for probing receptor structure-activity relationships . 
From binding experiments with mutated CB1 and with chimeric CB1 / CB2 receptors we have begun to identify the domains of CB1 implicated in the recognition of SR 141716A . 
Receptors were transiently expressed in COS-3 cells , and their binding characteristics were studied with SR 141716A and with CP 55 , 940 , an agonist recognized equally well by the two receptors . 
The region delineated by the fourth and fifth transmembrane helices of CB1 proved to be crucial for high affinity binding of SR 141716A . 
The CB1 and CB2 second extracellular loops , e2 , were exchanged , modifications that had no effect on SR 141716A binding in the CB1 variant but that eliminated CP 55 , 940 binding in both mutants . 
The replacement of the conserved cysteine residues in e2 of CB2 by serine also eliminated CP 55 , 940 binding , but replacement of those in CB1 resulted in the sequestration of the mutated receptors in the cell cytoplasm . 
The e2 domain thus plays some role in CP 55 , 940 binding but none in SR 141716A recognition , binding of the latter clearly implicating residues in the adjoining transmembrane helices . E6AP / UBE3A Ubiquitin Ligase Harbors Two E2~ubiquitin Binding Sites . We describe a new cell-free protein synthesis ( CFPS ) method for site-specific incorporation of non-natural amino acids ( nnAAs ) into proteins in which the orthogonal tRNA ( o-tRNA ) and the modified protein ( i . 
e . 
the protein containing the nnAA ) are produced simultaneously . 
Using this method , 0 . 9-1 . 7 mg / ml of modified soluble super-folder green fluorescent protein ( sfGFP ) containing either p-azido-l-phenylalanine ( pAzF ) or p-propargyloxy-l-phenylalanine ( pPaF ) accumulated in the CFPS solutions; these yields correspond to 50-88% suppression efficiency . 
The o-tRNA can be transcribed either from a linearized plasmid or from a crude PCR product . 
Comparison of two different o-tRNAs suggests that the new platform is not limited by Ef-Tu recognition of the acylated o-tRNA at sufficiently high o-tRNA template concentrations . 
Analysis of nnAA incorporation across 12 different sites in sfGFP suggests that modified protein yields and suppression efficiencies ( i . 
e . 
the position effect ) do not correlate with any of the reported trends . 
Sites that were ineffectively suppressed with the original o-tRNA were better suppressed with an optimized o-tRNA ( o-tRNA ( opt ) ) that was evolved to be better recognized by Ef-Tu . 
This new platform can also be used to screen scissile ribozymes for improved catalysis . The deregulation of oncogenic signaling pathways which provide survival advantages to tumor cells is mediated by multiple cellular networks . 
Among them , the PI3K-Akt-mTOR axis , in particular the serine / threonine kinase Akt , is recognized as a key player . 
The kinase is hyperactivated due to a variety of mechanisms including loss of PTEN , mutations in the PI3K catalytic subunit , receptor tyrosine kinase and Ras activation . 
Indeed , inappropriate activation of the Akt kinase is a common event in human tumors and Akt appears to be a critical player in cell survival that may also account for the therapeutic resistance and the invasive phenotype of tumors . 
Inhibition of Akt signalling results in apoptosis and growth inhibition of tumour cells with elevated Akt activity . 
A functional role in drug resistance is supported by evidence that tumor cells with acquired resistance to antitumor agents may display increased Akt activation and that treatment with molecularly targeted agents can activate feed-back loops involving Akt . 
This serine / threonine kinase may therefore represent an amenable target for modulation of sensitivity to compounds with different molecular features due to its pleiotropic role in cell survival . 
Different types of Akt inhibitors [ i . 
e . 
, ATP mimetics and pleckstrin-homology ( PH ) domain binders ] have been generated and some of them have reached the clinical setting . 
The present review focuses on the i ) mechanisms implicating Akt in increased survival and invasive potential of tumor cells of different tumor types and ii ) on the development of Akt inhibitors as modulators of drug resistance . Carotid body denervation prevents the development of insulin resistance and hypertension induced by hypercaloric diets . The neurospecific cholesterol 24-hydroxylase converts excess brain cholesterol into 24S-hydroxycholesterol ( 24OHC ) which , via the liver X receptor ( LXR ) , can increase the expression and synthesis of astrocyte ApoE . 
24OHC effluxes directly from brain into plasma where it is considered an indicator of brain cholesterol turnover . 
It is reduced in neurodegenerative disease states proportionally to the severity of disease and the degree of brain atrophy . 
In the early phases of active disease , a higher rate of turnover may result in transitory increases in plasma 24OHC . 
Less than 1% of the total brain excretion of 24OHC occurs via the cerebrospinal fluid ( CSF ) whereas almost all 27-hydroxycholesterol ( 27OHC ) excretion is dependent on the function of the blood-cerebrospinal fluid barrier . 
Iincreased CSF oxysterols were found in patients with neurodegenerative and neuroinflammatory diseases in the presence of barrier dysfunction . 
In neurodegeneration , free cholesterol released from dying cells may engulf neurons . 
Cholesterol also increases Amyloid β ( Aβ ) deposition and tau pathology . 
ApoE , 24OHC , tau and soluble APP were correlated in Alzheimer disease ( AD ) samples . 
Excess of cholesterol converted into 24OHC may up-regulate ApoE synthesis which is a scavenger for Aβ and Tau . 
In AD this protective mechanism seems to be inefficient , probably due to the presence of high concentrations of 27OHC , microvascular dysfunction and the decreased efficiency of ApoE4 as lipid transporter and Aβ scavenger . 
24OHC itself was cytotoxic . 
Analysis of side chain oxysterols in the CSF is likely to provided useful information about cholesterol metabolism and ApoE function in the pathogenesis of AD . Enantiomeric separation of beta2-agonists on macrocyclic antibiotic chiral stationary phases in high performance liquid chromatography . The relevance of potentially reversible post-translational modifications required for controlling cellular processes in cancer is one of the most thriving arenas of cellular and molecular biology . 
Any alteration in the balanced equilibrium between kinases and phosphatases may result in development and progression of various diseases , including different types of cancer , though phosphatases are relatively under-studied . 
Loss of phosphatases such as PTEN ( phosphatase and tensin homologue deleted on chromosome 10 ) , a known tumour suppressor , across tumour types lends credence to the development of phosphatidylinositol 3--kinase inhibitors alongside the use of phosphatase expression as a biomarker , though phase 3 trial data are lacking . 
In this review , we give an updated report on phosphatase dysregulation linked to organ-specific malignancies . 
Oncogene advance online publication , 18 March 2013; doi : 10 . 1038 / onc . 2013 . 80 . The structures of thymidine kinase from herpes simplex virus type 1 in complex with substrates and a substrate analogue . PURPOSE : We determined the effects of vorinostat [ suberoylanilide hydroxamic acid ( SAHA ) ] and / or dasatinib , a dual Abl / Src kinase ( tyrosine kinase ) inhibitor , on the cultured human ( K562 and LAMA-84 ) or primary chronic myelogenous leukemia ( CML ) cells , as well as on the murine pro-B BaF3 cells with ectopic expression of the unmutated and kinase domain-mutant forms of Bcr-Abl . 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN : Following exposure to dasatinib and / or vorinostat , apoptosis , loss of clonogenic survival , as well as the activity and levels of Bcr-Abl and its downstream signaling proteins were determined . 
RESULTS : Treatment with dasatinib attenuated the levels of autophosphorylated Bcr-Abl , p-CrkL , phospho-signal transducer and activator of transcription 5 ( p-STAT5 ) , p-c-Src , and p-Lyn; inhibited the activity of Lyn and c-Src; and induced apoptosis of the cultured CML cells . 
Combined treatment of cultured human CML and BaF3 cells with vorinostat and dasatinib induced more apoptosis than either agent alone , as well as synergistically induced loss of clonogenic survival , which was associated with greater depletion of Bcr-Abl , p-CrkL , and p-STAT5 levels . 
Cotreatment with dasatinib and vorinostat also attenuated the levels of Bcr-AblE255K and Bcr-AblT315I and induced apoptosis of BaF3 cells with ectopic expression of the mutant forms of Bcr-Abl . 
Finally , cotreatment of the primary CML cells with vorinostat and dasatinib induced more loss of cell viability and depleted Bcr-Abl or Bcr-AblT315I , p-STAT5 , and p-CrkL levels than either agent alone . 
CONCLUSIONS : As shown here , the preclinical in vitro activity of vorinostat and dasatinib against cultured and primary CML cells supports the in vivo testing of the combination in imatinib mesylate-sensitive and imatinib mesylate-resistant CML cells . We investigated the basis for the difference in the cardiotonic effects of the PDE3 inhibitors cilostazol and milrinone in the rabbit heart . 
Cilostazol displayed greater selectivity than milrinone for inhibition of cAMP-PDE activity in microsomal vs cytosolic fractions from rabbit heart . 
This difference was due to the inhibition of significantly less cytosolic cAMP-PDE activity by cilostazol compared to milrinone . 
A combination of cilostazol ( >15 microM ) and the PDE4 selective inhibitor , rolipram ( 5 microM ) , inhibited levels of cytosolic cAMP-PDE activity similar to those inhibited by milrinone on its own . 
This suggested that milrinone inhibited PDE4 in addition to PDE3 activity . 
In isolated rabbit cardiomyocytes , milrinone ( >10 microM ) caused greater elevations in intracellular cAMP and calcium than cilostazol . 
In the presence of rolipram , however , the cAMP and calcium elevating effects of cilostazol and milrinone were similar . 
Therefore , in rabbit heart , partial inhibition of PDE4 by milrinone contributed to greater increases in cardiomyocyte cAMP and calcium levels than cilostazol . 
PDE4 activity in failing human heart was lower than in rabbit heart and there was no significant difference in the inhibition of human cytosolic cAMP-PDE by cilostazol and milrinone . 
Our results suggest that in normal rabbit heart inhibition of PDE4 by milrinone may partly contribute to the greater cardiotonic effect of milrinone when compared to cilostazol . 
However , the lower level of PDE4 activity in failing human heart suggests that factors other than inhibition of PDE4 by milrinone may contribute to differences in cardiotonic action when compared to cilostazol . Serotonergic effects and extracellular brain levels of eletriptan , zolmitriptan and sumatriptan in rat brain . The effects of hyperprolactinemia on metabolic parameters are not clear and a few data evaluating adiponectin levels in prolactinoma and idiopathic hyperprolactinemia exist . 
The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of hyperprolactinemia on body weight , insulin resistance , beta cell function , and leptin and adiponectin levels in premenopausal women with hyperprolactinemia . 
Forty premenopausal women with prolactinoma or idiopathic hyperprolactinemia were compared to 41 age-matched healthy premenopausal women with regard to body weight , body mass index , waist and hip circumferences , waist to hip ratio , fasting plasma glucose , insulin levels , insulin resistance measured by homeostasis model assessment ( HOMA ) -insulin resistance index , beta cell function measured by HOMA-β index , leptin and adiponectin levels . 
Plasma insulin levels and HOMA indexes ( both insulin resistance and beta indexes ) were significantly higher in hyperprolactinemic women . 
The other parameters were similar between both groups . 
There was a positive correlation between prolactin levels and fasting plasma glucose in hyperprolactinemic women . 
The results of this study showed that high prolactin levels may be associated with hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance in premenopausal women . 
This effect seems to be independent of body weight , leptin and adiponectin levels . 
High prolactin levels may directly stimulate insulin secretion from pancreas and directly cause hepatic and whole-body insulin resistance . Cimetidine induces apoptosis of human salivary gland tumor cells . Effects of single or repeated silymarin administration on pharmacokinetics of risperidone and its major metabolite , 9-hydroxyrisperidone in rats . Vitamin K2 ( VK2 , menaquinone ) is known to have anticancer activity in vitro and in vivo . 
Although its effect is thought to be mediated , at least in part , by the induction of apoptosis , the underlying molecular mechanism remains elusive . 
Here , we identified Bcl-2 antagonist killer 1 ( Bak ) as a molecular target of VK2-induced apoptosis . 
VK2 directly interacts with Bak and induces mitochondrial-mediated apoptosis . 
Although Bak and Bcl-2-associated X protein ( Bax ) , another member of the Bcl-2 family , are generally thought to be functionally redundant , only Bak is necessary and sufficient for VK2-induced cytochrome c ( cyt c ) release and cell death . 
Moreover , VK2-2 , 3 epoxide , an intracellular metabolite of VK2 , was shown to covalently bind to the cysteine-166 residue of Bak . 
Several lines of evidence suggested that the covalent attachment of VK2 is critical for apoptosis induction . 
Thus this study reveals a specific role for Bak in mitochondria-mediated apoptosis . 
This study also provides insight into the anticancer effects of VK2 and suggests that Bak may be a potential target of cancer therapy . Lead-induced ER calcium release and inhibitory effects of methionine choline in cultured rat hippocampal neurons . The etiology of preeclampsia is unknown but is thought to be related to hypoxia in the placenta . 
We previously reported that the enzyme lactate dehydrogenase ( LDH ) has increased activity and gene expression in placentas from preeclamptic pregnancies [ Tsoi SCM , Zheng J , Xu F , Kay HH . 
Differential expression of lactate dehydrogenase isozymes ( LDH ) in human placenta with high expression of LDH-A ( 4 ) isozyme in the endothelial cells of pre-eclampsia villi . 
Placenta 2001;22 : 317-22 ] . 
LDH is responsible for pyruvate conversion to lactate through glycolysis . 
In this study , we further investigated the role of hypoxia in primary trophoblast cells and a cultured cell line , JEG3 cells , to obtain a better understanding of how it affects the activities of lactate dehydrogenase , lactate production and regulatory genes , as a possible model for preeclampsia . 
Primary trophoblast cells and JEG3 cells were cultured under 1% oxygen . 
At 6 , 12 and 24h , cells were analyzed for LDHA and LDHB isozyme activities , mRNA and protein expression compared to standard culture conditions . 
Lactate was measured from cell medium . 
The hypoxia inducible transcription factor ( HIF-1alpha ) protein expression was confirmed by western blot . 
Two lactate transporters ( MCT1 and MCT4 ) mRNA and protein expression were also studied under hypoxia . 
Finally , lactate was measured in plasma obtained from patients with severe preeclampsia . 
Under hypoxic conditions , LDHA mRNA is increased in primary trophoblast cells and JEG3 cells . 
The HIF-1alpha protein expression is higher in hypoxia-treated JEG3 cells than control . 
LDHA isozyme activity and its protein expression are increased most significantly at 24h of culture under hypoxia . 
However , LDHB protein is unchanged while its mRNA is decreased . 
Lactate secretion from JEG3 cells under hypoxia is increased , as is the lactate levels in the plasma from preeclampsia patients . 
Of the two lactate transporters studied , MCT4 mRNA and protein level are increased under hypoxia . 
Our findings support the role of hypoxia in inducing HIF-1alpha activity in trophoblasts and increasing LDH transcription as well as its activity . 
Higher levels of lactate are produced and secreted which may contribute to the higher lactate levels in plasma of preeclamptic patients . 
These mechanisms may be important in the pathophysiology of preeclampsia . Norepinephrine is frequently elevated in postural tachycardia syndrome ( POTS ) , a syndrome of heterogeneous etiology characterized by a >30 beats / min increase in heart rate with standing . 
Norepinephrine is synthesized from dopamine by dopamine-beta-hydroxylase ( DBH ) . 
The results of a preliminary study suggested that the T allele frequency of the DBH -1021C-->T polymorphism is elevated in POTS . 
This allele correlates with low DBH activity and might predict reduced serum DBH activity in patients with POTS . 
To test the hypothesis that low DBH activity and the underlying -1021C-->T polymorphism are associated with increased susceptibility to POTS , we measured serum DBH activity in POTS and determined its relationship to the DBH genotype and plasma norepinephrine . 
Serum DBH was similar for 83 normal volunteers and 42 patients with POTS : median ( range ) = 22 . 5 ( 0 . 5-94 . 2 ) and 19 . 6 ( 0 . 1-68 . 8 ) nmol . 
min ( -1 ) . 
ml ( -1 ) , respectively ( P = 0 . 282 ) . 
The genotype frequencies for 254 control and 157 POTS patients were not different between groups ( approximately 63% CC genotype and approximately 5% TT genotype , P = 0 . 319 ) . 
The T allele associated with lower serum DBH in both groups [ control serum DBH = 15 . 7 ( SD 12 . 3 ) and 35 . 1 nmol . 
min ( -1 ) . 
ml ( -1 ) ( SD 18 . 6 ) for T carriers and noncarriers , respectively; POTS serum DBH = 8 . 2 ( SD 5 . 6 ) and 28 . 5 nmol . 
min ( -1 ) . 
ml ( -1 ) ( SD 14 . 7 ) for T carriers and noncarriers , respectively ] . 
High DBH in POTS was linked to elevated plasma levels of norepinephrine . 
Although DBH activity and genotype are unlikely to be primary determinants of susceptibility to POTS , differences in DBH activity in POTS may reflect differences in the level of sympathetic activation . Inhibition of human alcohol and aldehyde dehydrogenases by cimetidine and assessment of its effects on ethanol metabolism . The severe defects in growth plate development caused by chondrocyte extracellular signal-regulated protein kinases 1 and 2 ( ERK1 / 2 ) gain or loss-of-function suggest that tight spatial and temporal regulation of mitogen-activated protein kinase signaling is necessary to achieve harmonious growth plate elongation and structure . 
We provide here evidence that neurofibromin , via its Ras guanosine triphosphatase -activating activity , controls ERK1 / 2-dependent fibroblast growth factor receptor ( FGFR ) signaling in chondrocytes . 
We show first that neurofibromin is expressed in FGFR-positive prehypertrophic and hypertrophic chondrocytes during growth plate endochondral ossification . 
Using mice lacking neurofibromin 1 ( Nf1 ) in type II collagen-expressing cells , ( Nf1col2 ( - / - ) mutant mice ) , we then show that lack of neurofibromin in post-mitotic chondrocytes triggers a number of phenotypes reminiscent of the ones observed in mice characterized by FGFR gain-of-function mutations . 
Those include dwarfism , constitutive ERK1 / 2 activation , strongly reduced Ihh expression and decreased chondrocyte proliferation and maturation , increased chondrocytic expression of Rankl , matrix metalloproteinase 9 ( Mmp9 ) and Mmp13 and enhanced growth plate osteoclastogenesis , as well as increased sensitivity to caspase-9 mediated apoptosis . 
Using wildtype ( WT ) and Nf1 ( - / - ) chondrocyte cultures in vitro , we show that FGF2 pulse-stimulation triggers rapid ERK1 / 2 phosphorylation in both genotypes , but that return to the basal level is delayed in Nf1 ( - / - ) chondrocytes . 
Importantly , in vivo ERK1 / 2 inhibition by daily injection of a recombinant form of C-type natriuretic peptide to post-natal pups for 18 days was able to correct the short stature of Nf1col2 ( - / - ) mice . 
Together , these results underscore the requirement of neurofibromin and ERK1 / 2 for normal endochondral bone formation and support the notion that neurofibromin , by restraining RAS-ERK1 / 2 signaling , is a negative regulator of FGFR signaling in differentiating chondrocytes . Previous work has shown that the genes encoding each alpha1-adrenoceptor subtype are coexpressed throughout the peripheral vascular system . 
We have evaluated subtype-selective antibodies as tools to determine the extent of protein expression in arteries . 
The alpha1A- , alpha1B- , and alpha1D-adrenoceptors were detected in the medial layer of the aorta , caudal , femoral , iliac , renal , superior mesenteric , and mesenteric resistance arteries . 
In Rat1 fibroblasts expressing each subtype , immunoreactivity was noted both on the cell surface and in a perinuclear orientation . 
Intense alpha1B-adrenoceptor immunostaining was similarly localized in cultured femoral and renal vascular smooth muscle cells . 
Although the cellular localization appeared to be the same , immunoreactivity obtained with alpha1A- and alpha1D-adrenoceptors was much less intense than that with the alpha1B-adrenoceptor . 
The alpha1A-adrenoceptor selective agonist A-61603 was 22-fold more potent in activating renal artery contraction when compared with the femoral artery . 
The expression of each alpha1-adrenoceptor was significantly decreased by in vivo application of antisense oligonucleotides targeted against each subtype . 
Inhibition of the expression of only one , the alpha1A in renal and the alpha1D in femoral arteries , reduced the contractile response to naphazoline . 
The results show : 1 ) subtype-selective antibodies can be used in tissues and cell culture to localize the alpha1-adrenoceptor subtypes , 2 ) in addition to expression on the cell surface , the alpha1-adrenoceptors are expressed intracellularly , and 3 ) despite expression of all adrenoceptors , a single subtype mediates the contractile response in the femoral and renal arteries . Genetic reduction of GABA ( A ) receptor gamma2 subunit expression potentiates the immobilizing action of isoflurane . Inhibition of the uterotropic activity of estrogens and antiestrogens by the short acting antiestrogen LY117018 . Repeated morphine administration leads to molecular alterations of the neural circuitry in the locus coeruleus and nucleus accumbens . 
These changes include increased activity of several components of the cAMP signaling pathway that are thought to be associated with psychological and somatic signs of opiate withdrawal . 
The neuropeptide galanin has been shown to attenuate cAMP signaling in multiple cell types . 
The current study demonstrates that acute galanin treatment blocks the consequences of increased cAMP signaling following chronic opiate administration and withdrawal in Cath . 
a cells and primary cultures of striatal neurons as measured by phosphorylation of the transcription factor cAMP regulatory element-binding protein ( CREB ) . 
In addition , galanin-mediated attenuation of CREB phosphorylation is independent of galanin-induced extracellular signal-regulated kinase ( ERK ) 1 / 2 phosphorylation in Cath . 
a cells . 
These data suggest that galanin receptors may serve as an additional potential therapeutic target for the treatment of opiate withdrawal . Analysis of alpha 1L-adrenoceptor pharmacology in rat small mesenteric artery . Patients with temporal lobe epilepsy ( TLE ) often have a shrunken hippocampus that is known to be the location in which seizures originate . 
The role of the sclerotic hippocampus in the causation and maintenance of seizures in temporal lobe epilepsy ( TLE ) has remained incompletely understood despite extensive neuropathological investigations of this substrate . 
To gain new insights and develop new testable hypotheses on the role of sclerosis in the pathophysiology of TLE , the differential gene expression profile was studied . 
To this end , DNA microarray analysis was used to compare gene expression profiles in sclerotic and non-sclerotic hippocampi surgically removed from TLE patients . 
Sclerotic hippocampi had transcriptional signatures that were different from non-sclerotic hippocampi . 
The differentially expressed gene set in sclerotic hippocampi revealed changes in several molecular signaling pathways , which included the increased expression of genes associated with astrocyte structure ( glial fibrillary acidic protein , ezrin-moesin-radixin , palladin ) , calcium regulation ( S100 calcium binding protein beta , chemokine ( C-X-C motif ) receptor 4 ) and blood-brain barrier function ( Aquaaporin 4 , Chemokine ( C-C- motif ) ligand 2 , Chemokine ( C-C- motif ) ligand 3 , Plectin 1 , intermediate filament binding protein 55kDa ) and inflammatory responses . 
Immunohistochemical localization studies show that there is altered distribution of the gene-associated proteins in astrocytes from sclerotic foci compared with non-sclerotic foci . 
It is hypothesized that the astrocytes in sclerotic tissue have activated molecular pathways that could lead to enhanced release of glutamate by these cells . 
Such glutamate release may excite surrounding neurons and elicit seizure activity . Recombinant human kynureninase ( L-kynurenine hydrolase , EC 3 . 7 . 1 . 3 ) was purified to homogeneity ( 60-fold ) from Spodoptera frugiperda ( Sf9 ) cells infected with baculovirus containing the kynureninase gene . 
The purification protocol comprised ammonium sulfate precipitation and several chromatographic steps , including DEAE-Sepharose CL-6B , hydroxyapatite , strong anionic and cationic separations . 
The purity of the enzyme was determined by SDS / PAGE , and the molecular mass verified by MALDI-TOF MS . 
The monomeric molecular mass of 52 . 4 kDa determined was > 99 . 99% of the predicted molecular mass . 
A UV absorption spectrum of the holoenzyme resulted in a peak at 432 nm . 
The optimum pH was 8 . 25 and the enzyme displayed a strong dependence on the ionic strength of the buffer for optimum activity . 
This cloned enzyme was highly specific for 3-hydroxykynurenine ( Km = 3 . 0 microm + / - 0 . 10 ) and was inhibited by L-kynurenine ( Ki = 20 microm ) , d-kynurenine ( Ki = 12 microm ) and a synthetic substrate analogue D , L-3 , 7-dihydroxydesaminokynurenine ( Ki = 100 nm ) . 
The activity / concentration profile for kynureninase from this source was sigmoidal in all instances . 
There appeared to be partial inhibition by substrate , and excess pyridoxal 5'-phosphate was found to be inhibitory . Various ovarian substances regulate the secretion of gonadotrophins during the menstrual cycle , but there are still several unclarified issues . 
The aim of this study was to investigate the positive feedback effect of progesterone during the immediate period following ovariectomy . 
Experiments were performed in 12 normally cycling women ( aged 39-49 years ) . 
Following abdominal hysterectomy plus bilateral ovariectomy performed on cycle day 3 ( day 0 ) , the women received either estradiol via skin patches ( days 0-7 , n = 6 , group 1 ) or estradiol as above plus vaginal progesterone ( days 1-7 , n = 6 , group 2 ) . 
Serum estradiol values increased similarly in the two groups . 
After the operation , serum progesterone levels decreased significantly in group 1 , while in group 2 they remained stable becoming higher than in group 1 ( p < 0 . 05 ) . 
An LH and an FSH surge occurred in group 2 with the values after the peak returning to the pre-surge baseline . 
In contrast , in group 1 LH and FSH levels following an initial decrease , increased gradually until the end of the experiment . 
These results demonstrate that , despite a variable response to estrogens , the positive feedback effect of progesterone remained intact immediately after ovariectomy in women . 
It is suggested that it is the combining action of estradiol and progesterone that can ensure the expression of a positive feedback mechanism in women . Binding of ( - ) - [ 3H ] -CGP12177 at two sites in recombinant human beta 1-adrenoceptors and interaction with beta-blockers . Prostacyclin analogues inhibit tissue factor expression in the human monocytic cell line THP-1 via a cyclic AMP-dependent mechanism . Asymmetric dimethylarginine predicts decline of glucose tolerance in men with stable coronary artery disease : a 4 . 5-year follow-up study . Prevention of acute allograft rejection in nonhuman primate lung transplant recipients : induction with chimeric anti-interleukin-2 receptor monoclonal antibody improves the tolerability and potentiates the immunosuppressive activity of a regimen using low doses of both microemulsion cyclosporine and 40-O- ( 2-hydroxyethyl ) -rapamycin . The development of molecular analyses for thyroid pathologies is on going . 
These analyses provide new diagnostic tools with the aim of accurately distinguishing malignant and benign thyroid tumors . 
They are particularly useful as most of them can be done preoperatively on thyroid fine-needle aspiration biopsy samples . 
Furthermore , molecular biomarkers may play a promising role since they are able to predict the prognosis of patients with thyroid tumors . 
Moreover , identification of molecular markers as well as a better understanding of thyroid carcinogenesis will help develop innovative targeted therapies , particularly in patients with metastatic iodo-resistant thyroid carcinoma . 
To date , four types of somatic genetic alterations are known to hold potential interest for the diagnosis and / or prognosis of follicular cell-derived thyroid carcinomas : BRAF and RAS mutations , and RET / PTC and PAX8 / PPARγ rearrangements . 
Other recent molecular biomarkers have been investigated in thyroid oncology , in particular different microRNA signatures . 
This review describes the different aspects of ancillary methods , including those bassed on molecular biology , that are of current interest for the diagnosis , prognosis and treatment of follicular cell-derived thyroid carcinomas . Combined targeting of FGFR2 and mTOR by ponatinib and ridaforolimus results in synergistic antitumor activity in FGFR2 mutant endometrial cancer models . Cholinesterases in development : AChE as a firewall to inhibit cell proliferation and support differentiation . Thyroid hormone receptor alpha is a molecular switch of cardiac function between fetal and postnatal life . This study elucidates the role of metabolic remodeling in cardiac dysfunction induced by hyperthyroidism . 
Cardiac hypertrophy , structural remodeling , and expression of the genes associated with fatty acid metabolism were examined in rats treated with triiodothyronine ( T3 ) alone ( 8 μg / 100 g body weight ( BW ) , i . 
p . 
) for 15 days or along with a peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha agonist bezafibrate ( Bzf; 30 μg / 100 g BW , oral ) and were found to improve in the Bzf co-treated condition . 
Ultrastructure of mitochondria was damaged in T3-treated rat heart , which was prevented by Bzf co-administration . 
Hyperthyroidism-induced oxidative stress , reduction in cytochrome c oxidase activity , and myocardial ATP concentration were also significantly checked by Bzf . 
Heart function studied at different time points during the course of T3 treatment shows an initial improvement and then a gradual but progressive decline with time , which is prevented by Bzf co-treatment . 
In summary , the results demonstrate that hyperthyroidism inflicts structural and functional damage to mitochondria , leading to energy depletion and cardiac dysfunction . Data about etiologic and demographic characteristics of acute poisoning in adults in Qatar are lacking . 
This prospective observational study was undertaken to analyze characteristics and possible determinants of acute poisoning in adults in Qatar . 
During 2010 , 18 , 073 patients attended the emergency department of Hamad General Hospital , a teaching hospital in Qatar . 
Out of them , 599 ( 3 . 3% ) patients were diagnosed as "poisoning case" with either chemical or pharmaceutical substances . 
The prevalence rate of poisoning incidence was 35 . 3 / 100 , 000 population . 
Seven patients died , corresponding with a case-fatality rate of 0 . 39 / 1000 . 
The majority were male ( 65% ) and the mean age was 34 years . 
The poisons involved were mainly chemicals ( 61 . 6% ) and pharmaceuticals ( 38 . 4% ) . 
Female , mainly single , suffered more intentional poisoning compared to male . 
Of the patients aged 60 years and above ( 7 . 2% ) , the majority ( 95 . 3% ) suffered unintentional poisoning with pharmaceuticals; 56% with warfarin , 12% with digoxin and 7% with insulin . 
Multivariate analysis shows that female gender , single status , younger than 35 years of age , being poisoned by pharmaceutical products , and the need for hospitalization are significant determinants for acute intentional poisoning after adjusting all other possible covariates . 
The findings of this study can be used to establish awareness and prophylactic campaigns in Qatar . Di 2-ethyl hexyl phthalate affects differentiation and matrix mineralization of rat calvarial osteoblasts--in vitro . Pullulan-based nanoparticles as carriers for transmucosal protein delivery . Elastase from Aspergillus sp . 
is an important factor for aspergillosis . 
AFUEI is an inhibitor of the elastase derived from Aspergillus fumigatus . 
AFUEI is a member of the I78 inhibitor family , and has a high inhibitory activity against elastases of Aspergillus fumigatus and Aspergillus flavus , human neutrophil elastase and bovine chymotrypsin , but does not inhibit bovine trypsin . 
Here we report the crystal structure of AFUEI in two crystal forms . 
AFUEI is a wedge-shaped protein composed of an extended loop and a scaffold protein core . 
The structure of AFUEI shows remarkable similarity to serine protease inhibitors of the potato inhibitor I family , although they are classified into different inhibitor families . 
A structural comparison with the potato I family inhibitors suggests that the extended loop of AFUEI corresponds to the binding loop of the potato inhibitor I family and AFUEI inhibits its cognate proteases through the same mechanism as the Potato I family inhibitors . We evaluated the herb-drug interaction potential of Galgeun-tang ( GGT ) extracts , mediated by cytochrome P450 ( CYP ) inhibition / induction . 
Further , the effects of fermentation on the CYP-mediated herb-drug interaction potential of GGT extracts were determined . 
As measured by LC-ESI / MS / MS , GGT extracts ( 0-300μg / mL ) showed no inhibitory activity toward eight CYP isoforms ( 1A2 , 2A6 , 2B6 , 2C9 , 2C19 , 2D6 , 2E1 , and 3A4 ) in pooled human liver microsomes , suggesting that GGT may have low potential for herb-drug interactions mediated by CYP inhibition . 
Hepatic CYP expression and activity in rats treated with GGT extracts twice per day for 1week was examined . 
Among the tested CYP isoforms ( 1A1 , 1A2 , 1B1 , 2B1 , 2C11 , 2E1 , 3A1 , 3A2 , and 4A1 ) , CYP1B1 and 4A1 were increased by GGT extracts . 
Hepatic activities of 7-ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase , 7-pentoxyresorufin-O-depentylase , and chlorzoxazone 6-hydroxylase , but not midazolam hydroxylase were also elevated . 
These results raise the possibility that GGT extracts may increase the toxicity of environmental toxicants through the elevating CYP-dependent metabolic activation . 
Interestingly , the increases in CYP1B1 and CYP4A1 levels , and 7-ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase , 7-pentoxyresorufin-O-depentylase , and chlorzoxazone 6-hydroxylase activities were attenuated by fermentation of GGT extract using Lactobacillus plantarum KFRI 402 , but not 144 . 
Further studies are needed to identify the CYP regulatory component ( s ) from GGT and determination its metabolism . ( 2S , 3R , 4R , 5S , 6R ) -2- ( 3- ( 4-Ethoxybenzyl ) -4-chlorophenyl ) -6-hydroxymethyl-tetrahydro -2H-pyran-3 , 4 , 5-triol ( dapagliflozin; BMS-512148 ) is a potent sodium-glucose cotransporter type II inhibitor in animals and humans and is currently under development for the treatment of type 2 diabetes . 
The preclinical characterization of dapagliflozin , to allow compound selection and prediction of pharmacological and dispositional behavior in the clinic , involved Caco-2 cell permeability studies , cytochrome P450 ( P450 ) inhibition and induction studies , P450 reaction phenotyping , metabolite identification in hepatocytes , and pharmacokinetics in rats , dogs , and monkeys . 
Dapagliflozin was found to have good permeability across Caco-2 cell membranes . 
It was found to be a substrate for P-glycoprotein ( P-gp ) but not a significant P-gp inhibitor . 
Dapagliflozin was not found to be an inhibitor or an inducer of human P450 enzymes . 
The in vitro metabolic profiles of dapagliflozin after incubation with hepatocytes from mice , rats , dogs , monkeys , and humans were qualitatively similar . 
Rat hepatocyte incubations showed the highest turnover , and dapagliflozin was most stable in human hepatocytes . 
Prominent in vitro metabolic pathways observed were glucuronidation , hydroxylation , and O-deethylation . 
Pharmacokinetic parameters for dapagliflozin in preclinical species revealed a compound with adequate oral exposure , clearance , and elimination half-life , consistent with the potential for single daily dosing in humans . 
The pharmacokinetics in humans after a single dose of 50 mg of [ ( 14 ) C ] dapagliflozin showed good exposure , low clearance , adequate half-life , and no metabolites with significant pharmacological activity or toxicological concern . A comparison of the beta1-selectivity of three beta1-selective beta-blockers . Aminopropylindenes derived from Grundmann's ketone as a novel chemotype of oxidosqualene cyclase inhibitors . alpha ( 1 ) -Adrenoceptor subtypes in the mouse mesenteric artery and abdominal aorta . Inhibition of eukaryote serine / threonine-specific protein kinases by piceatannol . ( D ) -beta-Hydroxybutyrate inhibits adipocyte lipolysis via the nicotinic acid receptor PUMA-G . Increasing the cellular concentration of DNA topoisomerase II in yeast by expressing constitutively a plasmid-borne TOP2 gene encoding the enzyme greatly increases the sensitivity of the cells to amsacrine and etoposide ( VP-16 ) . 
This increased drug sensitivity at a higher intracellular DNA topoisomerase II level is observed in both RAD52 + repair-proficient strains and rad52 mutants that are defective in the repair of double-stranded breaks . 
These results provide strong support of the hypothesis that the cellular target of these drugs is DNA topoisomerase II , and that these drugs kill cells by converting DNA topoisomerase II into a DNA damaging agent . DNA methylation regulates gene expression . 
Aberrant methylation plays an important role in human tumorigenesis . 
We have previously detected reduced NIS mRNA expression in thyroid tumors as compared to non-tumor tissues . 
Thus , in this study we investigated whether the methylation of the CpG-island located in the NIS gene promoter was associated with reduced mRNA expression in thyroid tumors . 
Methylation levels of 30 pairs of samples from 10 benign and 20 malignant thyroid tumors ( T ) along with matched non-tumor ( NT ) areas were determined by semiquantitative methylation specific-PCR . 
NIS methylation was detected in all samples . 
Methylation levels and frequencies did not differ between the groups and were not associated with BRAF mutational status . 
Highest methylation levels and frequencies were detected in the 5' region of the CpG-island decreasing toward the 3' end . 
Intraindividual analysis ( T versus NT ) showed high tumor methylation levels in 40 % of the samples in the benign group and 30 % in the malignant group , associated with low NIS mRNA expression . 
No quantitative correlation was detected between methylation levels and mRNA expression in any the groups . 
The results of this study showed that methylation of NIS promoter is a very frequent event in both benign and malignant tumors as well as in their surrounding tissues , and characterized a non-homogeneous methylation pattern along the CpG island . 
Therefore , further investigations involving other sites that may be implicated in methylation regulation of NIS expression are warranted . Effects of eletriptan on the peptidergic innervation of the cerebral dura mater and trigeminal ganglion , and on the expression of c-fos and c-jun in the trigeminal complex of the rat in an experimental migraine model . Serotonin transporters ( SERT ) play an essential role in the termination and regulation of serotonin signaling in the brain . 
SERT is also the target of antidepressants and psychostimulants . 
Molecules with novel activities and modes of interaction with regard to SERT function are of great scientific and clinical interest . 
We explored structural regions outside the putative serotonin translocation pathway to identify potential binding sites for allosteric transporter modulators ( ATMs ) . 
Mutational studies revealed a pocket of amino acids outside the orthosteric substrate binding sites located in the interface between extracellular loops 1 and 3 that when mutated affect transporter function . 
Using the structure of the bacterial transporter homologue leucine transporter as a template , we developed a structural model of SERT . 
We performed molecular dynamics simulations to further characterize the allosteric pocket that was identified by site-directed mutagenesis studies and employed this pocket in a virtual screen for small-molecule modulators of SERT function . 
In functional transport assays , we found that one of the identified molecules , ATM7 , increased the reuptake of serotonin , possibly by facilitating the interaction of serotonin with transport-ready conformations of SERT when concentrations of serotonin were low and rate limiting . 
In addition , ATM7 potentiates 3 , 4-methylenedioxy-N-methylamphetamine ( MDMA , "Ecstasy" ) -induced reversed transport by SERT . 
Taking advantage of a conformationally sensitive residue in transmembrane domain 6 , we demonstrate that ATM7 mechanistically stabilizes an outward-facing conformation of SERT . 
Taken together these observations demonstrate that ATM7 acts through a novel mechanism that involves allosteric modulation of SERT function . Effects of enprofylline on A1 and A2 adenosine receptors . The YLR205c gene of Saccharomyces cerevisiae does not show significant sequence identity to any known gene , except for heme oxygenase ( 22% to human HO-1 ) . 
The YLR205 ORF was cloned and overexpressed in both Escherichia coli and S . 
cerevisiae . 
Both expression systems yielded proteins that bound heme tightly . 
The isolated YLR205c protein underwent reduction in the presence of either NADPH-cytochrome P450 reductase or NADH-putidaredoxin-putidaredoxin reductase but did not exhibit heme oxygenase activity . 
The protein exhibited modest H ( 2 ) O ( 2 ) -dependent peroxidase activities with guaiacol , potassium iodide , and 2 , 2 ( ' ) -azino-bis ( 3-ethylbenzothiazoline-6-sulfonic acid ( ABTS ) . 
Thus , YLR205c codes for a hemoprotein of unknown physiological function that exhibits peroxidase activity . Cloning , characterization , and chromosomal localization of a human 5-HT6 serotonin receptor . Potency switch between CHK1 and MK2 : Discovery of imidazo [ 1 , 2-a ] pyrazine- and imidazo [ 1 , 2-c ] pyrimidine-based kinase inhibitors . Minocycline inhibits cytochrome c release and delays progression of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in mice . Modification of dopamine D2 receptor activity by pergolide in Parkinson's disease : an in vivo study by PET . Discovery of ( R ) -2-amino-6-borono-2- ( 2- ( piperidin-1-yl ) ethyl ) hexanoic acid and congeners as highly potent inhibitors of human arginases I and II for treatment of myocardial reperfusion injury . Radioimmunotherapy of relapsed non-Hodgkin's lymphoma with zevalin , a 90Y-labeled anti-CD20 monoclonal antibody . Type 2 diabetes ( T2D ) is characterized by β-cell dysfunction and the subsequent depletion of insulin production , usually in a context of increased peripheral insulin resistance . 
T2D patients are routinely treated with oral antidiabetic agents such as sulfonylureas or dipeptidyl peptidase-4 antagonists , which promote glucose- and incretin-dependent insulin secretion , respectively . 
Interestingly , insulin secretion may also be induced by neural stimulation . 
Here we report the expression of Nogo-A in β-cells . 
Nogo-A is a membrane protein that inhibits neurite outgrowth and cell migration in the central nervous system . 
We observed that Nogo-A-deficient mice display improved insulin secretion and glucose clearance . 
This was associated with a stronger parasympathetic input and higher sensitivity of β-cells to the cholinergic analog carbachol . 
Insulin secretion was also improved in diabetic db / db mice treated with neutralizing antibody against Nogo-A . 
Together , these findings suggest that promoting the vagal stimulation of insulin secretion through the selective inhibition of Nogo-A could be a novel therapeutic approach in T2D . Centrally acting oximes in reactivation of tabun-phosphoramidated AChE . YAP1 confers resistance to the fatty acid synthase inhibitor cerulenin through the transporter Flr1p in Saccharomyces cerevisiae . Effects of clozapine and its metabolites on the 5-HT2 receptor system in cortical and hippocampal cells in vitro . The effects of prolonged exposure to microcystins ( MCs ) on health are not yet sufficiently understood and this type of poisoning is often undiagnosed . 
Even though chronic exposure has been linked with liver cancer and alterations have been described in liver damage marker enzymes in exposed populations , there are not profile parameters that indicate prolonged exposure to microcystins . 
The aim of this work is to determine , based on an animal model of prolonged exposure to successive i . 
p . 
doses of 25 μg MC-LR / kg body weight , several plasma parameters which could be useful as exposure biomarkers . 
Hemoglobin ( Hb ) and methemoglobin ( MetHb ) levels were determined on blood samples . 
We also studied plasma levels of hydroperoxides ( ROOHs ) , α-tocopherol , glutathione and lipid profile as well as superoxide dismutase ( SOD ) and catalase ( CAT ) erythrocyte activities . 
In addition , the determination of MC-LR levels in liver , kidney , plasma , urine and feces of treated mice was carried out . 
We found that alteration in MetHb , ROOHs , glutathione , α-tocopherol levels , SOD activity and plasma lipid profile , correlates with those expected if the alteration derived from hepatic damage . 
The alterated plasma paramenters together with MC-LR determination could be used as biomarkers , helpful tools in screening and epidemiological studies . Saturable active efflux by p-glycoprotein and breast cancer resistance protein at the blood-brain barrier leads to nonlinear distribution of elacridar to the central nervous system . Cardiac effects of the beta 3-adrenoceptor agonist BRL35135 in man . Effects of seaweed-restructured pork diets enriched or not with cholesterol on rat cholesterolaemia and liver damage . The purpose of this transverse prospective study was to determine blood nutritional , immunity and inflammatory proteins change in vitamin A deficiency in children of school-age ( 262 children , aged 7 to 15 years ) . 
Blood vitamin A has been determined by HPLC with UV detection . 
Proteins have been measured by radial immunodiffusion according to Mancini . 
Results showed that 96 children ( 36 . 6% ) presented a vitamin A deficiency ( vitamin A < 200 microg / L with a retinol binding protein / transthyretin molar ratio = 0 . 29 + / - 0 . 06 ) while 166 ( 63 . 3% ) children presented normal blood concentrations of vitamin A ( vitamin A > or = 200 microg / L with a Retinol Binding Protein / Transthyretin molar ratio = 0 . 40 + / - 0 . 08 ) . 
This study showed that the retinol binding protein and the immunoglobulin A are lower in children with vitamin A deficiency . 
On the other hand , an isolated increase of alpha-1 glycoprotein acid has been observed in boys with vitamin A deficiency . 
The vitamin A deficiency observed in this survey is due to a micronutrients deficiency in the diet which is essentially based on glucides . 
The positive correlation between vitamin A and immunoglobulin A concentrations might be the result of the vitamin A inductive effect during immunoglobulins A synthesis . 
The isolated increasing of alpha-1 glycoprotein acid in boys with vitamin A deficiency has been assigned to the ecosensitiveness of the unfavourable environment . 
We therefore concluded that , in Ivorian primary-school-aged children with vitamin A deficiency , nutritional , immunity and inflammatory proteins which are modified are respectively retinol binding protein , immunoglobulin A and alpha-1 glycoprotein acid . Effects of vitamin B6 metabolism on oncogenesis , tumor progression and therapeutic responses . Identification of mu-class glutathione transferases M2-2 and M3-3 as cytosolic prostaglandin E synthases in the human brain . The enzyme cyclo-oxygenase catalyses the oxygenation of arachidonic acid , leading to the formation of prostaglandins . 
Recently two forms of cyclo-oxygenase have been described : a constitutive ( COX-1 ) enzyme present in most cells and tissues , and an inducible ( COX-2 ) isoenzyme observed in many cells in response to pro-inflammatory cytokines . 
Constitutive and inducible forms of human cyclo-oxygenase ( hCOX-1 and hCOX-2 ) were cloned and expressed in insect cells , utilizing a baculovirus expression system . 
hCOX-1 had a specific activity of 18 . 8 mumol of O2 / mg with a Km of 13 . 8 microM for arachidonate and Vmax . 
of 1500 nmol of O2 / nmol of enzyme , whereas hCOX-2 had a specific activity of 12 . 2 mumol of O2 / mg with a Km of 8 . 7 microM for arachidonate and a Vmax . 
of 1090 nmol of O2 / nmol of enzyme . 
Indomethacin inhibited both hCOX-1 and hCOX-2 , whereas NS-398 and Dup-697 selectively inhibited hCOX-2 . 
Both NS-398 and Dup-697 exhibited time-dependent inactivation of hCOX-2 , as did indomethacin on both enzymes . 
The competitive inhibitor of hCOX-1 , mefenamic acid , also displayed competitive inhibition of hCOX-2 . 
These results demonstrate the ability to generate selective non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( NSAIDs ) , which could provide useful improvement therapeutically in the treatment of chronic inflammatory disease . Two distinct mechanisms of Topoisomerase 1-dependent mutagenesis in yeast . Acute escitalopram treatment inhibits REM sleep rebound and activation of MCH-expressing neurons in the lateral hypothalamus after long term selective REM sleep deprivation . PURPOSE : Omeprazole has ( R ) - and ( S ) -enantiomers , which exhibit different pharmacokinetics ( PK ) among patients with cytochrome P450 ( CYP ) 2C19 genotype groups . 
The aim of this study was to investigate whether the 1-point , 4-h postdose ( R ) -omeprazole hydroxylation index ( HI ) of racemic omeprazole reflects the three CYP2C19 genotype groups in Japanese individuals . 
METHODS : Ninety healthy Japanese individuals were enrolled and classified into the three different CYP2C19 genotype groups : homozygous extensive metabolizers ( hmEMs; n = 34 ) , heterozygous EMs ( htEMs; n = 44 ) , and poor metabolizers ( PMs; n = 12 ) . 
Blood samples were drawn 4 h after the intake of an oral dose of omeprazole 40 mg , and plasma levels of omeprazole and its metabolites were analyzed by high-performance liquid chromatography ( HPLC ) using a chiral column . 
RESULTS : Mean plasma concentrations of ( R ) - and ( S ) -omeprazole in PMs were significantly higher than those in hmEMs and htEMs , and similar results were obtained in the case of omeprazole sulfone . 
Additionally , there was a significant difference in plasma concentrations of ( R ) -5-hydroxyomeprazole among CYP2C19 genotype groups , whereas no significant differences were observed in that of ( S ) -5-hydroxyomeprazole . 
Similarly , ( R ) -omeprazole HI in hmEMs , htEMs , and PMs were 5 . 6 , 3 . 1 , and 0 . 3 , respectively , which were significantly different , but no significant difference was present in the ( S ) -omeprazole HI . 
CONCLUSION : Our findings demonstrate that ( R ) -omeprazole HI correlated better with CYP2C19 genotype groups than racemic-omeprazole HI , and these results may be useful for classification among patients in CYP2C19 genotype groups prior to omeprazole treatment . The association between osteoporosis and cardiovascular diseases has been demonstrated . 
Higher cardiovascular risk has also been correlated with vertebral fractures . 
However , the association between osteoporotic vertebral fracture and the possibly higher risk of stroke remains uncertain . 
This study aimed to evaluate the incidence , risk , and type of stroke in patients with osteoporotic vertebral fracture . 
Patients with osteoporotic vertebral fracture were identified ( n = 380 ) and 10 age- and sex-matched controls per case ( comparison group , n = 3795 ) were chosen from a nationwide representative cohort of 999 , 997 people from 1998 to 2005 . 
Both groups were followed-up for stroke events for 3 years , matched by propensity scores with adjustments for covariates such as comorbidities ( ie , hypertension , diabetes , arrhythmia , or coronary heart diseases ) and exposure to medications ( ie , aspirin , lipid lowering drug , or nitrates ) , and assessed by Kaplan-Meier and Cox regression analyses . 
The incidence rate of stroke in the osteoporotic vertebral fracture group ( 37 . 5 per 1000 person-years; 95% confidence interval [ CI ] , 27 . 5-51 . 2 ) was significantly higher than in the comparison group ( 14 . 0 per 1000 person-years; 95% CI , 12 . 0-16 . 4 , p < 0 . 001 ) . 
Stroke was more likely to occur in the osteoporotic vertebral fracture patients than in the normal controls ( crude hazard ratio [ HR ] 2 . 68 , 95% CI 1 . 89-3 . 79 , p < 0 . 001; adjusted HR 2 . 71 , 95% CI 1 . 90-3 . 86 , p < 0 . 001 ) . 
In conclusion , patients with osteoporotic vertebral fracture have a higher risk of stroke ( ie , both ischemic and hemorrhagic ) and require stroke prevention strategies . An aqueous self-assembled micellar system ( sodium dodecyl sulfate , SDS , decorated with various adhesive sites , cryptand Kryptofix 222 and crown ether 18-Crown-6 molecules ) has been investigated by dynamic light scattering ( DLS ) and small angle x-ray scattering ( SAXS ) to have insights into the micellar structure , the micellar interactions , and the aggregation properties of the system . 
DLS demonstrates the existence of populations of aggregates in the submicrometer / micrometer range , while the Guinier analysis of the SAXS curves helps in detailing objects smaller than 30 nm . 
The aggregates of micelles are here named cluster phases of micelles ( CPMs ) . 
Considering that SDS micelles in water do not aggregate at low concentration , it is shown that macrocyclic ligands induce the SDS micelle aggregation as a function of the concentration ( i . 
e . 
, investigated ligand / SDS molar ratios are 5 . 0 , 1 . 5 , 1 . 0 , and 0 . 5 ) and hydrophobicity of the adhesive sites . 
The sizes and the percentages of the micelles and the CPMs have been monitored to test the stability and reversibility of the system . 
DLS results clearly show that the aggregation processes of the decorated micelles are reproducible at time intervals of the order of 1 month , while the stability may not be entirely maintained after a year . 
As an issue of particular relevance , the higher the ligand / surfactant molar ratio , the larger are the CPMs induced . 
The K222 ligand results in being more effective in promoting the micellar aggregation than 18C6 as a consequence of the different hydrophobicity . Electronic transitions of protonated and deprotonated amino acids in aqueous solution in the region 145-300 nm studied by attenuated total reflection far-ultraviolet spectroscopy . Tissues distribution of heavy metals and erythrocytes antioxidant status in rats exposed to Nigerian bonny light crude oil . Ion channels are multimeric , transmembrane proteins that selectively mediate ion flux across the plasma membrane in a variety of cells including vascular smooth muscle cells ( VSMCs ) . 
The dynamic interplay of Ca ( 2 + ) and K ( + ) channels on the plasma membrane of VSMCs plays a pivotal role in modulating the vascular tone of small arteries and arterioles . 
The abnormally-elevated arterial tone observed in hypertension thus points to an aberrant expression and function of Ca ( 2 + ) and K ( + ) channels in the VSMCs . 
In this short review , we focus on the three well-studied ion channels in VSMCs , namely the L-type Ca ( 2 + ) ( CaV1 . 2 ) channels , the voltage-gated K ( + ) ( KV ) channels , and the large-conductance Ca ( 2 + ) -activated K ( + ) ( BK ) channels . 
First , we provide a brief overview on the physiological role of vascular CaV1 . 2 , KV and BK channels in regulating arterial tone . 
Second , we discuss the current understanding of the expression changes and regulation of CaV1 . 2 , KV and BK channels in the vasculature during hypertension . 
Third , based on available proof-of-concept studies , we describe the potential therapeutic approaches targeting these vascular ion channels in order to restore blood pressure to normotensive levels . cAMP regulation of airway smooth muscle function . 1 . 
In mouse atria , angiotensin II and bradykinin lose much or all of their noradrenaline release-enhancing effect when presynaptic alpha ( 2 ) -autoinhibition does not operate either because of stimulation with very brief pulse trains or because of treatment with alpha ( 2 ) antagonists . 
We now studied this operational condition in alpha ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor-deficient mice . 
Release of ( 3 ) H-noradrenaline was elicited by electrical stimulation . 
2 . 
In tissues from wild-type ( WT ) mice , angiotensin II and bradykinin increased the overflow of tritium evoked by 120 pulses at 3 Hz . 
This enhancement did not occur or was much reduced when tissues were stimulated by 120 pulses at 3 Hz in the presence of rauwolscine and phentolamine , or when they were stimulated by 20 pulses at 50 Hz . 
3 . 
In tissues from mice lacking the alpha ( 2A ) -adrenoceptor ( alpha ( 2A ) KO ) or the alpha ( 2B ) -adrenoceptor ( alpha ( 2B ) KO ) , the concentration-response curves of angiotensin II and bradykinin ( 120 pulses at 3 Hz ) were unchanged . 
In tissues from mice lacking the alpha ( 2C ) -adrenoceptor ( alpha ( 2C ) KO ) or both the alpha ( 2A ) - and the alpha ( 2C ) -adrenoceptor ( alpha ( 2AC ) KO ) , the concentration-response curves were shifted to the same extent downwards . 
4 . 
As in WT tissues , angiotensin II and bradykinin lost most or all of their effect in alpha ( 2A ) KO and alpha ( 2AC ) KO tissues when rauwolscine and phentolamine were present or trains consisted of 20 pulses at 50 Hz . 
5 . 
Rauwolscine and phentolamine increased tritium overflow evoked by 120 pulses at 3 Hz up to seven-fold in WT and alpha ( 2B ) KO tissues , three-fold in alpha ( 2A ) KO and alpha ( 2C ) KO tissues , and two-fold in alpha ( 2AC ) KO tissues . 
6 . 
Results confirm that angiotensin II and bradykinin require ongoing alpha ( 2 ) -autoinhibition for the full extent of their release-enhancing effect . 
Specifically , they require ongoing alpha ( 2C ) -autoinhibition . 
The peptide effects that remain in alpha ( 2C ) -autoreceptor-deficient mice seem to be because of alpha ( 2B ) -autoinhibition . 
The results hence also suggest that in addition to alpha ( 2A ) - and alpha ( 2C ) - mouse postganglionic sympathetic neurons possess alpha ( 2B ) -autoreceptors . Inhibition of ghrelin O-acyltransferase attenuates food deprivation-induced increases in ingestive behavior . The in vivo effect of trazodone on the density of [ ( 3 ) H ] 5-HT binding sites and 5-HT ( 1A ) receptors and adenylyl cyclase ( AC ) response was studied in regions of rat brain . 
The chronic administration of trazodone ( 10 mg / Kg body wt , 40 days ) resulted in a significant downregulation of [ ( 3 ) H ] 5-HT binding sites and 5-HT ( 1A ) receptors in cortex and hippocampus . 
Trazodone significantly ( p < 0 . 0001 ) decreased the density of [ ( 3 ) H ] 5-HT binding sites in cortex ( 42 . 6 + / - 3 . 6 fmol / mg protein , 65% ) and hippocampus ( 12 . 6 + / - 1 . 6 fmol / mg protein , 87% ) when compared to control values of 121 . 9 + / - 5 . 4 and 99 . 3 + / - 7 . 5 fmol / mg protein in these regions , respectively . 
Similarly there was a significant ( p < 0 . 0001 ) decrease in the density of 5-HT ( 1A ) receptors in both cortex ( 7 . 2 + / - 0 . 5 fmol / mg protein , 70% ) and hippocampus ( 6 . 3 + / - 1 . 2 fmol / mg protein , 79% ) when compared to control values of 24 . 2 + / - 2 . 1 and 30 . 6 + / - 3 . 7 fmol / mg protein , in these regions respectively . 
However , the affinity of [ ( 3 ) H ] 5-HT to 5-HT binding sites ( 1 . 83 + / - 0 . 26 nM , p < 0 . 0001 ) and [ ( 3 ) H ] 8-OH-DPAT to 5-HT ( 1A ) receptors ( 0 . 60 + / - 0 . 06 nM , p < 0 . 05 ) was significantly decreased only in cortex when compared to the control K ( d ) values of 0 . 88 + / - 0 . 04 nM and 0 . 47 + / - 0 . 02 nM in these regions , respectively . 
The basal AC activity did not alter in treated rats , where as , the inhibition of forskolin-stimulated AC activity by 5-HT ( 10 microM ) was significantly ( p < 0 . 0001 ) decreased both in cortex ( 43% ) and hippocampus ( 40% ) when compared to control levels . 
In conclusion , chronic treatment with trazodone results in downregulation of 5-HT ( 1A ) receptors in cortex and hippocampus along with concomitant increased AC response , suggesting the involvement of 5-HT ( 1A ) receptor-mediated AC response in the mechanism of action of trazodone . Rufinamide attenuates mechanical allodynia in a model of neuropathic pain in the mouse and stabilizes voltage-gated sodium channel inactivated state . A high-confidence interaction map identifies SIRT1 as a mediator of acetylation of USP22 and the SAGA coactivator complex . Mortality risk in men is associated with a common mutation in the methylene-tetrahydrofolate reductase gene ( MTHFR ) . 24R , 25- ( OH ) ( 2 ) D ( 3 ) mediates its membrane receptor-dependent effects on protein kinase C and alkaline phosphatase via phospholipase A ( 2 ) and cyclooxygenase-1 but not cyclooxygenase-2 in growth plate chondrocytes . A new inhibitor of VEGF receptor tyrosine kinases , vegfrecine ( 1 ) , was isolated from the culture broth of Streptomyces sp . 
MK931-CF8 . 
The molecular structure of 1 was determined by NMR and MS analysis combined with synthesis . 
Compound 1 showed potent inhibitory activity against vascular endothelial growth factor receptor ( VEGFR ) tyrosine kinases in in vitro enzyme assays , but platelet-derived growth factor receptors ( PDGFRs ) , fibroblast growth factor receptor ( FGFR ) , and epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) responded only weakly . 
Compound 1 is a promising new selective VEGFR inhibitor for investigating new treatments of cancer and inflammatory diseases . Discovery of 4-{4- [ ( 3R ) -3-Methylmorpholin-4-yl ] -6- [ 1- ( methylsulfonyl ) cyclopropyl ] pyrimidin-2-yl}-1H-indole ( AZ20 ) : a potent and selective inhibitor of ATR protein kinase with monotherapy in vivo antitumor activity . To investigate the cardioprotective effects of salidroside on myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury ( IRI ) in rabbits and the underlying action mechanisms in PI3K / Akt signaling pathway , a rabbit ischemia / reperfusion model was created by ligating the left anterior descending coronary arterial branch for 30 min and by releasing the ligature to allow reperfusion for 120 min . 
Salidroside or salidroside + PI3K inhibitor ( LY294002 ) was administered via intracoronary injections at the onset of reperfusion . 
Apoptosis of cardiomyocytes was assessed by terminal dUTP nick-end labeling assay , and the expression of apoptosis-related proteins was observed by immunohistochemistry . 
The expressions of total Akt and phosphorylated Akt ( p-Akt ) were detected by western blot analysis . 
The results showed that intracoronary injection of salidroside at the onset of reperfusion markedly reduced the apoptosis of cardiomyocytes , significantly increasing Bcl-2 and p-Akt proteins expressions and decreasing Bax and caspase-3 expressions in the hearts subjected to ischemia followed by 120-min reperfusion . 
However , the anti-apoptotic effect induced by salidroside was inhibited by LY294002 , which blocked the activation of Akt . 
These results suggested that intracoronary administration of salidroside at the onset of reperfusion could significantly reduce the IRI-induced apoptosis of cardiomyocytes , and this protective mechanism seemed to be mediated by the PI3K-Akt signaling pathway . To clarify the role of the natriuretic peptide ( NP ) system in the myocardial protective effects of carvedilol , a beta-blocking agent , we investigated the effects of carvedilol on the NP system in the rat heart . 
After oral administration of carvedilol ( low-dose group : 2 mg / kg / day , group C2; high-dose group : 20 mg / kg / day , group C20 ) for 1 week , plasma rat atrial NP ( r-ANP ) , atrial mRNA levels of ANP , left ventricular mRNA of brain NP ( BNP ) , NP receptor-A and NP receptor-C ( NPR-C ) ( as a clearance receptor ) were measured . 
Values were compared with those in vehicle-treatment rats ( group V ) . 
The concentration of r-ANP was significantly higher in group C2 ( 135 + / - 9 pg / ml ) and group C20 ( 161 + / - 11 pg / ml ) than group V ( 75 + / - 6 pg / ml; both p < 0 . 01 ) . 
ANP and BNP mRNA levels were significantly increased and NPR-C was significantly down regulated in group C2 ( 151 + / - 7 , 120 + / - 8 and 78 + / - 7% , respectively , vs . 
group V ) and group C20 ( 164 + / - 8 . 
133 + / - 7 and 72 + / - 8% , respectively , vs . 
group V ) compared with group V ( all p < 0 . 01 ) . 
These results suggest that not only a high dose , but a low dose of carvedilol has the effect of increasing plasma ANP and BNP levels . 
This effect was closely related to the upregulation of ANP and BNP mRNA expression , and the down regulation of NPR-C mRNA expression in the heart . 
These mechanisms seem to account for a sizable portion of the protective effect of carvedilol for heart diseases . Dietary relevant mixtures of phytoestrogens inhibit adipocyte differentiation in vitro . RATIONALE : Venlafaxine is a non-selective serotonin and noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor antidepressant drug for which clinical studies have suggested a high level efficacy and a possible early action onset compared to the classical antidepressants . 
Its therapeutic effects might be due , at least in part , to adaptive changes in serotonergic neurotransmission , through the activation of the different 5-HT receptor subtypes . 
5-HT1B receptors are located in the axon terminals of both serotonergic and non-serotonergic neurons , where they act as inhibitory autoreceptors or heteroreceptors , respectively . 
However , the information about the involvement of this subtype in the mechanism of action of antidepressants is limited and quite controversial . 
OBJECTIVES : The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of venlafaxine ( 10 mg kg ( -1 ) day ( -1 ) , p . 
o . 
) after 21 days of treatment on the density of 5-HT1B receptors and their functionality in rat brain . 
METHODS : Effects of chronic venlafaxine were evaluated at different levels of 5-HT1B receptor by using receptor autoradiography , [ ( 35 ) S ] GTPγS binding , and the regulation of body temperature induced by selective 5-HT1B agonist . 
RESULTS : Our results show that venlafaxine induced an increase in sensitivity of 5-HT1B receptors in hypothalamus both at G-protein level and the control of core temperature without affecting the receptor density . 
CONCLUSIONS : These results demonstrate that adaptive changes on 5-HT1B receptors induced by chronic administration of venlafaxine exhibit regional differences suggesting that the hypothalamus might be an important site of drug action . OBJECTIVE : To investigate the effects of thrombolysis and anticoagulation on the functions of vascular endothelial cells and coagulation and fibrinolysis in patients with pulmonary thromboembolism . 
METHODS : Twenty-four patients with documented pulmonary thromboembolism and 20 normal subjects were included . 
Of the 24 patients with pulmonary thromboembolism , 7 were treated with recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator intravenously , and 17 with low molecular weight heparin . 
The plasma levels of endothelin 1 ( ET-1 ) , tissue-type plasminogen activator ( t-PA ) , plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 ( PAI-1 ) , antithrombin III ( AT-III ) and D-dimer and the blood serum levels of nitrogen monoxide ( NO ) were measured in the control group and in the patients at different time points before and after therapies . 
RESULTS : In patients receiving thrombolytic therapy , ET-1 [ ( 103 . 7 + / - 26 . 6 ) ng / L ] and D-dimer [ ( 5 . 0 + / - 1 . 7 ) mg / L ] increased significantly at 4 h after the treatment , and were higher than those at other time points ( P < 0 . 05 and P < 0 . 01 , respectively ) . 
The level of ET-1 was correlated positively with PaO ( 2 ) and D-dimer ( r = 0 . 751 , and 0 . 782 respectively , P < 0 . 05 ) . 
In patients receiving anticoagulation therapy , compared with pretreatment data , NO and AT-III increased and ET-1 decreased significantly at 14 d after the start of low molecular weight heparin therapy , ( 48 + / - 14 ) micromol / L vs ( 66 + / - 24 ) micromol / L for NO , ( 90 + / - 7 ) % vs ( 99 + / - 4 ) % for AT-III , ( 72 . 0 + / - 18 . 3 ) ng / L vs ( 52 . 8 + / - 13 . 9 ) ng / L for ET-1 , all P < 0 . 05 . 
CONCLUSIONS : ET-1 and D-dimer changed significantly after thrombolytic therapy , while ET-1 , NO and AT-III showed dramatic change after anticoagulation therapy . 
The change of ET-1 and D-dimer reflects the therapeutic effects . 
Thrombolytic and anticoagulation therapies are beneficial in keeping the balance between coagulation and fibrinolysis and protecting the functions of vascular endothelial cells in patients with pulmonary thromboembolism . Soy protein suppresses gene expression of acetyl-coA carboxylase alpha from promoter PI in rat liver . INTRODUCTION : It is well known that numerous mechanisms of thrombogenesis can participate in every stage of atherosclerotic disease . 
The discovery of Lp ( a ) lipoprotein and its structural similarity with plasminogen suggests another pathogenic link between atherogenesis and thrombogenesis . 
SOME CHARACTERISTICS OF LP ( A ) LIPOPROTEIN : This lipoprotein is present in the whole human population in a wide range of plasma concentrations . 
It has numerous different isoforms . 
Its synthesis occurs in the liver , but it is practically metabolically independent from other lipoproteins . 
Today , Lp ( a ) lipoprotein is considered to be an independent risk factor for heart and brain ischemic disease . 
FIBRINOLYTIC MECHANISMS : The primary role of the fibrinolytic mechanism is to prevent thrombus Jormation during circulation and to remove already formed ones . 
Plasmin has a central role in this process , due to the inactive proenzyme plasminogen . 
Its basic activators are tissue-type plasminogen activator ( t-PA ) and urokinase plasminogen activator ( u-PA ) . 
The most important inhibitors of plasminogen are alpha2-antiplasmin and plasminogen activator inhibitors 1 and 2 ( PA-1 and PAI-2 ) . 
Structural similarity of Lp ( a ) and plasminogen The apo ( a ) and plasminogen genes are very closely linked on the long arm of chromosome 6 . 
Because of that they are structuraly very similar and they have a cross immunological reactivity . 
Their common elements are so-called "kringle" structures . 
The key difference in structure of Lp ( a ) and plasminogen is replacement of Arg with Ser at position 560 . 
This prevents splitting of apo ( a ) by plasminogen activators . 
LP ( A ) AND FIBRINOLYSIS : Lp ( a ) lipoprotein inhibits activation of plasminogen by streptokinase . 
It is also a competitive inhibitor of plasminogen for its binding to plasminogen receptors . 
Furthermore , it successfully achieves competitive inhibition of plasminogen for binding to tetranectin and thrombospondin . 
Also , Lp ( a ) inhibits activation of transforming growth factor alpha ( TGF-alpha ) . 
It positively correlates with PAI-1 and it is assumed that it promotes release of tissue factor pathway inhibitor ( 17FPI ) from endothelial cell surfaces . 
CONCLUSION : In regulation of the hemostatic system via apolipoprotein ( a ) antifibrinolytic effects , Lp ( a ) lipoprotein ojfers a molecular solution to the link between thrombogenesis and atherogenesis . Kinetic mechanism of quinone oxidoreductase 2 and its inhibition by the antimalarial quinolines . In vitro and in vivo anti-inflammatory effects of 4-methoxy-5- hydroxycanthin-6-one , a natural alkaloid from Picrasma quassioides . Evidence has accumulated that some of the angiotensin II AT1 receptor antagonists have insulin-sensitizing property . 
We thus examined the effect of telmisartan on insulin action using 3T3-L1 adipocytes . 
With standard differentiation inducers , a higher dose of telmisartan effectively facilitated differentiation of 3T3-L1 preadipocytes . 
Treatment of both differentiating adipocytes and fully differentiated adipocytes with telmisartan caused a dose-dependent increase in mRNA levels for PPARgamma target genes such as aP2 and adiponectin . 
By contrast , telmisartan attenuated 11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1 mRNA level in differentiated adipocytes . 
Of note , we demonstrated for the first time that telmisartan augmented GLUT4 protein expression and 2-deoxy glucose uptake both in basal and insulin-stimulated state of adipocytes , which may contribute , at least partly , to its insulin-sensitizing ability . The ratio of estrogen receptor beta ( ERbeta ) to ERalpha can alter the estrogen-like properties of tamoxifen . 
Transient transfection of ERbeta cDNA into cells can decrease the estrogen-like properties of the ERalpha : tamoxifen complex , whereas an increase in the amount of ERbeta is associated with tamoxifen-resistant breast cancer . 
We have addressed each of these hypotheses by examining well characterized laboratory models . 
We determined whether changes in endogenous ERbeta are responsible for the estrogen-like or antiestrogenic properties of tamoxifen or raloxifene in MDA-MB-231 cells transfected with cDNAs for ERalpha or mutants D351G , D351Y . 
We found that the amount of ERbeta mRNA in separate , stable transfectants of mutant ERalpha cDNA was always < 2% of ERalpha . 
Since at least a 50 : 50 mixture of ERalpha : ERbeta is needed to silence the tamoxifen : ERalpha complex , we conclude that insufficient ERbeta mRNA is available for selective ER modulation in stable transfectants of D351G and D351Y ERalpha . 
Similarly , to test the hypothesis that ERbeta is up-regulated and plays an important role during the development of tamoxifen-stimulated tumor growth , we quantitatively analyzed ERbeta and ERalpha mRNA in tamoxifen-naive ( MCF-7 : E2 , ECC1 : E2 ) and tamoxifen-stimulated tumors ( MCF-7 : TAM , EnCa 101 : TAM ) . 
We found that ERbeta mRNA levels were not significantly elevated in tamoxifen-stimulated tumors and the ERalpha mRNA remained over 99% out of all ER species for all the tumors tested . 
The same results were also obtained when mRNA levels of ERbeta and ERalpha in a series of tamoxifen-naive and tamoxifen-resistant breast cancer was analyzed . 
We conclude that endogenous ERbeta may not play a dominant role in the modulation of the tamoxifen ERalpha complex , or in the development of tamoxifen-stimulated resistant tumor growth . Optimization of taxane binding to microtubules : binding affinity dissection and incremental construction of a high-affinity analog of paclitaxel . OBJECTIVE : This meta-analysis of two European studies evaluated the efficacy and safety of modified-release tamsulosin 0 . 4 mg once daily compared with placebo in patients with benign prostatic enlargement , lower urinary tract symptoms and prostatic obstruction ( symptomatic BPH ) . 
METHODS : Patients entered a 2-week placebo run-in period , followed by randomization to treatment with tamsulosin ( 382 patients ) or placebo ( 193 patients ) once daily for 12 weeks . 
RESULTS : Maximum urinary flow rate improved to a greater extent in the tamsulosin group ( 1 . 6 ml / s , 16% ) than the placebo group ( 0 . 6 ml / s , 6% ) ( p = 0 . 002 ) . 
Total Boyarsky symptom score also improved to a greater extent in the tamsulosin group ( 3 . 3 points , 35 . 1% reduction ) than the placebo group ( 2 . 4 points , 25 . 5% reduction ) ( p = 0 . 002 ) . 
Significantly more tamsulosin patients ( 66% ) than placebo patients ( 49% ) had a > or = 25% decrease in total symptom score at endpoint ( p < 0 . 001 ) . 
Twelve weeks of treatment with tamsulosin also produced significant improvements in average urinary flow rate ( p = 0 . 005 ) and voiding or "obstructive" ( p = 0 . 008 ) and storage or "irritative' ( p = 0 . 017 ) symptom scores . 
The incidence of drug-related adverse events was comparable for the tamsulosin and placebo groups ( 13 and 12% respectively , p = 0 . 802 ) . 
The same applies to the incidence of adverse events commonly attributed to alpha 1-adrenoceptor antagonists , such as dizziness , headache , postural hypotension , syncope , asthenia , somnolence and rhinitis . 
There were no clinically significant changes in blood pressure or pulse rate in tamsulosin patients compared with placebo patients both in hypertensive and normotensive BPH patients . 
CONCLUSION : Tamsulosin 0 . 4 mg once daily is safe , well-tolerated and improves both the symptoms and urinary flow rate in patients with benign prostatic obstruction ( symptomatic BPH ) . The discovery of soft , transparent microstructures in dinosaur bone consistent in morphology with osteocytes was controversial . 
We hypothesize that , if original , these microstructures will have molecular features in common with extant osteocytes . 
We present immunological and mass spectrometry evidence for preservation of proteins comprising extant osteocytes ( Actin , Tubulin , PHEX , Histone H4 ) in osteocytes recovered from two non-avian dinosaurs . 
Furthermore , antibodies to DNA show localized binding to these microstructures , which also react positively with DNA intercalating stains propidium iodide ( PI ) and 4' , 6'-diamidino-2-phenylindole dihydrochloride ( DAPI ) . 
Each antibody binds dinosaur cells in patterns similar to extant cells . 
These data are the first to support preservation of multiple proteins and to present multiple lines of evidence for material consistent with DNA in dinosaurs , supporting the hypothesis that these structures were part of the once living animals . 
We propose mechanisms for preservation of cells and component molecules , and discuss implications for dinosaurian cellular biology . 4-Hydroxytamoxifen-stimulated processing of cyclin E is mediated via G protein-coupled receptor 30 ( GPR30 ) and accompanied by enhanced migration in MCF-7 breast cancer cells . Sodium fluoride ( NaF ) is widely used for the treatment of dental caries and dentin hypersensitivity . 
However , its pro-apoptotic effect on odontoblasts may lead to harmful side-effects . 
The purpose of this study was to evaluate the pro-apoptotic effects of NaF in odontoblasts and elucidate the possible underlying molecular mechanisms . 
NaF generated cytotoxic effects in odontoblast-lineage cell ( OLC ) in a dose- and time-dependent manner . 
Exposure of cells to 4mM NaF for 24h induced caspase-3 activation , ultrastructural alterations , and resulted in the translocation of Bax to the mitochondria and the release of cytochrome c from the mitochondrial inter-membrane space into the cytosol , indicating that fluoride-mediated apoptosis is mitochondria-dependent . 
Fluoride treatment also increased phosphorylation of JNK and ERK , but not p38 , and apoptosis induced by fluoride was notably or partly suppressed by treatment with JNK or ERK inhibitors , respectively . 
Taken together , these findings suggest that NaF induces apoptosis in OLC odontoblasts through a JNK-dependent mitochondrial pathway . The selectivity of beta-adrenoceptor agonists at human beta1- , beta2- and beta3-adrenoceptors . Developmental exposure to lead ( Pb ) has adverse effects on cognitive functioning and behavior that can persist into adulthood . 
Exposures that occur during fetal or early life periods may produce changes in brain related to physiological re-programming from an epigenetic influence such as altered DNA methylation status . 
Since DNA methylation is regulated by DNA methyltransferases and methyl cytosine-binding proteins , this study assessed the extent to which developmental Pb exposure might affect expression of these proteins in the hippocampus . 
Long Evans dams were fed chow with or without added Pb acetate ( 0 , 150 , 375 , 750 ppm ) prior to breeding and remained on the same diet through weaning ( perinatal exposure group ) . 
Other animals were exposed to the same doses of Pb but exposure started on postnatal day 1 and continued through weaning ( early postnatal exposure group ) . 
All animals were euthanized on day 55 and hippocampi were removed . 
Western blot analyses showed significant effects of Pb exposure on DNMT1 , DNMT3a , and MeCP2 expression , with effects often seen at the lowest level of exposure and modified by sex and developmental window of Pb exposure . 
These data suggest potential epigenetic effects of developmental Pb exposure on DNA methylation mediated at least in part through dysregulation of methyltransferases . Prenatal bisphenol a exposure alters sex-specific estrogen receptor expression in the neonatal rat hypothalamus and amygdala . Studies in mice have shown that interleukin 11 ( IL-11 ) signalling is required for female fertility . 
In the absence of IL-11 , decidualization is markedly retarded and implantation fails . 
IL-11 acts via a heterodimeric receptor composed of a ligand-specific receptor alpha chain ( IL-11R alpha ) and the signalling moiety gp130 . 
This study reports the cloning of genes encoding rat IL-11 and IL-11R alpha . 
RNase protection was used to demonstrate that expression of IL-11 is upregulated in the rat uterus at the initiation of implantation at 5 . 5 days after mating . 
Expression of the genes encoding the two receptor components , IL11Ra and gp130 , did not change throughout the peri-implantation period . 
In situ hybridization studies revealed that , as in mice , expression of IL-11 was high in the primary decidual zone at the time of the attachment reaction , whereas IL11Ra was expressed throughout primary and secondary decidua . 
Conservation of the temporal and spatial expression of IL-11 and IL-11R alpha in the uterus of the mouse and rat during the peri-implantation period will facilitate future studies investigating the role of IL-11 in fertility . The incidence , pathogenesis , staging , and treatment of endometriosis are reviewed , with an emphasis on pharmacologic management of this condition . 
Endometriosis--the presence of ectopic endometrial tissue--can be found in 15-25% of infertile women and may be found in 1-5% of all women between menarche and menopause . 
Although the pathogenesis of endometriosis is uncertain , the most tenable etiologic theory is a combination of celomic metaplasia and retrograde menstruation . 
Staging is based on the American Fertility Society classification scheme , with stage I being the mildest and stage IV the most severe form of the disease . 
The management of endometriosis depends on the extent of the disease , the severity of the symptoms , the age of the patient , and the patient's desire for future fertility . 
Treatment modalities include expectant management , surgery , induction of a pseudopregnancy state with hormonal therapy ( e . 
g . 
, oral contraceptives ) , or induction of a pseudomenopausal state . 
The induction of a pseudomenopausal state with the use of oral danazol gained widespread favor in the 1970s as the treatment of choice in patients with endometriosis , but therapy is often associated with unpleasant adverse effects . 
Gonadotropin-releasing hormone ( GnRH ) agonists may provide a safe and clinically effective alternative to danazol therapy in patients with endometriosis . 
Results of a multicenter study comparing nafarelin with danazol for treatment of endometriosis indicated no significant differences between treatment groups with respect to improvements in disease state and symptomatology . 
The most common adverse effect associated with nafarelin therapy is hot flashes . 
The GnRH agonist nafarelin is as effective as danazol or oral contraceptives for the treatment of endometriosis and causes fewer adverse reactions . 
GnRH agonists may replace danazol as the treatment of choice in patients with endometriosis . Insulin-like growth factor-1 ( IGF-1 ) is a neurotrophic factor and plays an important role in promoting axonal growth from dorsal root ganglion ( DRG ) neurons . 
The neuropeptide- and neurofilament ( NF ) -immunoreactive ( IR ) neurons are two major phenotypical classes in DRG . 
Whether IGF-1 affects neurochemical phenotypes of DRG neurons remains unknown . 
In the present study , primary cultured DRG neurons were used to determine the effects of IGF-1 on neurochemical phenotypes of the neurons with excitotoxicity induced by glutamate ( Glu ) . 
DRG neurons were dissociated and cultured for 48 hours and then exposed to IGF-1 ( 20 nmol / L ) , Glu ( 0 . 2 mmol / L ) , Glu ( 0 . 2 mmol / L ) plus IGF-1 ( 20 nmol / L ) for additional 24 hours . 
The DRG neurons were continuously exposed to culture media as control . 
After that , all above cultured DRG neurons were processed for detecting mRNA levels of calcitonin gene-related peptide ( CGRP ) and neurofilament-200 ( NF-200 ) by real time-PCR analysis . 
CGRP and NF-200 expression in situ was determined by fluorescent labeling technique . 
The results showed that CGRP mRNA , but not NF-200 mRNA , increased after IGF-1 administration in the absence or presence of Glu . 
IGF-1 could increase the percentage of CGRP-expressing neurons , but not NF-200-expressing neurons , in the absence or presence of Glu . 
The ability of IGF-1 on CGRP expression may play a role in neurogenic inflammation or nociception . Heterologous expression of ligand-gated ion channels ( LGICs ) in Xenopus laevis oocytes combined with site-directed mutagenesis has been demonstrated to be a powerful approach to study structure-function relationships . 
In particular , introducing unnatural amino acids ( UAAs ) has enabled modifications that are not found in natural proteins . 
However , the current strategy relies on the technically demanding in vitro synthesis of aminoacylated suppressor tRNA . 
We report here a general method that circumvents this limitation by utilizing orthogonal aminoacyl-tRNA synthetase ( aaRS ) / suppressor tRNA ( CUA ) pairs to genetically encode UAAs in Xenopus oocytes . 
We show that UAAs inserted in the N-terminal domain of N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors ( NMDARs ) serve as photo-crosslinkers that lock the receptor in a discrete conformational state in response to UV photo treatment . 
Our method should be generally applicable to studies of other LGICs in Xenopus oocytes . A cDNA encoding the new member of the multispecific organic anion transporter family , OAT3 , was isolated by the reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction cloning method . 
Degenerate primers were designed based on the sequences conserved among OAT1 , OAT2 , and organic cation transporter 1 ( OCT1 ) , and reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction was performed using rat brain poly ( A ) + RNA . 
The 536-amino acid protein sequence encoded by OAT3 showed 49 , 39 , and 36% identity to those of OAT1 , OAT2 , and OCT1 , respectively . 
Northern blot analysis revealed that rat OAT3 mRNA is expressed in the liver , brain , kidney , and eye . 
When expressed in Xenopus laevis oocytes , OAT3 mediated the uptake of organic anions , such as p-aminohippurate ( Km = 65 microM ) , ochratoxin A ( Km = 0 . 74 microM ) , and estrone sulfate ( Km = 2 . 3 microM ) and a cationic compound , cimetidine . 
OAT3-mediated uptake of [ 3H ] estrone sulfate was sodium-independent . 
para-Aminohippuric acid , estrone sulfate or ochratoxin A did not show any trans-stimulatory effect on either influx or efflux of [ 3H ] estrone sulfate via OAT3 . 
Organic anions such as sulfobromophthalein , probenecid , indocyanine green , bumetanide , piroxicam , furosemide , azidodeoxythymidine , 4 , 4'-diisothiocyanostilbene-3 , 3'-disulfonic acid , and benzylpenicillin inhibited OAT3-mediated estrone sulfate uptake , while ouabain and digoxin did not . 
Organic cations such as tetraethylammonium , guanidine , verapamil , and quinidine did not interact with OAT3 . 
Acidic metabolites of neurotransmitters derived from dopamine , epinephrine , norepinephrine , and serotonin inhibited the uptake of estrone sulfate via OAT3 . 
These results suggest an important role of OAT3 in the excretion / detoxification of endogenous and exogenous organic anions , especially from the brain . The risk of mortality and long-term morbidity , including loss of sexual function , associated with surgical procedures for symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia ( BPH ) has prompted research into alternative medical therapies . 
Phytotherapy involves the use of herbal formulations , where the mechanisms of action are usually obscure and although studies have confirmed their effectiveness in symptom relief and improving quality of life ( QOL ) , few placebo-controlled trials exist . 
Both the 5 alpha-reductase inhibitor finasteride and alpha 1-adrenoceptor antagonists ( e . 
g . 
alfuzosin , doxazosin , prazosin , tamsulosin and terazosin ) have been recommended as appropriate treatment options for patients with lower urinary tract symptoms ( LUTS ) associated with benign prostatic obstruction ( BPO ) , and their efficacy has been proven in several placebo-controlled trials . 
Finasteride reduces the static component of BPO--by reducing the size of the prostate--and , as a result , symptom relief is slow ( 6-12 months ) and is predominantly restricted to patients with large prostates ( > 40 g ) . 
The alpha 1-adrenoceptor antagonists , on the other hand , reduce the dynamic component of obstruction--relaxation of smooth muscle in the prostate , urethra and bladder neck--and provide rapid symptom relief after only a few doses , relieving LUTS more effectively than finasteride and irrespective of prostate size . 
All of the various alpha 1-adrenoceptor antagonists provide effective and comparable relief of LUTS , and an improvement in bothersomeness and symptom-related QOL . 
However , it is also important that the therapy is fast acting and acceptable to the patient , in that it does not interfere with other medication or produce unpleasant side effects . 
These documented properties of the alpha 1A-adrenoceptor antagonists make them an ideal choice for the medical treatment of symptomatic BPH . To evaluate the previously reported depletion of pancreatic somatostatin by cysteamine ( beta-mercaptoethylamine ) , mice were injected subcutaneously with the drug at 300 mg / kg . 
Immunocytochemical analysis performed on sections from tissue taken at 4 h after the injection revealed an elimination of somatostatin-14-like immunoreactivity without alterations in the somatostatin-28 ( 1-12 ) -like immunoreactivity . 
In sections from tissues taken at 24 h after injection , no differences between cysteamine-injected animals and controls were observed . 
Immunochemical analysis of somatostatin-14-like immunoreactivity in pancreatic extracts showed a significant reduction of the concentration ( P less than 0 . 001 ) . 
In contrast , no change in the insulin concentration was observed . 
Functionally , cysteamine lowered the plasma glucose levels at 1 h after injection; this effect persisted for 6 h . 
Plasma insulin levels were likewise reduced transiently by cysteamine . 
Concomitant administration of somatostatin did not influence these effects of cysteamine . 
The plasma glucose-lowering effect of cysteamine was seen also in alloxan-diabetic mice . 
We conclude that cysteamine alters the immunoreactive characteristics of pancreatic somatostatin without affecting the immunoreactivity of insulin , and that cysteamine transiently reduces plasma glucose and insulin levels . Organophosphate ( OP ) pesticides are neurotoxic compounds that are widely used in agriculture . 
Classical methods for monitoring OP exposure comprise the measurement of intact OP , its metabolites or cholinesterase activity . 
Newly developed methods focus on the analysis of the OP adduct bound to proteins such as butyrylcholinesterase ( BuChE ) and albumin . 
These adducts can be analyzed by means of fluoride reactivation or by analysis with LC-MS / MS of the pepsin or pronase digest of butyrylcholinesterase and albumin , respectively . 
The utility of these methods is illustrated through the analysis of plasma samples obtained from patients taken 1-49days after ingestion of the organophosphate pesticides chlorpyrifos and / or diazinon . 
Thus , in this particular case several independent methodologies were applied to the biomedical samples , all pointing to the same exposure . Characterization of phentermine and related compounds as monoamine oxidase ( MAO ) inhibitors . Inhibition of CIP2A determines erlotinib-induced apoptosis in hepatocellular carcinoma . OAT1 and OAT3 : targets of drug-drug interaction between entecavir and JBP485 . The hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal-axis is strongly controlled by the endocannabinoid system . 
The specific impact of enhanced 2-arachidonoylglycerol signaling on corticosterone plasma levels , however , was not investigated so far . 
Here we studied the effects of the recently developed monoacylglycerol lipase inhibitor JZL184 on basal and stress-induced corticosterone levels in male CD1 mice , and found that this compound dramatically increased basal levels without affecting stress responses . 
Since acute changes in corticosterone levels can affect behavior , JZL184 was administered concurrently with the corticosterone synthesis inhibitor metyrapone , to investigate whether the previously shown behavioral effects of JZL184 are dependent on corticosterone . 
We found that in the elevated plus-maze , the effects of JZL184 on "classical" anxiety-related measures were abolished by corticosterone synthesis blockade . 
By contrast , effects on the "ethological" measures of anxiety ( i . 
e . 
risk assessment ) were not affected by metyrapone . 
In the open-field , the locomotion-enhancing effects of the compound were not changed either . 
These findings show that monoacylglycerol lipase inhibition dramatically increases basal levels of corticosterone . 
This endocrine effect partly affects the anxiolytic , but not the locomotion-enhancing effects of monoacylglycerol lipase blockade . The apparent Km values of argininosuccinate synthase toward citrulline and aspartate were significantly increased in cultured skin fibroblasts from one patient with neonatal citrullinemia , whereas , those determined in cells from three other patients were within the normal range . 
The abnormal apparent Km of the mutant enzyme toward aspartate was determined by a ureagenesis assay system ( 0 . 14 mmol / l as compared with 0 . 010-0 . 018 mmol / l for the normal enzyme ) , and the abnormal values toward citrulline were measured by both arginine synthesis ( 6 . 1 mmol / l as compared with 0 . 21-0 . 26 mmol / l for the normal enzyme ) and ureagenesis ( 0 . 63 as compared with 0 . 043-0 . 067 ) assay systems . The systemic effects of the Fusarium toxin deoxynivalenol ( DON ) and of bacterial lipopolysaccharides ( LPS ) were studied in male castrated pigs ( 40 . 4±3 . 7kg ) infused intravenously with either DON or LPS alone ( 100μgDON / kg / h , 7 . 5μg / LPS / kg / h ) , or together ( 100μgDON plus 7 . 5μg / LPS / kg / h ) . 
The Control group received a saline infusion ( n = 6 / treatment , 24h observation period ) . 
An additional DON infusion did not exacerbate the clinical signs observed in LPS-infused pigs . 
For example , rectal temperature climaxed after 4h ( 40 . 4±0 . 2°C ) and 5h ( 40 . 1±0 . 3°C ) , in the LPS and LPS + DON groups , respectively . 
Saline and DON alone did not induce an acute phase reaction as indicated by unaltered plasma levels of tumor necrosis factor-alpha ( TNF-alpha ) and interleukin-6 ( IL-6 ) while LPS caused a significant rise of both cytokines . 
TNF-alpha plasma peak concentrations were significantly higher in the LPS compared to the DON + LPS group ( 94 . 3±17 . 2ng / mL vs . 
79 . 2±15 . 7ng / mL ) while IL-6 climaxed earlier in the latter group ( 3h p . 
i . 
vs . 
2h p . 
i . 
) . 
From the tested clinical-chemical plasma characteristics the total bilirubin concentration and the ASAT activity were strongly elevated by the LPS infusion and additionally increased and decreased by DON , respectively . 
In conclusion , the LPS-induced effects were only marginally modified by DON . Pharmacodynamic profile of the direct thrombin antagonist bivalirudin given in combination with the glycoprotein IIb / IIIa antagonist eptifibatide . Antiarrhythmic effects of ( - ) -epicatechin-3-gallate , a novel sodium channel agonist in cultured neonatal rat ventricular myocytes . This study compares the effects of threshold concentrations of endothelin-1 in isolated rat basilar arteries with those in mesenteric arterial branches and investigates the mechanisms of inhibitory and potentiating endothelin-1-effects . 
In basilar arteries , endothelin-1 reduces the contractions induced by 5-hydroxytryptamine ( 5-HT ) , by the thromboxane A2 agonist U46619 , and by vasopressin . 
The inhibitory effect of endothelin-1 on the contraction induced by 5-HT is abolished by deendothelialization , by the endothelin ET ( B ) receptor antagonist RES 701-1 , by indomethacin , or by glibenclamide . 
In mesenteric arteries , endothelin-1 potentiates the contractile effects of 5-HT , U46619 , and vasopressin . 
The potentiation of the contractile effect induced by 5-HT is only somewhat modified by deendothelialization , but abolished by the thromboxane A2 receptor antagonists GR32191 and ridogrel . 
U46619 potentiates the 5-HT-effect in mesenteric arteries . 
Thus , though the contractile endothelin ET ( A ) receptors were not blocked , threshold concentrations of endothelin-1 inhibited contractile effects in the rat basilar artery via activation of endothelial ET ( B ) receptors . 
Prostaglandins and ATP-sensitive K + channels are involved in this inhibitory action . 
In contrast , endothelin-1 potentiates contractile actions in mesenteric arteries via the release of endogeneous thromboxane A2 from non-endothelial cells . 
The study points out the completely different role of the endothelium in combined effects of endothelin-1 between cerebral and mesenteric arteries . Ornidazole [ R , S-1-chloro-3- ( 2-methyl-5-nitro-1H-imidazol-1-yl ) propan-2-ol ] is a chiral 5-nitroimidazole class antimicrobial agent . 
This study aimed to investigate the principal metabolic pathway of ornidazole in humans and identify the major enzymes involved . 
A total of 19 metabolites were identified in human urine collected from patients with hepatobiliary diseases after an intravenous drip infusion of 500 mg of racemic ornidazole . 
Stereoselective glucuronidation , followed by renal excretion , was the principal metabolic pathway of ornidazole in humans , accounting for 37 . 3% of the administered dose . 
Screening assays with 12 available human recombinant UDP-glucuronosyltransferases ( UGTs ) demonstrated that UGT1A9 was the predominant UGT isoform involved in R-ornidazole glucuronidation , whereas S-ornidazole glucuronidation was almost exclusively catalyzed by UGT2B7 . 
Chemical inhibition study with niflumic acid and flurbiprofen supported these findings . 
Enzyme kinetic parameters were then determined in human liver microsomes ( HLMs ) , human kidney microsomes ( HKMs ) , UGT1A9 and 2B7 . 
The Km values for UGT1A9 ( 15 . 6 ± 1 . 6 mM for R-ornidazole ) and 2B7 ( 3 . 8 ± 0 . 9 mM for S-ornidazole ) were quite similar to those determined in HLMs and HKMs ( 20 . 1 ± 1 . 4 and 17 . 7 ± 4 . 0 mM for R-ornidazole; 6 . 6 ± 1 . 3 and 3 . 2 ± 0 . 4 mM for S-ornidazole ) . 
The in vitro intrinsic clearance ( CLint ) ratios of S- and R-ornidazole were approximately 4 . 3 in HLMs and 6 . 5 in HKMs , respectively . 
The hepatic and renal clearances were estimated based on the well-stirred model . 
Overall , stereoselective glucuronidation was the principal metabolic pathway of ornidazole in humans . 
Furthermore , UGT1A9 and 2B7 were the predominant UGT isoforms responsible for R- and S-ornidazole glucuronidation in humans , respectively . Amino acid alterations in or flanking conserved motifs making up the active binding sites of penicillin-binding proteins ( PBPs ) 1a , 2b , and 2x of pneumococci were correlated with changes in affinities of penicillin , ampicillin , amoxicillin , cefditoren , cefuroxime , cefprozil , and cefaclor for these PBPs . 
Four penicillin-susceptible ( PSSP ) , eight penicillin-intermediate ( PISP ) , and six penicillin-resistant ( PRSP ) pneumococci were studied by DNA sequencing of the penicillin-binding sites of the pbp1a , -2x , and -2b genes of strains and by determining 50% inhibitory concentrations of the seven agents for PBP1a , -2x , and -2b . 
Two PSSP strains had alterations in PBP2x ( L ( 546 ) -->V ) ( one strain ) or PBP2b ( T ( 445 ) -->A ) ( one strain ) . 
All eight PISP strains had at least two alterations--T ( 338 ) -->P or A or H ( 394 ) -->Y in PBP2X and T ( 445 ) -->A in BPB2b . 
All PRSP strains had the same changes seen in PISP strains , as well as T ( 371 ) -->A or S substitutions in PBP1a . 
The two most resistant PRSP strains had a second change in PBP2x ( M ( 339 ) -->F ) in a conserved motif . 
The affinities of penicillin and ampicillin for all three PBPs were decreased for PRSP and most PISP strains . 
The affinity of amoxicillin for PBP1a and -2x was decreased only for PRSP . 
Cefaclor and cefprozil showed decreased affinity of PRSP but not PISP for all three PBPs . 
Cefuroxime showed decreased affinity of PISP and PRSP for PBP1a and -2x but no change for PBP2b . 
Cefditoren showed no difference in PBP affinity based on penicillin or cefditoren MICs , indicating a different PBP target for this agent . 
Overall , the MICs for and PBP affinities of the strains correlated with the changes found in the PBP active binding sites . The severe side effects of glucocorticoids prevent long term management of hearing loss . 
Alternative steroid treatments that minimize or eliminate these effects would significantly benefit therapeutic control of hearing disorders . 
A steroid treatment study of autoimmune mouse hearing loss was conducted to determine the efficacy of combining aldosterone and prednisolone at low doses . 
An assessment also was made of low dose fludrocortisone , a synthetic mineralocorticoid that also has a slight glucocorticoid effect . 
MRL / MpJ-Fas ( lpr ) mice were tested for baseline ABR thresholds at 3 months of age and then treated with aldosterone ( 3 . 0 mug / kg ) or prednisolone ( 1 . 0 mg / kg ) to determine the lowest effective dose of each . 
Other mice were given the two steroids in combination at doses of Pred 0 . 5 mg + Aldo 1 . 5 mug; Pred 1 . 0 mg + Aldo 3 . 0 mug; or Pred 1 . 5 mg + Aldo 5 . 0 mug . 
Mice were retested with ABR at 1 and 2 months to determine the efficacy of the different steroid treatments in controlling hearing loss . 
Another series of mice were given the synthetic mineralocorticoid fludrocortisone at low ( 2 . 8 mug / kg ) or high ( 10 mug / kg ) doses and retested at monthly intervals for 3 months . 
Autoimmune mouse hearing loss developed in untreated controls . 
This threshold elevation was not prevented by prednisolone at 1 mg / kg or by aldosterone at 3 mug / kg when each was given alone . 
However , the two steroids combined at these doses effectively controlled hearing loss . 
The fludrocortisone treatments also were effective at low doses in preventing or reversing the autoimmune mouse hearing loss . 
This efficacy of combined steroids at low doses suggests the potential for reducing the side effects of glucocorticoids in the therapeutic control of hearing disorders . Quantitative analysis of the interaction of constitutive androstane receptor with chemicals and steroid receptor coactivator 1 using surface plasmon resonance biosensor systems : a case study of the Baikal seal ( Pusa sibirica ) and the mouse . Recent developments in receptor-selective retinoids . Over 2 years , 32 beef cows nursing calves in southwest Arkansas were randomly selected from a herd of 120 that were managed in six groups and were assigned to six 5 . 1-ha bermudagrass ( Cynodon dactylon [ L . 
] Pers . 
) pastures . 
Treatments were assigned to pastures ( two pastures / treatment ) and cows had ad libitum access to one of three free-choice minerals : ( 1 ) no supplemental selenium ( Se ) , ( 2 ) 26 mg of supplemental Se from sodium selenite per kilogram , and ( 3 ) 26 mg of supplemental Se from seleno-yeast per kilogram ( designed mineral intake = 113 g / cow daily ) . 
Data were analyzed using a mixed model; year and pasture were the random effects and treatment was the fixed effect . 
At the beginning of the calving and breeding seasons , cows supplemented with Se had greater ( P < 0 . 01 ) whole blood Se concentration ( WBSe ) and glutathione peroxidase activities ( GSH-Px ) than cows receiving no supplemental Se; cows fed seleno-yeast had greater ( P ≤ 0 . 05 ) WBSe than cows fed sodium selenite , but GSH-Px did not differ ( P ≥ 0 . 25 ) between the two sources . 
At birth and near peak lactation ( late May ) , calves from cows supplemented with Se had greater ( P < 0 . 01 ) WBSe than calves from cows fed no Se and calves from cows fed seleno-yeast had greater ( P ≤ 0 . 01 ) WBSe and GSH-Px than calves from cows fed sodium selenite . 
Thyroxine ( T4 ) , triiodothyronine ( T3 ) , and the T4 : T3 ratio in calves did not differ among treatments ( P ≥ 0 . 35 ) . 
At birth , insulin-like growth factor 1 ( IGF-1 ) was greater ( P = 0 . 02 ) in calves nursing cows with no supplemental Se than in ones with supplemental Se; in calves nursing cows with supplemental sodium selenite , IGF-1 did not differ ( P = 0 . 96 ) from ones offered supplemental seleno-yeast . 
Selenium supplementation of gestating beef cows benefited cows and calves by increasing WBSe and GSH-Px . 
The use of seleno-yeast as a Se supplement compared to sodium selenite increased the WBSe of both cows and their calves without affecting the T4 to T3 conversion or IGF-1 concentrations . Rapid and specific purification of Argonaute-small RNA complexes from crude cell lysates . Fas receptor-deficient lpr mice are protected against acetaminophen hepatotoxicity due to higher glutathione synthesis and enhanced detoxification of oxidant stress . Retinol dehydrogenase ( RDH12 ) protects photoreceptors from light-induced degeneration in mice . Cisplatin ( CP; cis-diamminedichloroplatinum II ) is a drug widely used against different types of solid tumors . 
Patients receiving CP , however , experience very profound and long lasting gastrointestinal symptoms . 
Recently , ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid-enriched flaxseed / flaxseed oil ( FXO ) has shown numerous health benefits . 
The present study was undertaken to investigate whether FXO can prevent CP-induced adverse biochemical changes in the small intestine of rats . 
A single intraperitoneal dose of CP ( 6 mg / kg body weight ) was administered to male Wistar rats fed with control diet ( CP group ) and FXO diet ( CPFXO group ) . 
Administration of CP led to a significant decline in the specific activities of brush border membrane enzymes both in the mucosal homogenates and in the isolated membrane vesicles . 
Lipid peroxidation and total sulfhydryl groups were altered upon CP treatment , indicating the generation of oxidative stress . 
The activities of SOD , catalase and glutathione peroxidase also decreased in CP-treated rats . 
In contrast , dietary supplementation of FXO prior to and following CP treatment significantly attenuated the CP-induced changes in all these parameters . 
FXO feeding markedly enhanced resistance to CP-elicited adverse gastrointestinal effects . 
The results suggest that FXO owing to its intrinsic biochemical / antioxidant properties is an effective agent in reducing the adverse effects of CP on intestine . The selective norepinephrine ( NE ) transporter inhibitor atomoxetine ( formerly called tomoxetine or LY139603 ) has been shown to alleviate symptoms in Attention Deficit / Hyperactivity Disorder ( ADHD ) . 
We investigated the mechanism of action of atomoxetine in ADHD by evaluating the interaction of atomoxetine with monoamine transporters , the effects on extracellular levels of monoamines , and the expression of the neuronal activity marker Fos in brain regions . 
Atomoxetine inhibited binding of radioligands to clonal cell lines transfected with human NE , serotonin ( 5-HT ) and dopamine ( DA ) transporters with dissociation constants ( K ( i ) ) values of 5 , 77 and 1451 nM , respectively , demonstrating selectivity for NE transporters . 
In microdialysis studies , atomoxetine increased extracellular ( EX ) levels of NE in prefrontal cortex ( PFC ) 3-fold , but did not alter 5-HT ( EX ) levels . 
Atomoxetine also increased DA ( EX ) concentrations in PFC 3-fold , but did not alter DA ( EX ) in striatum or nucleus accumbens . 
In contrast , the psychostimulant methylphenidate , which is used in ADHD therapy , increased NE ( EX ) and DA ( EX ) equally in PFC , but also increased DA ( EX ) in the striatum and nucleus accumbens to the same level . 
The expression of the neuronal activity marker Fos was increased 3 . 7-fold in PFC by atomoxetine administration , but was not increased in the striatum or nucleus accumbens , consistent with the regional distribution of increased DA ( EX ) . 
We hypothesize that the atomoxetine-induced increase of catecholamines in PFC , a region involved in attention and memory , mediates the therapeutic effects of atomoxetine in ADHD . 
In contrast to methylphenidate , atomoxetine did not increase DA in striatum or nucleus accumbens , suggesting it would not have motoric or drug abuse liabilities . Involvement of bcl-2 and p21waf1 proteins in response of human breast cancer cell clones to Tomudex . We report the isolation , functional characterization , and localization of a Na ( + ) / Cl ( - ) -dependent catecholamine transporter ( meNET ) present in the brain of the teleost fish medaka . 
This carrier is very similar to the human neuronal norepinephrine transporter ( NET ) and the human neuronal dopamine transporter ( DAT ) , showing 70 and 64% amino acid identity , respectively . 
When expressed in COS-7 cells , this transporter mediates the high-affinity uptake of dopamine ( K ( M ) = 290 nM ) and norepinephrine ( K ( M ) = 640 nM ) . 
Its pharmacological profile reveals more similarities with NET , including a high affinity for the tricyclic antidepressants desipramine ( IC ( 50 ) = 0 . 92 nM ) and nortriptyline ( IC ( 50 ) = 16 nM ) . 
In situ hybridization on the medaka brain shows that meNET mRNA is present only in a subset of tyrosine hydroxylase-positive neurons found in the noradrenergic areas of the hindbrain , such as the locus ceruleus and area postrema . 
None of the dopaminergic areas anterior to the isthmus contains any labeled neurons . 
Neither reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction with degenerate primers specific for gamma-aminobutyric acid transporter / NET nor autoradiographic experiments with [ ( 125 ) I ] 3b- ( 4-iodophenyl ) -tropane-2b-carboxylic acid methyl ester revealed an additional catecholamine transporter in the medaka brain . 
Uptake experiments with medaka brain synaptosomes show an endogenous transport with a pharmacological profile identical to that of the recombinant meNET . 
Thus , meNET is probably the predominant--if not the only--catecholamine transporter in the medaka fish brain . 
In view of the highly conserved primary structures and pharmacological properties of meNET , it is tempting to speculate that a specific dopamine transport developed later in vertebrate evolution and probably accompanied the tremendous enlargement of the meso-telencephalic dopaminergic pathways in amniotes . Inhibition of phosphatidylserine biosynthesis in developing rat brain by maternal exposure to ethanol . Our previous studies revealed that gambogic acid ( GA ) , the major active ingredient of gamboge , possessed antiangiogenic activities . 
In this study , we further explored the mechanism of inhibition effects of GA in tumor angiogenesis . 
The results of luciferase , RT-PCR , and ELISA assays indicated that GA significantly decreased transcription activation , mRNA expression , and secretion of VEGF in hypoxia . 
We detected that GA had no effect on mRNA level of HIF-1α which targets VEGF gene , but the increase of HIF-1α protein expression in hypoxia was repressed by GA , which can be reversed by proteasomal inhibitor MG132 and siRNA of VHL . 
But GA exhibited no effect on expression of VHL both in normoxia and hypoxia . 
HIF prolyl hydroxylases ( PHD enzymes ) act as oxygen sensors regulating HIF , and hence angiogenesis . 
Our results showed that GA potentially enhanced level of PHD2 , the most important HIF hydroxylase , and showed no effect on PHD1 and PHD3 . 
Transient transfection of siRNA of PHD2 could eliminate GA-induced VEGF secretion increase . 
Growth of HepG2 xenografts in BALB / cA nude mice was inhibited by GA and angiogenesis was repressed significantly in tumor xenografts by immunohistochemical staining of CD-31 , a vascular endothelial marker , accompanied with decrease of HIF-1α and increase of PHD2 expression in tissue extracts . 
This work provides the demonstration that GA shows anti-angiogenic effects via inhibiting PHD2-VHL-HIF-1α pathway . In this study we explore the mechanisms by which a double mutation ( E59D / D75Y ) in cardiac troponin C ( CTnC ) associated with dilated cardiomyopathy reduces the Ca ( 2 + ) -activated maximal tension of cardiac muscle . 
Studying the single mutants ( i . 
e . 
E59D or D75Y ) indicates that D75Y , but not E59D , causes a reduction in the calcium affinity of CTnC in troponin complex , regulated thin filaments ( RTF ) , and the Ca ( 2 + ) sensitivity of contraction and ATPase in cardiac muscle preparations . 
However , both D75Y and E59D are required to reduce the actomyosin ATPase activity and maximal force in muscle fibers , indicating that E59D enhances the effects of D75Y . 
Part of the reduction in force / ATPase may be due to a defect in the interactions between CTnC and cardiac troponin T , which are known to be necessary for ATPase activation . 
An additional mechanism for the reduction in force / ATPase comes from measurements of the binding stoichiometry of myosin subfragment-1 ( S-1 ) to the RTF . 
Using wild type RTFs , 4 . 8 mol S-1 was bound per mol filament ( seven actins ) , whereas with E59D / D75Y RTFs , the number of binding sites was reduced by approximately 23% to 3 . 7 . 
Altogether , these results suggest that the reduction in force and ATPase activation is possibly due to a thin filament conformation that promotes fewer accessible S-1-binding sites . 
In the absence of any family segregation data , the functional results presented here support the concept that this is likely a dilated cardiomyopathy-causing mutation . Gitelman's variant of Bartter's syndrome , inherited hypokalemic alkalosis , is caused by mutation in the thiazide-sensitive NaCl co-transporter ( NCCT ) . 
The main clinical symptoms are : muscular weakness , carpopedal spasm , constipation and short stature . 
The diagnosis was suspected in five children according to clinical criteria . 
All patients exhibited carpopedal spasm during febrile illness , three patients had short stature . 
Biochemical features were : metabolic alkalosis , hypokalemia , hypomagnesemia , low IGF-I levels , hyperkaliuria , hypernatriuria , hypocalciuria and normoprostaglandinuria . 
Three patients had elevated plasma renin activity and hyperaldosteronism . 
Mutational analysis of the NCCT gene confirmed the diagnosis in all five patients . 
Different forms of therapy , potassium and magnesium substitution , spironolactone and indomethacin failed to fully correct hypokalemia and hypomagnesemia , but markedly improved growth velocity and normalized IGF-I levels in the three patients with short stature . 
During therapy , clinical symptoms disappeared . 
We conclude that Gitelman's syndrome is a disorder with a variable symptom profile , but can be suspected on clinical signs already in early childhood . 
The early diagnosis is essential in preventing complications . The tyrosine kinase inhibitor ZD1839 ( "Iressa" ) inhibits HER2-driven signaling and suppresses the growth of HER2-overexpressing tumor cells . A series of mercaptoethylleonurine and mercaptoethylguanidine derivatives were designed and synthesized . 
Their neuroprotective effects toward H2O2-induced apoptosis were investigated in human SH-SY5Y cells . 
The results from these studies identified several potent compounds , with compound 8k emerging as the most effective . 
Further investigation demonstrated that 8k reduced H2O2-induced activation of mitochondrial apoptosis by inhibiting the expression of Bax and elevating the expression of Bcl-2 . 
Moreover , the molecular mechanism underlying the observed neuroprotective effects of 8k was exerted via the Akt and JNK pathways . 
Compound 8k can be a lead compound for further discovery of neuroprotective medicine . Effects of clozapine on the efflux of serotonin and dopamine in the rat brain : the role of 5-HT1A receptors . Milbemycins A3 and A4 are pharmaceutically and agriculturally useful macrolides isolated from Streptomyces species . 
The molecular structures of the title compounds were unambiguously established by a single crystal X-ray analysis of the solid solution of both compounds . 
The crystals present trigonal system , space group P32 with Z = 3 , unit cell dimensions : a = 12 . 2211 ( 4 ) , c = 17 . 5372 ( 7 ) Å; V = 2268 . 4 ( 1 ) Å ( 3 ) , μ = 0 . 082 mm ( - 1 ) ; d = 1 . 183 g cm ( - 3 ) . 
An interesting system of intramolecular hydrogen bonds and weak intermolecular CH…O type hydrogen bond was observed in the solid state . Agmatine : an endogenous clonidine-displacing substance in the brain . Amphetamine-induced loss of human dopamine transporter activity : an internalization-dependent and cocaine-sensitive mechanism . Structural basis for the deactivation of the estrogen-related receptor gamma by diethylstilbestrol or 4-hydroxytamoxifen and determinants of selectivity . Indomethacin activates carbonic anhydrase and antagonizes the effect of the specific carbonic anhydrase inhibitor acetazolamide , by a direct mechanism of action . Frovatriptan succinate , a 5-HT1B / 1D receptor agonist for migraine . Glutathione ( GSH ) is the major intracellular thiol present in 1-10-mm concentrations in human cells . 
However , the redox potential of the 2GSH / GSSG ( glutathione disulfide ) couple in cells varies in association with proliferation , differentiation , or apoptosis from -260 mV to -200 or -170 mV . 
Hydrogen peroxide is transiently produced as second messenger in receptor-mediated growth factor signaling . 
To understand oxidation mechanisms by GSSG or nitric oxide-related nitrosylation we studied effects on glutaredoxins ( Grx ) , which catalyze GSH-dependent thiol-disulfide redox reactions , particularly reversible glutathionylation of protein sulfhydryl groups . 
Human Grx1 and Grx2 contain Cys-Pro-Tyr-Cys and Cys-Ser-Tyr-Cys active sites and have three and two additional structural Cys residues , respectively . 
We analyzed the redox state and disulfide pairing of Cys residues upon GSSG oxidation and S-nitrosylation . 
Cytosolic / nuclear Grx1 was partly inactivated by both S-nitrosylation and oxidation . 
Inhibition by nitrosylation was reversible under anaerobic conditions; aerobically it was stronger and irreversible , indicating inactivation by nitration . 
Oxidation of Grx1 induced a complex pattern of disulfide-bonded dimers and oligomers formed between Cys-8 and either Cys-79 or Cys-83 . 
In addition , an intramolecular disulfide between Cys-79 and Cys-83 was identified , predicted to have a profound effect on the three-dimensional structure . 
In contrast , mitochondrial Grx2 retains activity upon oxidation , did not form disulfide-bonded dimers or oligomers , and could not be S-nitrosylated . 
The dimeric iron sulfur cluster-coordinating inactive form of Grx2 dissociated upon nitrosylation , leading to activation of the protein . 
The striking differences between Grx1 and Grx2 reflect their diverse regulatory functions in vivo and also adaptation to different subcellular localization . Oral administration of tetrahydrobiopterin prevents endothelial dysfunction and vascular oxidative stress in the aortas of insulin-resistant rats . Overlapping synthetic long peptides ( SLPs ) hold great promise for immunotherapy of cancer . 
Poly ( lactic-co-glycolic acid ) ( PLGA ) nanoparticles ( NPs ) are being developed as delivery systems to improve the potency of peptide-based therapeutic cancer vaccines . 
Our aim was to optimize PLGA NP for SLP delivery with respect to encapsulation and release , using OVA24 , a 24-residue long synthetic antigenic peptide covering a CTL epitope of ovalbumin ( SIINFEKL ) , as a model antigen . 
Peptide-loaded PLGA NPs were prepared by a double emulsion / solvent evaporation technique . 
Using standard conditions ( acidic inner aqueous phase ) , we observed that either encapsulation was very low ( 1-30% ) , or burst release extremely high ( >70% ) upon resuspension of NP in physiological buffers . 
By adjusting formulation and process parameters , we uncovered that the pH of the first emulsion was critical to efficient encapsulation and controlled release . 
In particular , an alkaline inner aqueous phase resulted in circa 330 nm sized NP with approximately 40% encapsulation efficiency and low ( <10% ) burst release . 
These NP showed enhanced MHC class I restricted T cell activation in vitro when compared to high-burst releasing NP and soluble OVA24 , proving that efficient entrapment of the antigen is crucial to induce a potent cellular immune response . Multiple components of cardiac Na current play a role in determining electrical excitation in the heart . 
Recently , the role of nonequilibrium components in controlling cardiac action potential plateau duration , and their importance in regulating the occurrence of afterdepolarizations and arrhythmias have garnered more attention . 
In particular , late Na current ( late I ( Na ) ) has been shown to be important in LQT2 and LQT3 arrhythmias . 
Class III agents like dofetilide , clofilium , and sotalol , which can all cause a drug-induced form of LQT2 , significantly lengthen action potential duration at 50% and 90% repolarization in isolated rabbit Purkinje fibers , and can initiate the formation of early afterdepolarizations , and extra beats . 
These actions can lead to the development of a serious ventricular tachycardia , torsades de pointes , in animal models and patients . 
However , pretreatment with agents that block late I ( Na ) , like lidocaine , mexiletine , and RSD1235 , a novel mixed ion channel blocker for the rapid pharmacologic conversion of atrial fibrillation , significantly attenuates the prolonging effects of Class III agents or those induced by ATX-II , a specific toxin that delays Na channel inactivation and amplifies late I ( Na ) greatly , mimicking LQT3 . 
The Na channel block caused by lidocaine and RSD1235 can be through the open or inactivated states of the channel , but both equivalently inhibit a late component of Na current ( I ( Na ) ) , recorded at 22 degrees C using whole-cell patch clamp of Nav 1 . 5 expressed in HEK cells . 
These protective actions of lidocaine , mexiletine , and RSD1235 may result , at least in part , from their ability to inhibit late I ( Na ) during action potential repolarization , and inhibition of the inward currents contributing to EAD and arrhythmia formation . BACKGROUND : In essential hypertension an elevated renal vascular resistance ( RVR ) may be a marker of renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system-mediated impairment of renal sodium excretion . 
This hypothesis was tested by investigating whether , in subjects with essential hypertension , the natriuretic response to specific renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system ( RAAS ) blockade by renin-inhibitor remikiren could be predicted from pretreatment renal vascular tone . 
MATERIALS AND METHODS : Renal hemodynamics , and the effects of single ( n = 17 ) and multiple doses ( n = 8 , 8 days ) of remikiren ( 600 mg day-1 ) on sodium excretion were studied under conditions of carefully controlled sodium balance . 
RESULTS : Pretreatment renal vascular tone showed considerable individual differences : filtration fraction ( FF ) ranged from 21 . 2 to 30 . 3% and RVR from 18 . 8 to 33 . 5 10-2 mmHg min mL-1 in the single dose study , and FF from 20 . 8 to 24 . 9% and RVR from 14 . 8 to 28 . 8 10-2 mmHg min mL-1 in the multiple dose study . 
Remikiren induced a fall in blood pressure , FF and RVR , with considerable interindividual variability in natriuretic response . 
During single dose , cumulative sodium loss was 5 . 1 mmol per 5 h ( -8 . 8 to + 24 . 6 ) , whereas after 8 days treatment cumulative sodium loss was 72 + / - 30 mmol ( -46 to + 187 ) . 
The natriuretic response to remikiren during single as well as multiple dose significantly correlated with pretreatment renal vascular tone ( estimated from FF and RVR ) but not with remikiren-induced changes in renal hemodynamics or in hormonal parameters . 
Cumulative sodium loss was largest in patients with a higher pretreatment FF and RVR ( r = 0 . 74 , P < 0 . 001 and r = 0 . 52 , P < 0 . 05 , respectively , single dose; and r = 0 . 75 , P < 0 . 05 and r = 0 . 73 , P < 0 . 05 , respectively , multiple dose ) . 
CONCLUSION : These data support the hypothesis that in essential hypertension an elevated renal vascular tone is a marker of RAAS-mediated impairment of sodium excretion . The effects of lower than conventional doses of oral nadolol on relative beta 1 / beta 2-adrenoceptor blockade . [ Psychopharmacological profile of venlafaxine ] . Structural basis for synthesis of inflammatory mediators by human leukotriene C4 synthase . Selenoproteins are proteins carrying the rare amino acid Sec ( selenocysteine ) . 
Full expression of selenoproteins requires modification of tRNA ( [ Ser ] Sec ) , including N ( 6 ) -isopentenylation of base A ( 37 ) . 
We show that Trit1 is a dimethylallyl : tRNA ( [ Ser ] Sec ) transferase . 
Knockdown of Trit1 reduces expression of selenoproteins . 
Incubation of in vitro transcribed tRNA [ Ser ] Sec with recombinant Trit1 transfers [ ( 14 ) C ] dimethylallyl pyrophosphate to tRNA ( [ Ser ] Sec ) . 
37A>G tRNA ( [ Ser ] Sec ) is resistant to isopentenylation by Trit1 . Thymidylate synthase expression in resectable and unresectable pancreatic cancer : role as predictive or prognostic The discovery of a second isoform of cyclooxygenase ( COX ) led to the search for compounds that could selectively inhibit COX-2 in humans while sparing prostaglandin formation from COX-1 . 
Celecoxib and rofecoxib were among the molecules developed from these efforts . 
We report here the pharmacological properties of a third selective COX-2 inhibitor , valdecoxib , which is the most potent and in vitro selective of the marketed COX-2 inhibitors that we have studied . 
Recombinant human COX-1 and COX-2 were used to screen for new highly potent and in vitro selective COX-2 inhibitors and compare kinetic mechanisms of binding and enzyme inhibition with other COX inhibitors . 
Valdecoxib potently inhibits recombinant COX-2 , with an IC ( 50 ) of 0 . 005 microM; this compares with IC values of 0 . 05 microM for celecoxib , 0 . 5 microM for rofecoxib , and 5 microM for etoricoxib . 
Unique binding interactions of valdecoxib with COX-2 translate into a fast rate of inactivation of COX-2 ( 110 , 000 M / s compared with 7000 M / s for rofecoxib and 80 M / s for etoricoxib ) . 
The overall saturation binding affinity for COX-2 of valdecoxib is 2 . 6 nM ( compared with 1 . 6 nM for celecoxib , 51 nM for rofecoxib , and 260 nM for etoricoxib ) , with a slow off-rate ( t ( 1 / 2 ) approximately 98 min ) . 
Valdecoxib inhibits COX-1 in a competitive fashion only at very high concentrations ( IC ( 50 ) = 150 microM ) . 
Collectively , these data provide a mechanistic basis for the potency and in vitro selectivity of valdecoxib for COX-2 . 
Valdecoxib showed similar activity in the human whole-blood COX assay ( COX-2 IC ( 50 ) = 0 . 24 microM; COX-1 IC ( 50 ) = 21 . 9 microM ) . 
We also determined whether this in vitro potency and selectivity translated to significant potency in vivo . 
In rats , valdecoxib demonstrated marked potency in acute and chronic models of inflammation ( air pouch ED ( 50 ) = 0 . 06 mg / kg; paw edema ED ( 50 ) = 5 . 9 mg / kg; adjuvant arthritis ED ( 50 ) = 0 . 03 mg / kg ) . 
In these same animals , COX-1 was spared at doses greater than 200 mg / kg . 
These data provide a basis for the observed potent anti-inflammatory activity of valdecoxib in humans . Low dose combination steroids control autoimmune mouse hearing loss . AT1 receptor antagonism is proangiogenic in the brain : BDNF a novel mediator . In 1954 , substances that protected cells from viral infection were discovered and named IFN ( interferon ) . 
This family of cytokines , which were the first to be used in clinical therapy , is classified into type I and II IFNs . 
Type I mainly consists of IFNalpha and IFNbeta subtypes , which are structurally related and bind to a common receptor . 
IFNgamma , the sole type II IFN , is structurally unrelated , binds to a different receptor and , as a dimer , strongly interacts with HS ( heparan sulphate ) . 
In addition to its antiviral activity , it modulates nearly all phases of immune and inflammatory responses . 
IFNgamma binding to HS controls the blood clearance , the subsequent tissue targeting and the local accumulation of the cytokine . 
It also regulates IFNgamma activity by a unique mechanism involving a controlled processing of the C-terminal peptide . 
The binding site encompasses an N-acetylated glucosamine-rich domain separating two highly sulphated sequences that each binds to one IFNgamma monomer . 
Based on this template , a set of glycoconjugate mimetics that would mimic the IFNgamma binding site has been synthesized . 
One of these molecules displays high affinity for the cytokine and inhibits binding to both HS and IFNgammaR ( IFNgamma receptor ) , the cell-surface receptor . 
These results validate the HS structural determinants for IFNgamma recognition , and provide a new strategy to inhibit IFNgamma in a number of diseases in which the cytokine has been identified as a target . miR-143 regulates hexokinase 2 expression in cancer cells . 9-cis-retinoic acid analogues with bulky hydrophobic rings : new RXR-selective agonists . Active opioid receptors have been solubilized from bovine striatal synaptosomal membranes and purified approximately 4000-fold using a combination of affinity and hydroxyapatite chromatography . 
The affinity column was constructed by attaching hybromet , a newly synthesized opioid ligand with high affinity for the mu receptor , to a solid support matrix . 
A polyclonal antibody was generated to opioid receptors by injection of the purified receptor preparation into female New Zealand rabbits . 
The specificity of the antiserum was demonstrated by receptor competition and immunoprecipitation studies . 
Immunological titration of opioid binding activity from rat brain showed that the antibody was able to displace specific binding of [ 3H ] etorphine ( universal opioid ) and [ 3H ] dihydromorphine ( mu opioid ) from rat membranes , but was ineffective against the binding of [ 3H ] ethylketocyclazocine ( kappa [ 3H ] D-Ala2 , D-Leu5-enkephalin ( delta opioid ) or [ 3H ] phencyclidine ( phencyclidine / sigma receptor ligand ) . 
The antibody was able to precipitate the Mr 94 , 000 component of the 125I-labeled affinity-purified receptor , a finding which suggests that this subunit may be an opioid recognition component . 
By indirect immunofluorescence , the antibody was shown to bind specifically to the plasma membranes of the neurotumor cell line NCB-20 ( neuroblastoma X Chinese hamster brain hybrid cells ) , which has high affinity opioid receptors . 
The observed fluorescence in the neuroblastoma cells was prevented by pre-adsorption of the antibody with purified receptor from rat brain . 
These results indicate that the antibody is specific for opioid receptors and may prove useful in the precise localization of opioid receptors in the central and peripheral nervous systems by immunohistochemical procedures . The opioid analgesic , butorphanol ( 17-cyclobutylmethyl-3 , 14-dihydroxymorphinan ) tartrate is a prototypical agonist-antagonist opioid analgesic agent whose potential for abuse has been the cause of litigation in the United States . 
With a published affinity for opioid receptors in vitro of 1 : 4 : 25 ( mu : delta : kappa ) , the relative contribution of actions at each of these receptors to the in vivo actions of the drug are an issue of active investigation . 
A body of evidence has been developed which indicates that a substantial selective action of butorphanol on the kappa-opioid receptor mediates the development of tolerance to butorphanol and cross-tolerance to other opioid agonists; to the production of dependence upon butorphanol , particularly in the rodent; and to compensatory alterations in brain opioid receptor-effector systems . 
This perspective will identify the current state of understanding of the effects produced by butorphanol on brain opioid receptors , particularly on the kappa-opioid receptor subtype , and on the expression of phosphotyrosyl proteins following chronic treatment with butorphanol . Psychostimulant effects are enhanced by ovarian hormones in women and female rodents . 
Estradiol increases behavioral responses to psychostimulants in women and female rats , although the underlying mechanism is unknown . 
This study utilized mice to investigate the time frame and receptor mediation of estradiol's enhancement of cocaine-induced behavior as mice enable parallel use of genetic , surgical and pharmacological methods . 
The spontaneous behavior of Sham and Ovariectomized ( Ovx ) female wildtype ( WT ) mice was determined during habituation to a novel environment and after cocaine administration . 
Ovx mice were replaced with vehicle ( sesame oil ) or 17β-estradiol ( E2 ) for 2 days or 30 min prior to a cocaine challenge to investigate the time course of E2's effects . 
To examine receptor mediation of estradiol effects , Ovx mice replaced for 2 days with either the ERα-selective agonist PPT or the ERβ-selective agonist DPN were compared to Sham mice , and mice lacking either ERα ( αERKO ) or ERβ ( βERKO ) were compared to WT littermates . 
Ovx mice exhibited fewer ambulations during habituation than Sham females . 
Cocaine-induced increases in behavioral ratings were greater in Sham than in Ovx mice . 
Two days but not 30 min of E2 replacement in Ovx mice increased cocaine responses to Sham levels . 
PPT replacement also increased the cocaine response relative to vehicle- or DPN- treated Ovx mice . 
αERKO mice displayed modestly attenuated behavioral responses to novelty and cocaine compared to αWT littermates , but no behavioral differences were found between βERKO and βWT mice . 
These results suggest that E2 enhances cocaine-stimulated locomotion in mice predominantly through ERα . Evaluation of 7-O-galloyl-d-sedoheptulose , isolated from Corni Fructus , in the adipose tissue of type 2 diabetic db / db mice . Ligand-dependent nuclear hormone receptor ( NR ) signaling requires direct interaction between NR and the steroid receptor coactivators ( SRC ) . 
Herein we utilize a library of SRC2 peptidomimetics to select for specific inhibitors of the interaction of SRC2 with the two estrogen receptor ( ER ) isoforms , ERalpha and ERbeta , in the presence of three different ligands : 17beta-estradiol , diethylstilbesterol , and genistein . 
The pattern of inhibitor selectivity for each ER isoform varied depending upon which ligand was present , thus demonstrating that the ligands exert unique allosteric effects upon the surface of the SRC binding pocket . 
Several of the lead compounds are highly ( >100-fold ) selective for blocking the binding of SRC2 to ERalpha , in preference to ERbeta , in the presence of one ligand and therefore may prove useful for decoupling ERbeta signaling from ERalpha signaling . Imaging docking and fusion of insulin granules induced by antidiabetes agents : sulfonylurea and glinide drugs preferentially mediate the fusion of newcomer , but not previously docked , insulin granules . Binary diffusion coefficients for mixtures of ionic liquids [ EMIM ] [ N ( CN ) 2 ] , [ EMIM ] [ NTf2 ] , and [ HMIM ] [ NTf2 ] with acetone and ethanol by dynamic light scattering ( DLS ) . Tumor localization and biochemical response to cure in tumor-induced osteomalacia . 6-Chloro-3-alkylamino-4H-thieno [ 3 , 2-e ] -1 , 2 , 4-thiadiazine 1 , 1-dioxide derivatives potently and selectively activate ATP sensitive potassium channels of pancreatic beta-cells . Endogenous opioid systems and alcohol addiction . BACKGROUND : A model to study the effect of vasopressin V1a antagonist in dysmenorrhea . 
METHODS : A double-blind , randomized , placebo-controlled , cross-over trial was performed . 
Eight patients with primary dysmenorrhea and eight tuballigated , healthy subjects participated on days 1-2 of two consecutive menstruations . 
At each menstruation a bolus injection of 10 pmol / kg of vasopressin was administered before and during infusion of either 300 microg / min of atosiban or placebo . 
Intrauterine pressure was measured as area under the curve throughout the experiments . 
Ischemia markers in plasma and pain recorded by a visual analog scale were measured before and after each vasopressin injection as well as before and after the start of either atosiban or placebo infusion . 
RESULTS : Vasopressin injections elevated area under the curve in both healthy volunteers and dysmenorrhea subjects . 
The vasopressin-induced rise in area under the curve was lower during atosiban administration than during infusion of placebo in both groups . 
None of the ischemia markers differed between or within groups at vasopressin injections or atosiban / placebo infusions . 
In subjects with dysmenorrhea the increase in pain following the administration of vasopressin was significantly lower during atosiban than during placebo infusion . 
Healthy volunteers experienced only slight discomfort after the vasopressin injections . 
CONCLUSIONS : Atosiban reduces vasopressin-induced intrauterine pressure in both healthy volunteers and dysmenorrheics , and reported pain in subjects with dysmenorrhea . 
The ischemia markers are not a useful biomarker index in women with dysmenorrhea . 
The dysmenorrhea pain evoked by vasopressin correlated poorly with area under the curve , which may suggest that the effect is mediated by more than one V1a-like receptor . 
We conclude that this model with recordings in healthy women is useful in the evaluation of drug candidates for primary dysmenorrhea . Anti-inflammatory norditerpenoids from the soft coral Sinularia maxima . Mitiglinide , a novel oral hypoglycemic agent , preserves the cardioprotective effect of ischemic preconditioning in isolated perfused rat hearts . Biodegradable oligo ( poly ( ethylene glycol ) fumarate ) ( OPF ) composite hydrogels have been investigated for the delivery of growth factors ( GFs ) with the aid of gelatin microparticles ( GMPs ) and stem cell populations for osteochondral tissue regeneration . 
In this study , a bilayered OPF composite hydrogel that mimics the distinctive hierarchical structure of native osteochondral tissue was utilized to investigate the effect of transforming growth factor-β3 ( TGF-β3 ) with varying release kinetics and / or insulin-like growth factor-1 ( IGF-1 ) on osteochondral tissue regeneration in a rabbit full-thickness osteochondral defect model . 
The four groups investigated included ( i ) a blank control ( no GFs ) , ( ii ) GMP-loaded IGF-1 alone , ( iii ) GMP-loaded IGF-1 and gel-loaded TGF-β3 , and ( iv ) GMP-loaded IGF-1 and GMP-loaded TGF-β3 in OPF composite hydrogels . 
The results of an in vitro release study demonstrated that TGF-β3 release kinetics could be modulated by the GF incorporation method . 
At 12weeks post-implantation , the quality of tissue repair in both chondral and subchondral layers was analyzed based on quantitative histological scoring . 
All groups incorporating GFs resulted in a significant improvement in cartilage morphology compared to the control . 
Single delivery of IGF-1 showed higher scores in subchondral bone morphology as well as chondrocyte and glycosaminoglycan amount in adjacent cartilage tissue when compared to a dual delivery of IGF-1 and TGF-β3 , independent of the TGF-β3 release kinetics . 
The results suggest that although the dual delivery of TGF-β3 and IGF-1 may not synergistically enhance the quality of engineered tissue , the delivery of IGF-1 alone from bilayered composite hydrogels positively affects osteochondral tissue repair and holds promise for osteochondral tissue engineering applications . Oxandrolone blocks glucocorticoid signaling in an androgen receptor-dependent manner . The association of CYP2C9 and VKORC1 1173C / T genotype and risk of hemorrhage among African Americans and European Americans is presented . 
This association was evaluated using Cox proportional hazard regression with adjustment for demographics , comorbidity , and time-varying covariates . 
Forty-four major and 203 minor hemorrhages occurred over 555 person-years among 446 patients ( 60 . 6 + / -15 . 6 years , 50% men , 227 African Americans ) . 
The variant CYP2C9 genotype conferred an increased risk for major ( hazard ratio ( HR ) 3 . 0; 95% confidence interval ( CI ) : 1 . 1-8 . 0 ) but not minor ( HR 1 . 3; 95% CI : 0 . 8-2 . 1 ) hemorrhage . 
The risk of major hemorrhage was 5 . 3-fold ( 95% CI : 0 . 4-64 . 0 ) higher before stabilization of therapy , 2 . 2-fold ( 95% CI : 0 . 7-6 . 5 ) after stabilization , and 2 . 4-fold ( 95% CI : 0 . 8-7 . 4 ) during all periods when anticoagulation was not stable . 
The variant VKORC1 1173C / T genotype did not confer a significant increase in risk for major ( HR 1 . 7; 95% CI : 0 . 7-4 . 4 ) or minor ( HR 0 . 8; 95% CI : 0 . 5-1 . 3 ) hemorrhage . 
The variant CYP2C9 genotype is associated with an increased risk of major hemorrhage , which persists even after stabilization of therapy . Carboxylesterases ( CEs ) are ubiquitously expressed proteins that are responsible for the detoxification of xenobiotics . 
They tend to be expressed in tissues likely to be exposed to such agents ( e . 
g . 
, lung and gut epithelia , liver ) and can hydrolyze numerous agents , including many clinically used drugs . 
Due to the considerable structural similarity between cholinesterases ( ChE ) and CEs , we have assessed the ability of a series of ChE inhibitors to modulate the activity of the human liver ( hCE1 ) and the human intestinal CE ( hiCE ) isoforms . 
We observed inhibition of hCE1 and hiCE by carbamate-containing small molecules , including those used for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease . 
For example , rivastigmine resulted in greater than 95% inhibition of hiCE that was irreversible under the conditions used . 
Hence , the administration of esterified drugs , in combination with these carbamates , may inadvertently result in decreased hydrolysis of the former , thereby limiting their efficacy . 
Therefore drug : drug interactions should be carefully evaluated in individuals receiving ChE inhibitors . Zinc sulphate and vitamin E alleviate reproductive toxicity caused by aluminium sulphate in male albino rats . Effects of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor ( G-CSF ) and neutrophil elastase inhibitor ( ONO-5046 ) on acid-induced lung injury in rats . Apomorphine induces trophic factors that support fetal rat mesencephalic dopaminergic neurons in cultures . It is well established that both estrogen loss and type II diabetes mellitus ( DMII ) can impair bone metabolism , but whether estrogen loss exacerbates the effects of DMII is unclear . 
Therefore , we determined if ovariectomy ( OVX ) of rats on a long-term high-fat / sugar diet and injection of a low dose of streptozotocin ( DMII ) decreased bone mineral density ( BMD ) more than OVX or DMII alone . 
Bone insulin signaling is known to support bone metabolism; therefore , we also tested the hypothesis that OVX DMII rats ( DOVX ) would exhibit greater reductions in the expression of proteins important in insulin signaling , including IRS-1 , IRS-2 , and IGF-1 . 
As hypothesized , BMD and plasma estrogen levels were decreased more in DOVX rats than in rats following OVX ( NOVX ) or DMII ( DS ) alone . 
IGF-1 expression was decreased in the liver , kidney , skeletal muscle , and bone of DOVX , DS , and NOVX rats; however , the decrease was larger and occurred sooner in DOVX rats . 
While IRS-1 and IRS-2 decreased in most groups in all tissues examined , the expression patterns differed in both a group- and tissue-dependent fashion . 
In conclusion , these data demonstrate that estrogen loss and DMII induced by a high-fat / sugar diet interact to produce osteoporosis and support the hypothesis that the bone loss may be mediated at least in part by concurrent decreases in the insulin signaling proteins in bone . Structural and functional characterization of HQL-79 , an orally selective inhibitor of human hematopoietic prostaglandin D synthase . Binding kinetics of nuclear receptors and their specific ligands was measured using polarization anisotropy complemented with total internal reflection fluorescence . 
Binding affinities of tethered full length human estrogen receptor alpha ( ERalpha ) with 17beta-estradiol , diethylstilbestrol , raloxifene , 4-hydroxytamoxifen , tamoxifen , and genistein were measured to be 100 ( as reference ) , 100 , 35 , 21 , 8 , and 1 . 5 , respectively . 
They agreed with published results . 
For the first time , rate constants were measured , and off rates were 1 . 5 , 1 . 5 , 1 . 3 , 1 . 6 , 1 . 7 , and 2 . 3 x 10 ( -3 ) s ( -1 ) while on rates were 11 , 10 , 3 . 3 , 2 . 4 , 1 . 0 , and 0 . 26 x 10 ( 5 ) M ( -1 ) s ( -1 ) , respectively . 
For the antiestrogen drugs , their comparable off-rates correlated well with their equally similar potency . 
Eleven ginsenosides were screened as potential ligands . 
None were found to bind to ERalpha , but Rb1 ( S ) and 20 ( S ) -Rg3 were shown to bind to peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma . 
The latter finding corroborated strongly with the therapeutic effects of ginsenosides on diabetic mice observed in a separate study . 
Our method would complement surface plasmon resonance assay for small ligands in the mass range of tens to hundreds of Daltons . Influence of halothane on phospholipase A2 and enzymatic methylations in the rat retinal membranes . Heterobivalent dual-target probe for targeting GRP and Y1 receptors on tumor cells . 2-aminothiazole as a novel kinase inhibitor template . 
Structure-activity relationship studies toward the discovery of N- ( 2-chloro-6-methylphenyl ) -2- [ [ 6- [ 4- ( 2-hydroxyethyl ) -1- piperazinyl ) ] -2-methyl-4-pyrimidinyl ] amino ) ] -1 , 3-thiazole-5-carboxamide ( dasatinib , BMS-354825 ) as a potent pan-Src kinase inhibitor . Starting from the very simple molecule sulfamic acid , O-substituted- , N-substituted- , or di- / tri-substituted sulfamates may be obtained , which show specific biological activities which were or started to be exploited for the design of many types of therapeutic agents . 
Among them , sulfamate inhibitors of aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases ( aaRSs ) were recently reported , constituting completely new classes of antibiotics , useful in the fight of drug-resistant infections . 
Anti-viral agents incorporating sulfamate moieties have also been obtained , with at least two types of such derivatives investigated : the nucleoside / nucleotide human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) reverse transcriptase inhibitors , and the HIV protease inhibitors ( PIs ) . 
In the increasing armamentarium of anti-cancer drugs , the sulfamates occupy a special position , with at least two important targets evidenced so far : the steroid sulfatases ( STSs ) and the carbonic anhydrases ( CAs ) . 
An impressing number of inhibitors of STSs of the sulfamate type have been reported in the last years , with several compounds , such as 667COUMATE among others , progressing to clinical trials for the treatment of hormone-dependent tumors ( breast and prostate cancers ) . 
This field is rapidly evolving , with many types of new inhibitors being constantly reported and designed in such a way as to increase their anti-tumor properties , and decrease undesired features ( for example , estrogenicity , a problem encountered with the first generation such inhibitors , such as EMATE ) . 
Among the many isozymes of CAs , at least two , CA IX and CA XII , are highly overexpressed in tumors , being generally absent in the normal tissues . 
Inhibition of tumor-associated CAs was hypothesized to lead to novel therapeutic approaches for the treatment of cancer . 
Many sulfamates act as very potent ( low nanomolar ) CA inhibitors . 
The X-ray crystal structure of the best-studied isozyme , CA II , with three sulfamates ( sulfamic acid , topiramate , and EMATE ) has recently been reported , which allowed for a rationale drug design of new inhibitors . 
Indeed , low nanomolar CA IX inhibitors of the sulfamate type have been reported , although such compounds also act as efficient inhibitors of isozymes CA I and II , which are not associated with tumors . 
A large number of anti-convulsant sulfamates have been described , with one such compound , topiramate , being widely used clinically as anti-epileptic drug . 
By taking into consideration a side effect of topiramate , an anti-epileptic drug leading to weight loss in some patients , it has recently been proposed to use this drug and related sulfamates for the treatment of obesity . 
The rationale of this use is based on the inhibition of the mitochondrial CA isozyme , CA V , involved in lipogenesis . 
Some sulfamates were also shown to possess potent inhibitory activity against acyl coenzyme A : cholesterol acyltransferase , an enzyme involved in cholesterol metabolism . 
One such agent , avasimibe , is in advanced clinical trials for the treatment of hyperlipidemia and atherosclerosis . 
Thus , the sulfamate moiety offers very attractive possibilities for the drug design of various pharmacological agents , which are on one hand due to the relative ease with which such compounds are synthesized , and on the other one , due to the fact that biological activity of most of them is impressive . Among the various possible causes for drug interactions , pharmacokinetic factors such as inhibition of drug-metabolizing enzymes , especially cytochrome P450 ( CYP ) enzymes , are regarded as the most frequent and clinically important . 
Gypenosides is widely used as functional food and over-the-counter drug in East Asia . 
In this study , the in vitro inhibitory effects of gypenosides on the major human CYP enzymes ( CYP1A2 , CYP2B6 , CYP2C8 , CYP2C9 , CYP2C19 , CYP2D6 , and CYP3A4 ) activities in human liver microsomes were examined using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry . 
Gypenosides showed the strongest inhibition of CYP2D6 , followed by CYP2C8 , CYP3A4 and CYP2C9 . 
The IC50 values were 1 . 61μg / mL , 20 . 06μg / mL , 34 . 76μg / mL ( CYP3A4 / midazolam ) , 46 . 73μg / mL ( CYP3A4 / testosterone ) , and 54 . 52μg / mL , respectively . 
Gypenosides exhibited competitive inhibition of CYP2D6 ( Ki = 1 . 18 ) . 
In conclusion , Gypenosides might cause herb-drug interactions via inhibition of CYP2D6 . 
An in vivo study is needed to examine this further . Although conventional nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( NSAIDs ) have long been a major therapeutic choice for the management of arthritic conditions , the potential adverse effects of these agents sometimes compromise their clinical utility . 
New modes of therapy have recently been introduced , and data on the cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) -specific inhibitors celecoxib and rofecoxib suggest that these agents will meet the need for safe and effective therapeutic alternatives to conventional NSAIDs . Activation of beta2- and beta3-adrenergic receptors increases brain tryptophan . The sensitive detection of cancer biomarkers in urine could revolutionize cancer diagnosis and treatment . 
Such detectors must be inexpensive , easy to interpret , and sensitive . 
This report describes a bioaffinity matrix of viruses integrated into PEDOT films for electrochemical sensing of prostate specific membrane antigen ( PSMA ) , a prostate cancer biomarker . 
High sensitivity to PSMA resulted from synergistic action by two different ligands to PSMA on the same phage particle . 
One ligand was chemically synthesized and wrapped around the phage , and the second was genetically encoded . 
The dual ligands result in a bidentate binder with high copy , dense ligand display for enhanced PSMA detection through a chelate-based , avidity effect . 
Biosensing with virus-PEDOT films provides a 100 pM limit of detection for PSMA in synthetic urine without requiring enzymatic or other amplification . The α-hydroxy ketones are used as building blocks for compounds of pharmaceutical interest ( such as antidepressants , HIV-protease inhibitors and antitumorals ) . 
They can be obtained by the action of enzymes or whole cells on selected substrates , such as diketones . 
We have studied the enantiospecificities of several fungal ( AKR3C1 , AKR5F and AKR5G ) and human ( AKR1B1 and AKR1B10 ) aldo-keto reductases in the production of α-hydroxy ketones and diols from vicinal diketones . 
The reactions have been carried out with pure enzymes and with an NADPH-regenerating system consisting of glucose-6-phosphate and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase . 
To ascertain the regio and stereoselectivity of the reduction reactions catalyzed by the AKRs , we have separated and characterized the reaction products by means of a gas chromatograph equipped with a chiral column and coupled to a mass spectrometer as a detector . 
According to the regioselectivity and stereoselectivity , the AKRs studied can be divided in two groups : one of them showed preference for the reduction of the proximal keto group , resulting in the S-enantiomer of the corresponding α-hydroxy ketones . 
The other group favored the reduction of the distal keto group and yielded the corresponding R-enantiomer . 
Three of the AKRs used ( AKR1B1 , AKR1B10 and AKR3C1 ) could produce 2 , 3-butanediol from acetoin . 
We have explored the structure / function relationships in the reactivity between several yeast and human AKRs and various diketones and acetoin . 
In addition , we have demonstrated the utility of these AKRs in the synthesis of selected α-hydroxy ketones and diols . Synthesis and structure-activity studies of benzyl ester meperidine and normeperidine derivatives as selective serotonin transporter ligands . Evidence suggests that prenatal exposure to air pollution affects the ontogeny and development of the fetal immune system . 
The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of maternal exposure to airborne particulate matter ( PM ) on immune function in postnatal offspring . 
Pregnant female ICR mice were intralaryngopharyngeally administered with 30μl of phosphate buffered solution ( the control group ) or resuspended PM of Standard Reference Material 1649a at 0 . 09 ( low ) , 0 . 28 ( medium ) , 1 . 85 ( high ) or 6 . 92 ( overdose ) μg / μl once every three days from day 0 to 18 of pregnancy ( n = 8-10 ) . 
Offspring were sacrificed on postnatal day 30 . 
Interleukin-4 and interferon-γ levels in plasma and splenocytes , splenic lymphocyte proliferation , and expressions of GATA-3 and T-bet mRNA in the spleen were tested . 
The spleen and thymus were histopathologically examined . 
The offspring of the medium , high and overdose PM-exposed dams showed significantly suppressed splenocyte proliferation . 
Decreased interferon-γ and increased interleukin-4 levels in the blood and splenocytes , and lowered T-bet and elevated GATA-3 mRNA expressions were found in the spleen in the medium , high and overdose groups when compared with the control or low dose group ( P<0 . 05 ) . 
Histopathology revealed prominent tissue damage in the spleen and thymus in the overdose group . 
These results suggest that exposure of pregnant mice to PM modulates the fetal immune system , resulting in postnatal immune dysfunction by exacerbation of Thl / Th2 deviation . 
This deviation is associated with altered T-bet and GATA-3 gene expressions . Direct instillation of a recombinant human form of MMP-12 ( rhMMP-12 ) in mice airways elicited an early inflammatory response characterized by neutrophil influx , cytokine release and gelatinase activation followed by a delayed response , mainly characterized by macrophage recruitment . 
As this experimental model of lung inflammation partially mimics some features of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( COPD ) , we have investigated the effects of treatment by anti-inflammatory compounds , dexamethasone and rolipram and a non-specific matrix metalloproteinase ( MMP ) inhibitor , marimastat . 
The compounds were administrated orally , 1 h before rhMMP-12 instillation ( 8 x 10 ( -3 ) U / mouse ) . 
Total and differential cell counts were evaluated in the bronchoalveolar lavage fluids . 
Cytokines and MMP-9 were quantified in bronchoalveolar lavage fluids and in lung homogenate supernatants . 
Marimastat ( 100 mg / kg ) , dexamethasone ( 10 mg / kg ) and rolipram ( 0 . 1 and 0 . 3 mg / kg ) were able to decrease significantly neutrophil recruitment at 4 and 24 h after rhMMP-12 instillation , but only marimastat ( 30 and 100 mg / kg ) was effective at decreasing the macrophage recruitment occurring at day 7 . 
Marimastat ( 100 mg / kg ) , dexamethasone ( 10 mg / kg ) and rolipram ( 0 . 3 mg / kg ) reduced significantly IL-6 , KC / CXCL1 , MIP-1alpha / CCL3 and MMP-9 levels in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid . 
Similar results were obtained in lung homogenates except with rolipram . 
Dexamethasone and rolipram were able to inhibit the early inflammatory response but were ineffective to limit the macrophage influx . 
In contrast , marimastat was able to reduce early and late response . 
These data indicate that MMP-12 instillation in mice could highlight some of the inflammatory response seen in COPD and could be used for the pharmacological evaluation of new anti-inflammatory mechanisms of action . Metabolism of triethylenetetramine and 1 , 12-diamino-3 , 6 , 9-triazadodecane by the spermidine / spermine-N ( 1 ) -acetyltransferase and thialysine acetyltransferase . Ibrutinib ( Imbruvica ( R ) ) is a first-in-class , potent , orally administered , covalent inhibitor of Bruton's tyrosine kinase ( BTK ) that inhibits B-cell antigen receptor signalling downstream of BTK . 
Oral ibrutinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with relapsed / refractory mantle cell lymphoma ( MCL ) or chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( CLL ) and for the treatment of patients with CLL and a chromosome 17 deletion ( del 17p ) or TP53 mutation . 
This article summarizes pharmacological , efficacy and tolerability data relevant to the use of ibrutinib in these indications . 
In clinical studies , ibrutinib induced a high overall response rate in patients with relapsed / refractory MCL ( phase II study ) . 
In addition , ibrutinib significantly prolonged progression-free survival and significantly improved the partial response rate and overall survival in patients with relapsed / refractory CLL ( RESONATE study ) , including in those with del 17p , a subgroup with a poor prognosis . 
Ibrutinib had an acceptable tolerability profile in these studies with <10% of patients discontinuing treatment because of adverse events . 
Given its efficacy and tolerability , once-daily , oral ibrutinib is an emerging treatment option for patients with relapsed / refractory MCL or CLL and CLL patients with del 17p or TP53 mutation . Two novel mutations in the MEN1 gene in subjects with multiple endocrine neoplasia-1 . Pharmacological inhibition of fatty acid synthase activity produces both cytostatic and cytotoxic effects modulated by p53 . Neuroinflammation and oxidative stress are involved in the pathogenesis of neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer's diseases and Parkinson's disease . 
Naturally derived kavalactones isolated from Piper methysticum ( Piperaceae ) have been shown to exhibit neuroprotective effects . 
We have previously reported that a chemically synthesized kavalactone derivative , 2' , 6'-dichloro-5-methoxymethyl-5 , 6-dehydrokawain ( compound 1 ) protects against oxidative stress-induced neuronal cell death through activation of Nrf2 signaling . 
In the present study , we examined the effect of compound 1 on neuroinflammation . 
In BV2 microglial cells , compound 1 strongly inhibited LPS-stimulated iNOS induction and NO production , but did not affect LPS-stimulated induction of COX2 . 
At 6h after LPS challenge , when iNOS induction was not clearly seen , treatment with LPS or compound 1 alone increased expression of heme oxygenase 1 ( HO-1 ) whose transcription is regulated by Nrf2 . 
When treated with both , compound 1 enhanced LPS-stimulated HO-1 induction , which was more evident at 24h after LPS treatment . 
Furthermore , LPS-stimulated activation of Nrf2 signaling and nuclear translocation of Nrf2 were potentiated by compound 1 . 
The mechanism by which compound 1 activated Nrf2 signaling was supposed to be a covalent modification of the sulfhydryl groups of Keap1 by an α , β-unsaturated carbonyl group present in the compound 1 . 
Treatment with hemin , a HO-1 inducer , and with [ Ru ( CO ) 3Cl2 ] 2 , a CO donor , decreased LPS-stimulated iNOS induction and NO production . 
In contrast , siRNA-mediated knockdown of HO-1 expression reduced the inhibitory effect of compound 1 on LPS-stimulated iNOS induction and NO production . 
The compound 1 inhibited LPS-stimulated ERK phosphorylation after LPS treatment . 
Finally , compound 1 suppressed LPS / IFN-γ-stimulated NO production in primary microglial cells . 
These results suggest that compound 1 is capable of inhibiting LPS-stimulated iNOS induction and NO production via activation of Nrf2 signaling and HO-1 induction in microglial cells . 
Taken together , compound 1 has a potential to reduce neuroinflammation as well as oxidative stress in neurodegenerative diseases through activation of Nrf2 signaling . Role of multidrug-resistance protein 2 in glutathione S-transferase P1-1-mediated resistance to 4-nitroquinoline 1-oxide toxicities in HepG2 cells . Patients with acute vitiligo have low epidermal catalase expression / activities and accumulate 10 ( -3 ) M H ( 2 ) O ( 2 ) . 
One consequence of this severe oxidative stress is an altered calcium homeostasis in epidermal keratinocytes and melanocytes . 
Here , we show decreased epidermal calmodulin expression in acute vitiligo . 
Since 10 ( -3 ) M H ( 2 ) O ( 2 ) oxidises methionine and tryptophan residues in proteins , we examined calcium binding to calmodulin in the presence and absence of H ( 2 ) O ( 2 ) utilising ( 45 ) calcium . 
The results showed that all four calcium atoms exchanged per molecule of calmodulin . 
Since oxidised calmodulin looses its ability to activate calcium ATPase , enzyme activities were followed in full skin biopsies from lesional skin of patients with acute vitiligo ( n = 6 ) and healthy controls ( n = 6 ) . 
The results yielded a 4-fold decrease of ATPase activities in the patients . 
Computer simulation of native and oxidised calmodulin confirmed the loss of all four calcium ions from their specific EF-hand domains . 
Taken together H ( 2 ) O ( 2 ) -mediated oxidation affects calcium binding in calmodulin leading to perturbed calcium homeostasis and perturbed l-phenylalanine-uptake in the epidermis of acute vitiligo . Titanium dioxide nanoparticles increase inflammatory responses in vascular endothelial cells . The preferred initial agents for the treatment of high blood pressure are low-dose thiazide diuretics , beta blockers , calcium antagonists , and angiotensin-converting enzyme ( ACE ) inhibitors . 
In high-risk patients , including those with diabetes , renal insufficiency , left ventricular dysfunction , and atherosclerosis , ACE inhibitors may have specific benefit in reducing cardiovascular morbidity and mortality . 
Omapatrilat , the prototypical vasopeptidase inhibitor , inhibits not only ACE but also neutral endopeptidase . 
Like conventional ACE inhibitors , omapatrilat causes extracellular volume reduction and vasodilatation; moreover , it increases levels of atrial and brain natriuretic peptides and bradykinin . 
Effective blood pressure control , especially in the high-risk patient , usually necessitates combination therapy . 
A recent study randomized 274 subjects with mild to severe hypertension ( stages 1-3 diastolic blood pressure elevation ) and confirmed the benefits of omapatrilat combined with hydrochlorothiazide in patients not controlled on hydrochlorothiazide alone . 
The frequencies of adverse events , serious adverse events , and discontinuation attributed to adverse events were similar for omapatrilat and placebo . 
Furthermore , there were no clinically significant changes in serum creatinine , potassium , or other laboratory parameters . 
Adding omapatrilat to the background of hydrochlorothiazide treatment produced statistically significant additional reductions in trough diastolic and systolic blood pressures at weeks 4 and 8 . Acid-induced pain and its modulation in humans . Design , synthesis and biological evaluation of ambenonium derivatives as AChE inhibitors . Effect of water extracts from edible myrtaceae plants on uptake of 2- ( n- ( 7-nitrobenz-2-oxa-1 , 3-diazol-4-yl ) amino ) -2-deoxyglucose in TNF-α-treated FL83B mouse hepatocytes . Diuretic effects of cannabinoids . The growing use of N-acetylaspartate as an indicator of neuronal viability has fostered interest in the biological function ( s ) of this unusual amino acid derivative . 
In considering the various physiological roles that have been proposed for this relatively abundant molecule one is obliged to take into account its unusual metabolic compartmentalization , according to which synthesis and storage occur in the neuron and hydrolytic cleavage in the oligodendrocyte . 
The latter reaction , catalyzed by aspartoacylase ( ASPA ) , produces acetyl groups plus aspartate and has been proposed to occur in both soluble and membranous subfractions of white matter . 
Our study supports such bimodal occurrence and we now present immunoblot , proteomic , and biochemical evidence that the membrane-bound form of ASPA is intrinsic to purified myelin membranes . 
This was supported by a novel TLC-based method for the assay of ASPA . 
That observation , together with previous demonstrations of numerous lipid-synthesizing enzymes in myelin , suggests utilization of acetyl groups liberated by myelin-localized ASPA for lipid synthesis within the myelin sheath . 
Such synthesis might be selective and could explain the deficit of myelin lipids in animals lacking ASPA . P21-activated kinase 4 ( PAK4 ) is required for metaphase spindle positioning and anchoring . A design of experiments to optimize a new manufacturing process for high activity protein-containing submicron particles . Gemcitabine ( dFdC , 2' , 2'-difluorodeoxycytidine ) is metabolized by cytidine deaminase ( CDA ) and deoxycytidine kinase ( DCK ) , but the contribution of genetic variation in these enzymes to the variability in systemic exposure and response observed in cancer patients is unclear . 
Wild-type enzymes and variants of CDA ( Lys27Gln and Ala70Thr ) and DCK ( Ile24Val , Ala119Gly , and Pro122Ser ) were expressed in and purified from Escherichia coli , and enzyme kinetic parameters were estimated for cytarabine ( Ara-C ) , dFdC , and its metabolite 2' , 2'-difluorodeoxyuridine ( dFdU ) as substrates . 
All three CDA proteins showed similar K ( m ) and V ( max ) for Ara-C and dFdC deamination , except for CDA70Thr , which had a 2 . 5-fold lower K ( m ) and 6-fold lower V ( max ) for Ara-C deamination . 
All four DCK proteins yielded comparable metabolic activity for Ara-C and dFdC monophosphorylation , except for DCK24Val , which demonstrated an approximately 2-fold increase ( P < 0 . 05 ) in the intrinsic clearance of dFdC monophosphorylation due to a 40% decrease in K ( m ) ( P < 0 . 05 ) . 
DCK did not significantly contribute to dFdU monophosphorylation . 
In conclusion , the Lys27Gln substitution does not significantly modulate CDA activity toward dFdC , and therefore would not contribute to interindividual variability in response to gemcitabine . 
The higher in vitro catalytic efficiency of DCK24Val toward dFdC monophosphorylation may be relevant to dFdC clinical response . 
The substrate-dependent alterations in activities of CDA70Thr and DCK24Val in vitro were observed for the first time , and demonstrate that the in vivo consequences of these genetic variations should not be extrapolated from one substrate of these enzymes to another . To response to the need for a rapid , cost-effective , eco-friendly and efficient extraction process , a sensitive method for the determination of ethylenethiourea ( ETU ) in food matrices by high-performance liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry ( HPLC-LC / MS ) was developed and validated . 
ETU was extracted from food commodities with methanol , cleaned up by alumina-SPE column , and then determined by HPLC-MS / MS . 
The MS detection was operated in positive ionization mode . 
For confirmation of target compound , two precursor ion>product ion transitions were selected by multi-reaction monitoring mode ( MRM ) . 
The method showed good linearity with correlation coefficient higher than 0 . 9950 . 
Recoveries at three spiked levels ( 10 , 50 , 100ng / g ) in random selected food matrices were in range of 71-121% with RSDs not larger than 25% . 
The limit of quantitation for the analyte was estimated at 5ng / g . BACKGROUND : The role of selenium in reducing the risk of multiple cancers has been described in the literature . 
Although reports have described the antiproliferative and pro-apoptotic function of selenium by up-regulation of genes in these pathways , information is lacking on the target mechanisms of selenium on specific genes . 
This study examines whether selenium treatment alters the methylation status of epigenetically silenced genes in prostate cancer cells . 
MATERIALS AND METHODS : Methylation of glutathione sulfotransferase pi ( GSTP1 ) and Ras associated family 1A ( RASSF1A ) genes was studied using methylation sensitive PCR ( MS-PCR ) . 
Gene expression was studied using Reverse Transcriptase PCR and Western Blotting . 
RESULTS AND CONCLUSION : Treatment of prostate cancer cells with selenium did not alter the expression of genes that were silenced by DNA methylation . 
Furthermore , the methylation status of these genes remained unaltered after treatment with seleno-DL-methionine . This study presents new important aspects in the design of contrast agents for X-ray preclinical imaging . 
The first one is a new simple formulation of long circulating contrast agents , formulated from a commercial iodinated oil , and resulting in CT contrast agents containing more than twice the iodine concentration commercial contrast agents . 
The second point is a methodological aspect , utilizing tangential filtration for reducing the residual surfactants in the bulk phase and serving as well for concentrating droplets ( and iodine ) in the suspension . 
The last point is a more general aspect regarding the influence of the free surfactant on the pharmacokinetics and biodistribution of the nano-emulsion droplets on mice . 
We showed that cross-flow filtration is efficient for concentrating the droplets and reducing the concentration of free surfactant from 10wt . 
% to 1wt . 
% , without any changes in the nano-emulsion droplet morphologies or surface properties . 
We also showed that the presence of free surfactant has a significant impact on the elimination way of the nano-emulsion droplets , shared between liver and kidneys . 
The purified nano-emulsions are preferentially eliminated by the kidneys in contrast to raw nano-emulsions , predominantly eliminated by the liver . 
In practice , for two similar suspensions , half-life decreases from 4 . 1±1 . 10h to 2 . 5±0 . 77h before and after purification . 
Since the design and development of long circulating systems are critical in numerous domains , and not for preclinical CT imaging , this study presents important results in that field , taken under a formulation and technical point of view . 1 . 
Administration of danazol for over one month reduced the levels of estrogen receptor ( ER ) and its mRNA to approximately 50 and 20% , respectively in monocytes . 
2 . 
Danazol did not alter the degradation rate of ER mRNA in monocytes . 
3 . 
Danazol decreased the transcription rate of ER gene to approximately 50% in monocytes in a run-on assay . 
4 . 
Danazol may release estrogen predominance via the reduction of transcription for ER gene , which leads to the reduction of ER mRNA and ER expressions in monocytes . Schizophrenia is a chronic debilitating mental disorder that affects about 1% of the US population . 
The pathophysiology and etiology remain unknown , thus new treatment targets have been challenging and few novel treatments with new mechanisms of action have come to market in the past few decades . 
Increasing attention has been paid to the role of inflammation in schizophrenia and new data suggests that decreasing inflammation and inflammatory biomarkers may play some role in schizophrenia treatment . 
This review summarizes the clinical trial literature regarding medications that possess anti-inflammatory properties that have been tested for schizophrenia symptoms and covers such medications as non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents , such as the cyclo-oxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) inhibitors and aspirin , omega-3 fatty acids , neurosteroids and minocycline . 
Overall , there is accumulating evidence , albeit mostly adjunctive treatments , that agents working on inflammatory pathways have some benefits in people with schizophrenia . 
In the next few years the field will begin to see data on many treatments with anti-inflammatory properties that are currently under study . 
Hopefully advancements in understanding inflammation and effective treatments having anti-inflammatory properties may help revolutionize our understanding and provide new targets for prevention and treatment in schizophrenia . 25-Hydroxyvitamin D in Obese Youth Across the Spectrum of Glucose Tolerance From Normal to Prediabetes to Type 2 Diabetes . Auranofin increases apoptosis and ischaemia-reperfusion injury in the rat isolated heart . Neuropharmacological profile of bifeprunox : merits and limitations in comparison with other third-generation antipsychotics . Peginesatide , a polyethylene glycol ( PEG ) ylated peptide-based erythropoiesis-stimulating agent , stimulates the erythropoietin receptor dimer that governs erythropoiesis . 
Studies were designed to determine the erythropoietic response , pharmacokinetics ( PK ) , tissue distribution , metabolism , and excretion of peginesatide in nonhuman primates following a single i . 
v . 
dose . 
The PK profile of peginesatide ( 0 . 1-5 mg / kg ) is characterized by low , dose-dependent plasma clearance; small volume of distribution; and long half-life . 
The peginesatide PK profile following a single i . 
v . 
dose is consistent with the sustained erythropoiesis . 
Biodistribution quantitative whole-body autoradiography demonstrated high peginesatide levels in bone marrow ( i . 
e . 
, primary hematopoietic site ) as well as other known hematopoietic sites persisting through at least 3 weeks at 2 . 1 mg / kg . 
Microautoradiography analysis at 48 hours postdose revealed uniform and high distribution of radioactivity in the bone marrow and splenic red pulp with less extensive distribution in the renal cortex ( glomeruli , associated ducts , interstitial cells ) . 
Radioactivity in the kidney was most prominent in the outer medullary and papillary interstitium . 
At 2 weeks after dosing , cumulative radioactivity recovery in the urine and feces was 60 and 7% of the administered dose , respectively , with most of the radioactivity associated with the parent molecule . 
In conclusion , the PK characteristics are consistent with a PEGylated peptide of a 45-kDa molecular mass , specifically low volume of distribution and long half-life . 
Drug was localized principally to hematopoietic sites , and nonspecific tissue retention was not observed . 
The nonhuman primate data indicate that peginesatide is metabolically stable and primarily excreted in the urine . Control of plasma cholesterol levels is a major therapeutic strategy for management of coronary artery disease ( CAD ) . 
Although reducing LDL cholesterol ( LDL-c ) levels decreases morbidity and mortality , this therapeutic intervention only translates into a 25-40% reduction in cardiovascular events . 
Epidemiological studies have shown that a high LDL-c level is not the only risk factor for CAD; low HDL cholesterol ( HDL-c ) is an independent risk factor for CAD . 
Apolipoprotein A-I ( ApoA-I ) is the major protein component of HDL-c that mediates reverse cholesterol transport from tissues to the liver for excretion . 
Therefore , increasing ApoA-I levels is an attractive strategy for HDL-c elevation . 
Using genome-wide siRNA screening , targets that regulate hepatocyte ApoA-I secretion were identified through transfection of 21 , 789 siRNAs into hepatocytes whereby cell supernatants were assayed for ApoA-I . 
Approximately 800 genes were identified and triaged using a convergence of information , including genetic associations with HDL-c levels , tissue-specific gene expression , druggability assessments , and pathway analysis . 
Fifty-nine genes were selected for reconfirmation; 40 genes were confirmed . 
Here we describe the siRNA screening strategy , assay implementation and validation , data triaging , and example genes of interest . 
The genes of interest include known and novel genes encoding secreted enzymes , proteases , G-protein-coupled receptors , metabolic enzymes , ion transporters , and proteins of unknown function . 
Repression of farnesyltransferase ( FNTA ) by siRNA and the enzyme inhibitor manumycin A caused elevation of ApoA-I secretion from hepatocytes and from transgenic mice expressing hApoA-I and cholesterol ester transfer protein transgenes . 
In total , this work underscores the power of functional genetic assessment to identify new therapeutic targets . Phase stability and elastic properties of chromium borides with various stoichiometries . Fulvestrant : a review of its use in hormone receptor-positive metastatic breast cancer in postmenopausal women with disease progression following antiestrogen therapy . The signalling pathway of Janus tyrosine Kinases-Signal Transducers and Activators of Transcription ( JAK-STAT ) is activated by a number of cytokines , hormones ( GH , erythropoietin and prolactin ) , and growth factors . 
JAK-STAT signalling is involved in regulation of cell proliferation , differentiation and apoptosis . 
These activities are due to different members of JAK-STAT family consisting of : JAK1 , JAK2 , JAK3 , Tyk2 and STAT1 , STAT2 , STAT3 , STAT4 , STAT5a , STAT5b , STAT6 . 
Recent studies suggest a key role for STAT family proteins , in particular for STAT3 , in selectively inducing and maintaining a pro-carcinogenic inflammatory microenvironment , that promote tumour cells transformation . 
Moreover , a striking correlation between cancer development / progression and STAT3 persistent activation exists , probably due to STAT3 promoting of the pro-oncogenic inflammatory pathways , like NF-kB , IL-6 and JAK family kinases . 
Recent study demonstrated that carbazoles can inhibit STAT3 mediated transcription . 
From these evidences , STAT3 represents a therapeutic target , so we have synthesized a new set of N-alkylcarbazole derivatives substituted in positions 2 , 4 and 6 , to evaluate their activity on STAT3 . 
Some of these compounds showed an interesting activity as STAT3 selective inhibitors; in particular , compounds 9a 9b and 9c revealed to inhibit the STAT3 activation for the 50% , 90% and 95% , respectively . The trypsin-like serine protease plasmin is a target for the development of antifibrinolytic drugs for use in cardiac surgery with cardiopulmonary bypass or organ transplantations to reduce excessive blood loss . 
The optimization of our recently described substrate-analogue plasmin inhibitors , which were cyclized between their P3 and P2 side chains , provided a new series with improved efficacy and excellent selectivity . 
The most potent inhibitor 8 binds to plasmin with an inhibition constant of 0 . 2 nM , whereas K ( i ) values >1 μM were determined for nearly all other tested trypsin-like serine proteases , with the exception of trypsin , which is also inhibited in the nanomolar range . 
Docking studies revealed a potential binding mode in the widely open active site of plasmin that explains the strong potency and selectivity profile of these inhibitors . 
The dialkylated piperazine-linker segment contributes to an excellent solubility of all analogues . 
Based on their overall profile the presented inhibitors are well suited for further development as injectable antifibrinolytic drugs . Characterization of arsenic induced cytotoxicity in liver with stress in erythrocytes and its reversibility with Pleurotus florida lectin . The ATPase domain of ISWI is an autonomous nucleosome remodeling machine . Sex differences in ACTH pulsatility following metyrapone blockade in patients with major depression . Agmatine and imidazoline receptors : their role in opioid analgesia , tolerance and dependence . It is well known that chronic administration of pergolide and other dopamine agonists may induce a downregulation of dopamine D2 receptors in the rat model of Parkinson's disease ( PD ) . 
To our knowledge , this effect has not been demonstrated in vivo in patients with PD . 
At present , the status of striatal dopamine D2 receptors can be studied with use of positron emission tomographic ( PET ) technology . 
Five patients with PD chronically treated with levodopa were studied with use of PET and [ 11C ] -raclopride before and after 6 months of pergolide treatment ( dose range = 4 . 5-7 . 5 mg / d ) . 
We found a slight reduction in the specific striatal [ 11C ] -raclopride uptake index ( mean reduction 14% in putamen and 9% in caudate ) after pergolide treatment . 
This reduction appears to be related to downregulation of the receptor , although competitive binding of pergolide at the D2 receptor cannot be excluded . Effect of naloxone on ischemic acute kidney injury in the mouse . The phosphoramidate nerve agent tabun inhibits butyrylcholinesterase ( BChE ) and acetylcholinesterase by making a covalent bond on the active site serine . 
The adduct loses an alkyl group in a process called aging . 
The mechanism of aging of the tabun adduct is controversial . 
Some studies claim that aging proceeds through deamination , whereas crystal structure studies show aging by O-dealkylation . 
Our goal was to develop a method that clearly distinguishes between deamination and O-dealkylation . 
We began by studying the tetraisopropyl pyrophosphoramide adduct of BChE because this adduct has two P-N bonds . 
Mass spectra showed that the P-N bonds were stable during trypsin digestion at pH 8 but were cleaved during pepsin digestion at pH 2 . 
The P-N bond in tabun was also acid labile , whereas the P-O bond was stable . 
A scheme to distinguish aging by deamination from aging by O-dealkylation was based on the acid labile P-N bond . 
BChE was inhibited with Sp- and Rp-tabun thiocholine nerve agent model compounds to make adducts identical to those of tabun with known stereochemistry . 
After aging and digestion with pepsin at pH 2 , peptide FGES198AGAAS from Sp-tabun thiocholine had a mass of 902 . 2 m / z in negative mode , indicating that it had aged by deamination , whereas peptide FGES198AGAAS from Rp-tabun thiocholine had a mass of 874 . 2 m / z in negative mode , indicating that it had aged by O-dealkylation . 
BChE inhibited by authentic , racemic tabun yielded both 902 . 2 and 874 . 2 m / z peptides , indicating that both stereoisomers reacted with BChE and aged either by deamination or dealkylation . Multidrug resistance-associated proteins are involved in the transport of the glutathione conjugates of the ultimate carcinogen of benzo [ a ] pyrene in human Caco-2 cells . Data from the literature indicate that nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( NSAIDs ) , such as indomethacin , naproxen , piroxicam , or ibuprofen , induce hair loss in vivo . 
These NSAIDs are well-known inhibitors of both the cytoprotective isoform of prostaglandin endoperoxide synthase-1 ( PGHS-1 ) and of the inducible form ( PGHS-2 ) . 
By immunohistochemical staining , we found that PGHS-1 is the main isoform present in the dermal papilla from normal human hair follicle ( either anagen or catagen ) , whereas PGHS-2 was only faintly and exclusively expressed in anagen dermal papilla . 
Thus , PGHS-1 might be the primary target of the hair growth-inhibitory effects of NSAIDs . 
We thus speculated that activation of PGHS-1 might be a mechanism by which minoxidil ( 2 , 4-diamino-6-piperidinopyrimidine-3-oxyde ) stimulates hair growth in vivo . 
We demonstrate here that minoxidil is a potent activator of purified PGHS-1 ( AC50 = 80 microM ) , as assayed by oxygen consumption and PGE2 production . 
This activation was also evidenced by increased PGE2 production by BALB / c 3T3 fibroblasts and by human dermal papilla fibroblasts in culture . 
Our findings suggest that minoxidil and its derivatives may have a cytoprotective activity in vivo and that more potent second-generation hair growth-promoting drugs might be designed , based on this mechanism . The oral ( po ) bioavailability of gemifloxacin mesylate in rats and its possible association with efflux transporters was investigated . 
The apparent permeabilities ( Papp ) of gemifloxacin across the Caco-2 cell monolayer were 1 . 20 ± 0 . 09 × 10 ( -5 ) cm / s for apical to basal ( absorptive ) transport , and 2 . 13 ± 0 . 6 × 10 ( -5 ) cm / s for basal to apical ( secretory ) transport for a 5-500 μM concentration range , suggesting the involvement of a carrier-mediated efflux in the secretory transport . 
The secretory transport in Caco-2 cells was significantly decreased by MRP2 ( MK571 ) and BCRP ( Ko143 ) inhibitors . 
The secretory transport was distinct in MDCKII / P-gp , MDCKII / MRP2 and MDCKII / BCRP cells , and the affinity was highest for MRP2 , followed by BCRP and P-gp . 
The efflux was significantly decreased by verapamil and Ko143 , but not significantly by MK571 . 
The comparative po bioavailability in rats was increased by the preadministration of Ko143 ( four-fold ) , MK571 ( two-fold ) and verapamil ( two-fold ) . 
Efflux transporters appeared to significantly limit the bioavailability of gemifloxacin in rats , suggesting their possible contribution to the low bioavailability of the drug in the human ( 70% ) . Roles of rifampicin in drug-drug interactions : underlying molecular mechanisms involving the nuclear pregnane X receptor . Comparative evaluation of oral and dermal cypermethrin exposure on antioxidant profile in Bubalus bubalis . The circadian clock circuitry and the AHR signaling pathway in physiology and pathology . Identification of a nuclear receptor for bile acids . The Rab27a effector granuphilin is specifically localized on insulin granules and is involved in their exocytosis . 
Here we show that the number of insulin granules morphologically docked to the plasma membrane is markedly reduced in granuphilin-deficient beta cells . 
Surprisingly , despite the docking defect , the exocytosis of insulin granules in response to a physiological glucose stimulus is significantly augmented , which results in increased glucose tolerance in granuphilin-null mice . 
The enhanced secretion in mutant beta cells is correlated with a decrease in the formation of the fusion-incompetent syntaxin-1a-Munc18-1 complex , with which granuphilin normally interacts . 
Furthermore , in contrast to wild-type granuphilin , its mutant that is defective in binding to syntaxin-1a fails to restore granule docking or the protein level of syntaxin-1a in granuphilin-null beta cells . 
Thus , granuphilin not only is essential for the docking of insulin granules but simultaneously imposes a fusion constraint on them through an interaction with the syntaxin-1a fusion machinery . 
These findings provide a novel paradigm for the docking machinery in regulated exocytosis . Efficient induction of apoptosis in HeLa cells by a novel cationic porphycene photosensitizer . Effect of aminooxyacetic acid on extracellular level of D-serine in rat striatum : an in vivo microdialysis study . A tetracationic perylene probe ( probe 1 ) was designed and synthesized . 
Probe 1 was used for the real-time fluorescence turn-on assay of alkaline phosphatase ( ALP ) activity and inhibitor screening . 
Probe 1 monomer fluorescence could be very efficiently quenched by ATP through the formation of an ATP / probe 1 complex . 
ALP triggered the degradation of ATP , the breakdown of the ATP / probe 1 complex , and the recovery of the probe 1 monomer fluorescence . 
In the presence of an ALP inhibitor , a decrease in fluorescence recovery was observed . 1 . 
To illuminate the controversy on alpha 1A- or alpha 1L-adrenoceptor involvement in noradrenaline-mediated contractions of rat small mesenteric artery ( SMA ) , we have studied the effects of subtype-selective alpha 1-adrenoceptor agonists and antagonists under different experimental conditions . 
2 . 
The agonist potency order in rat SMA was : A61603 >> SKF89748-A > cirazoline > noradrenaline > ST-587 > methoxamine . 
Prazosin antagonized all agonists with a low potency ( pA2 : 8 . 29-8 . 80 ) indicating the involvement of alpha 1L-rather than alpha 1A-adrenoceptors . 
3 . 
The putative alpha 1L-adrenoceptor antagonist JTH-601 , but not the alpha 1B-adrenoceptor antagonist chloroethylclonidine ( 10 microM ) antagonized noradrenaline-induced contractions of SMA . 
The potency of the selective alpha 1D-adrenoceptor antagonist BMY 7378 against noradrenaline ( pA2 = 6 . 16 + / - 0 . 13 ) and of the selective alpha 1A-adrenoceptor antagonist RS-17053 against noradrenaline ( pKB = 8 . 35 + / - 0 . 10 ) and against the selective alpha 1A-adrenoceptor agonist A-61603 ( pKB = 8 . 40 + / - 0 . 09 ) were too low to account for alpha 1D- and alpha 1A-adrenoceptor involvement . 
4 . 
The potency of RS-17053 ( pKB / pA2's = 7 . 72-8 . 46 ) was not affected by lowering temperature , changing experimental protocol or inducing myogenic tone via KCl or U46619 . 
5 . 
Selective protection of a putative alpha 1A-adrenoceptor population against the irreversible action of phenoxybenzamine also failed to increase the potency of RS-17053 ( pA2 = 8 . 25 + / - 0 . 06 against A61603 ) . 
6 . 
Combined concentration-ratio analysis demonstrated that tamsulosin , which does not discriminate between alpha 1A- and alpha 1L-adrenoceptors , and RS-17053 competed for binding at the same site in the SMA . 
7 . 
In summary , data obtained in our experiments in rat SMA indicate that the alpha 1-adrenoceptor mediating noradrenaline-induced contraction displays a distinct alpha 1L-adrenoceptor pharmacology . 
This study does not provide evidence for the hypothesis that alpha 1L-adrenoceptors represent an affinity state of the alpha 1A-adrenoceptor in functional assays . 
Furthermore , there is no co-existing alpha 1A-adrenoceptor in the SMA . Mesalamine modulates intercellular adhesion through inhibition of p-21 activated kinase-1 . X-linked dystonia parkinsonism syndrome ( XDP , lubag ) : disease-specific sequence change DSC3 in TAF1 / DYT3 affects genes in vesicular transport and dopamine metabolism . Rooibos leaves and fine stems ( Aspalathus linearis; Fabaceae ) are increasingly enjoyed as herbal tea , largely in fermented ( oxidised ) red-brown form , but also in unfermented ( unoxidised ) green form . 
Rooibos is rich in antioxidant polyphenols , with the dihydrochalcone , aspalathin , as a major active ingredient . 
We used Caenorhabditis elegans as model organism to investigate the effect of rooibos extracts against oxidative stress in vivo . 
In a high glucose environment , C . 
elegans treated with rooibos extract exhibited an extended lifespan . 
Furthermore , green rooibos was a more potent antioxidant than red rooibos , probably due to its substantially higher aspalathin content . 
In addition , rooibos decreased acute oxidative damage caused by the superoxide anion radical generator , juglone , with aspalathin playing a major role in improving the survival rate of C . 
elegans . 
Quantitative real-time PCR results demonstrated that aspalathin targets stress and ageing related genes , reducing the endogenous intracellular level of ROS . 
These findings suggest that rooibos increases stress resistance and promotes longevity under stress , probably mediated via a regulation of the DAF-16 / FOXO insulin-like signalling pathway , supporting some of the health claims put forward for rooibos tea . The action of piperine ( the pungent component of pepper ) and its derivative SCT-66 ( ( 2E , 4E ) -5- ( 1 , 3-benzodioxol-5-yl ) ) -N , N-diisobutyl-2 , 4-pentadienamide ) on different gamma-aminobutyric acid ( GABA ) type A ( GABAA ) receptors , transient-receptor-potential-vanilloid-1 ( TRPV1 ) receptors and behavioral effects were investigated . 
GABAA receptor subtypes and TRPV1 receptors were expressed in Xenopus laevis oocytes . 
Modulation of GABA-induced chloride currents ( IGABA ) by piperine and SCT-66 and activation of TRPV1 was studied using the two-microelectrode-voltage-clamp technique and fast perfusion . 
Their effects on explorative behavior , thermoregulation and seizure threshold were analyzed in mice . 
Piperine acted with similar potency on all GABAA receptor subtypes ( EC50 range : 42 . 8±7 . 6μM ( α2β2 ) -59 . 6±12 . 3μM ( α3β2 ) ) . 
IGABA modulation by piperine did not require the presence of a γ2S-subunit , suggesting a binding site involving only α and β subunits . 
IGABA activation was slightly more efficacious on receptors formed from β2 / 3 subunits ( maximal IGABA stimulation through α1β3 receptors : 332±64% and α1β2 : 271±36% vs . 
α1β1 : 171±22% , p<0 . 05 ) and α3-subunits ( α3β2 : 375±51% vs . 
α5β2 : 136±22% , p<0 . 05 ) . 
Replacing the piperidine ring by a N-di-isobutyl residue ( SCT-66 ) prevents interactions with TRPV1 and simultaneously increases the potency and efficiency of GABAA receptor modulation . 
SCT-66 displayed greater efficacy on GABAA receptors than piperine , with different subunit-dependence . 
Both compounds induced anxiolytic , anticonvulsant effects and reduced locomotor activity; however , SCT-66 induced stronger anxiolysis without decreasing body temperature and without the proconvulsive effects of TRPV1 activation and thus may serve as a scaffold for the development of novel GABAA receptor modulators . Cigarette smoke is the major cause of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( COPD ) , yet pathogenic mechanisms are not fully understood . 
Vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) is one of the major regulators of endothelial cell survival and is believed to play a role in the pathogenesis of COPD . 
Fibroblasts are a significant source of VEGF in the lungs; however the effect of cigarette smoke exposure on VEGF release by fibroblasts is not fully understood . 
We hypothesized that cigarette smoke-induced disturbed VEGF release by human lung fibroblasts is a potential pathogenic mechanism that could contribute to COPD . 
Cigarette smoke extract ( CSE ) was prepared by modification of the methods of Carp and Janoff ( American Review of Respiratory Disease , 1978 ) . 
Human fetal lung fibroblasts ( HFL-1 ) were exposed to different concentrations of CSE and for different durations . 
VEGF release into the media was measured using ELISA . 
TGF-β1 receptor ( TβR1 ) / Smad3 as a potential pathway for CSE modulated VEGF release was also investigated using biochemical analyses and siRNA inhibition of Smad3 and siRNA and pharmacologic inhibition of TβR1 . 
CSE induced VEGF release by HFL-1 in concentration and time dependent manner . 
This was confirmed in two additional types of primary human fetal lung fibroblasts . 
CSE induced Smad3 phosphorylation and nuclear translocation in HFL-1 cells . 
Silencing of Smad3 by siRNA not only eliminated the stimulatory effect of CSE on VEGF release but also inhibited baseline VEGF production . 
Suppression of TβR1 by the pharmacological inhibitor ( SB431542 ) markedly reduced VEGF release by HFL-1 in response to CSE and this effect was confirmed by TβR1 siRNA . 
In contrast , nicotine inhibited VEGF release by HFL-1 in a dose and time dependent manner . 
Our findings indicate that CSE stimulates Smad3-mediated VEGF release by lung fibroblasts . 
Nicotine does not account for the CSE stimulation of VEGF in HFL-1 . 
The ability of lung fibroblasts to produce VEGF may play a role in pathogenesis of cigarette smoke induced lung disease . Synthesis , quantitative structure-activity relationship and biological evaluation of 1 , 3 , 4-oxadiazole derivatives possessing diphenylamine moiety as potential anticancer agents . Recombinant interleukin-2 ( IL-2 ) ( aldesleukin , Proleukin , Chiron , Emeryville , CA ) is approved for treatment of cancer patients and under investigation in HIV-infected individuals . 
However , treatment with aldesleukin is associated with toxicity , which may be due to its elicitation of inflammatory mediators from cells that express the intermediate-affinity IL-2 receptor . 
BAY 50-4798 , a novel IL-2 analog , is a selective agonist for the high-affinity receptor . 
It induces the proliferation of activated T cells with a potency similar to that of aldesleukin but has reduced activity on cells expressing the intermediate-affinity receptor . 
In the current study , we compared cytokine responses elicited in peripheral blood mononuclear cell ( PBMC ) cultures stimulated with BAY 50-4798 or aldesleukin . 
BAY 50-4798 induced approximately 5-fold lower mean levels of endogenous IL-2 than aldesleukin , and at least 50% lower levels of proinflammatory cytokines , such as tumor necrosis fctor-alpha ( TNF-alpha ) , IL-1beta , IL-6 , and interferon-gamma ( IFN-gamma ) . 
Furthermore , statistically significant reductions in the levels of IL-5 , IL-8 , IL-10 , IL-13 , and granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor ( GM-CSF ) were observed in response to BAY 50-4798 . 
These findings increase our understanding of the biologic action of BAY 50-4798 and suggest a mechanism by which it may exhibit better safety than aldesleukin in humans . Portal vein glucose entry triggers a coordinated cellular response that potentiates hepatic glucose uptake and storage in normal but not high-fat / high-fructose-fed dogs . Rilpivirine and etravirine are second generation non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors approved recently by the United States Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus-1 infection . 
Pregnane X receptor ( PXR ) is a member of the superfamily of nuclear receptors that regulate the expression of various genes controlling diverse biological functions . 
The present study investigated the effects of rilpivirine and etravirine on the activity of human PXR ( hPXR ) , including the mode of activation , and compared them to those of efavirenz , nevirapine , and delavirdine , which are first generation non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors . 
In transiently transfected HepG2 cells , rilpivirine , etravirine , and efavirenz , but not nevirapine or delavirdine , activated human , mouse , and rat PXR . 
Results from mechanistic studies indicated that rilpivirine , etravirine , and efavirenz , but not nevirapine or delavirdine , bound to the ligand-binding domain of hPXR , as assessed by a transactivation assay and by a competitive ligand-binding assay using time-resolved fluorescence resonance energy transfer; triggered nuclear translocation of a green fluorescence protein-tagged hPXR , as visualized by confocal imaging; and recruited steroid receptor coactivator-1 ( SRC-1 ) , SRC-2 , and SRC-3 to hPXR , as demonstrated by mammalian two-hybrid assays . 
Rilpivirine , etravirine , and efavirenz , but not nevirapine or delavirdine , increased hPXR target gene ( CYP3A4 ) expression in primary cultures of human hepatocytes . 
In summary , select non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors activated human and rodent PXR . 
Rilpivirine , etravirine , and efavirenz , but not nevirapine or delavirdine , were identified as agonists of hPXR , as assessed in mechanistic experiments , and inducers of CYP3A4 , as determined in primary cultures of human hepatocytes . Folic acid plays a key role in the maintenance of genomic stability , providing methyl groups for the conversion of uracil to thymine and for DNA methylation . 
Besides dietary habits , folic acid metabolism is influenced by genetic polymorphism . 
The C677T polymorphism of the methylene-tetrahydrofolate reductase ( MTHFR ) gene is associated with a reduction of catalytic activity and is suggested to modify cancer risk differently depending on folate status . 
In this work the effect of folic acid deficiency on genome stability and radiosensitivity has been investigated in cultured lymphocytes of 12 subjects with different MTHFR genotype ( four for each genotype ) . 
Cells were grown for 9 days with 12 , 24 and 120 nM folic acid and analyzed in a comprehensive micronucleus test coupled with centromere characterization by CREST immunostaining . 
In other experiments , cells were grown with various folic acid concentrations , irradiated with 0 . 5 Gy of gamma rays and analyzed in the micronucleus test . 
The results obtained indicate that folic acid deficiency induces to a comparable extent chromosome loss and breakage , irrespective of the MTHFR genotype . 
The effect of folic acid was highly significant ( P < 0 . 001 ) and explained >50% of variance of both types of micronuclei . 
Also nucleoplasmic bridges and buds were significantly increased under low folate supply; the increase in bridges was mainly observed in TT cells , highlighting a significant effect of the MTHFR genotype ( P = 0 . 006 ) on this biomarker . 
Folic acid concentration significantly affected radiation-induced micronuclei ( P < 0 . 001 ) : the increased incidence of radiation-induced micronuclei with low folic acid was mainly accounted for by carriers of the variant MTHFR allele ( both homozygotes and heterozygotes ) , but the overall effect of genotype did not attain statistical significance . 
Treatment with ionizing radiations also increased the frequency of nucleoplasmic bridges . 
The effect of folic acid level on this end-point was modulated by the MTHFR genotype ( P for interaction = 0 . 02 ) , with TT cells grown at low folic acid concentration apparently resistant to the induction of radiation-induced bridges . 
Finally , the effect of in vitro folate deprivation on global DNA methylation was evaluated in lymphocytes of six homozygous subjects ( three CC and three TT ) . 
The results obtained suggest that , under the conditions of this work , folic acid deprivation is associated with global DNA hypermethylation . Mitiglinide ( KAD-1229 ) , a new anti-diabetic drug , is thought to stimulate insulin secretion by closing the ATP-sensitive K + ( K ( ATP ) ) channels in pancreatic beta-cells . 
However , its selectivity for the various K ( ATP ) channels is not known . 
In this study , we examined the effects of mitiglinide on various cloned K ( ATP ) channels ( Kir6 . 2 / SUR1 , Kir6 . 2 / SUR2A , and Kir6 . 2 / SUR2B ) reconstituted in COS-1 cells , and compared them to another meglitinide-related compound , nateglinide . 
Patch-clamp analysis using inside-out recording configuration showed that mitiglinide inhibits the Kir6 . 2 / SUR1 channel currents in a dose-dependent manner ( IC50 value , 100 nM ) but does not significantly inhibit either Kir6 . 2 / SUR2A or Kir6 . 2 / SUR2B channel currents even at high doses ( more than 10 microM ) . 
Nateglinide inhibits Kir6 . 2 / SUR1 and Kir6 . 2 / SUR2B channels at 100 nM , and inhibits Kir6 . 2 / SUR2A channels at high concentrations ( 1 microM ) . 
Binding experiments on mitiglinide , nateglinide , and repaglinide to SUR1 expressed in COS-1 cells revealed that they inhibit the binding of [ 3H ] glibenclamide to SUR1 ( IC50 values : mitiglinide , 280 nM; nateglinide , 8 microM; repaglinide , 1 . 6 microM ) , suggesting that they all share a glibenclamide binding site . 
The insulin responses to glucose , mitiglinide , tolbutamide , and glibenclamide in MIN6 cells after chronic mitiglinide , nateglinide , or repaglinide treatment were comparable to those after chronic tolbutamide and glibenclamide treatment . 
These results indicate that , similar to the sulfonylureas , mitiglinide is highly specific to the Kir6 . 2 / SUR1 complex , i . 
e . 
, the pancreatic beta-cell K ( ATP ) channel , and suggest that mitiglinide may be a clinically useful anti-diabetic drug . The tricyclic anticonvulsant drugs phenytoin , carbamazepine , and lamotrigine block neuronal voltage-gated Na ( + ) channels , and their binding sites to domain IV-S6 in the channel's inner pore overlap with those of local anesthetic drugs . 
These anticonvulsants are neutral , in contrast to the mostly positively charged local anesthetics , but their open / inactivated-state blocking affinities are similar . 
Using a model of the open pore of the Na ( + ) channel that we developed by homology with the crystal structures of potassium channels , we have docked these three anticonvulsants with residues identified by mutagenesis as important for their binding energy . 
The three drugs show a common pharmacophore , including an aromatic ring that has an aromatic-aromatic interaction with Tyr-1771 of Na ( V ) 1 . 2 and a polar amide or imide that interacts with the aromatic ring of Phe-1764 by a low-energy amino-aromatic hydrogen bond . 
The second aromatic ring is nearly at a right angle to the pharmacophore and fills the pore lumen , probably interacting with the other S6 segments and physically occluding the inner pore to block Na ( + ) permeation . 
Hydrophobic interactions with this second aromatic ring may contribute an important component to binding for anticonvulsants , which compensates energetically for the absence of positive charge in their structures . 
Voltage dependence of block , their important therapeutic property , results from their interaction with Phe-1764 , which connects them to the voltage sensors . 
Their use dependence is modest and this results from being neutral , with a fast drug off-rate after repolarization , allowing a normal action potential rate in the presence of the drugs . This study tested the time course of the discriminative stimulus effects of inhibitors of monoamine oxidase alone or in combination with cocaine . 
Male Sprague-Dawley rats were trained to discriminate cocaine ( 10 mg / kg , intraperitoneal ) from saline using a two-lever choice methodology . 
The nonselective monoamine oxidase inhibitors tranylcypromine ( 0 . 01-5 mg / kg ) and phenelzine ( 1-25 mg / kg ) , the monoamine oxidase-A selective compound clorgyline ( 1-25 mg / kg ) , and the monoamine oxidase-B selective compounds pargyline ( 0 . 005-50 mg / kg ) and selegiline ( 1-25 mg / kg ) were tested for substitution 15 min or 24 h following administration , and in combination with 10 mg / kg of cocaine 24 and 48 h after administration . 
At 15 min , selegiline fully substituted for the discriminative stimulus effects of cocaine , whereas all other compounds partially substituted . 
At 24 h , substitution of cocaine was diminished for all compounds except phenelzine , which produced a greater amount of substitution at 24 h than at 15 min . 
When cocaine was administered 24 h after clorgyline , selegiline , pargyline , and phenelzine , cocaine-appropriate responding was attenuated at intermediate doses of these drugs , whereas the highest doses did not alter cocaine-lever responding . 
All compounds except selegiline substantially decreased response rate and produced various adverse effects . 
At 48 h , the effects of all compounds except phenelzine were markedly reduced . 
Selectivity for monoamine oxidase-A or monoamine oxidase-B did not predict the ability to substitute for or attenuate the subjective effects of cocaine . 
These findings suggest that monoamine oxidase inhibitors can modulate the discriminative stimulus effects of cocaine for at least 24 h , and may be useful for treatment of cocaine abuse . A combined pharmacological and genetic approach was undertaken to investigate the contribution of endogenous dopamine to the motor actions of nociceptin / orphanin FQ ( N / OFQ ) receptor ( NOP receptor ) ligands . 
Motor activity was evaluated by a battery of behavioural tests in mice . 
The involvement of the various DA receptor subtypes in the motor effects of N / OFQ and NOP receptor antagonists was evaluated pharmacologically , using D1 / D5 ( SCH23390 ) , D2 / D3 ( raclopride , amisulpride ) and D3 ( S33084 ) receptor antagonists , and by using D2 receptor knockout mice . 
Low doses of N / OFQ and NOP receptor antagonists promoted movement whereas higher doses inhibited it . 
Motor facilitation was selectively prevented by raclopride while motor inhibition was prevented by amisulpride . 
Amisulpride also attenuated the hypolocomotion induced by the D2 / D3 receptor agonist pramipexole and dopamine precursor L-3 , 4-dihydroxyphenylalanine , whereas raclopride ( and S33084 ) worsened it . 
To dissect out the contribution of pre- and postsynaptic D2 receptors , mice lacking the D2 receptor ( D2R ( - / - ) ) or its long isoform ( D2L ( - / - ) ) were used . 
Motor facilitation induced by N / OFQ and NOP receptor antagonists was lost in D2R ( - / - ) and D2L ( - / - ) mice whereas motor inhibition induced by NOP receptor antagonists ( and pramipexole ) was lost in D2R ( - / - ) but preserved in D2L ( - / - ) mice . 
N / OFQ-induced hypolocomotion was observed in both genotypes . 
We demonstrate that motor actions of NOP receptor ligands rely on the modulation of endogenous dopamine . 
Motor facilitation induced by NOP receptor antagonists as well as low dose N / OFQ is mediated through D2L postsynaptic receptors whereas motor inhibition observed with higher doses of N / OFQ occurs by direct inhibition of mesencephalic DA neurons . 
Motor inhibition seen with high doses of NOP receptor antagonists appears to be mediated through the D2 presynaptic autoreceptors . 
These data confirm that endogenous N / OFQ is a powerful modulator of dopamine transmission in vivo and that the effects of NOP receptor antagonists on motor function reflect the blockade of this endogenous N / OFQ tone . Neurotrophins , the cognate ligands for the Trk receptors , are homodimers and induce Trk dimerization through a symmetric bivalent mechanism . 
We report here that amitriptyline , an antidepressant drug , directly binds TrkA and TrkB and triggers their dimerization and activation . 
Amitriptyline , but not any other tricyclic or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor antidepressants , promotes TrkA autophosphorylation in primary neurons and induces neurite outgrowth in PC12 cells . 
Amitriptyline binds the extracellular domain of both TrkA and TrkB and promotes TrkA-TrkB receptor heterodimerization . 
Truncation of amitriptyline binding motif on TrkA abrogates the receptor dimerization by amitriptyline . 
Administration of amitriptyline to mice activates both receptors and significantly reduces kainic acid-triggered neuronal cell death . 
Inhibition of TrkA , but not TrkB , abolishes amitriptyline's neuroprotective effect without impairing its antidepressant activity . 
Thus , amitriptyline acts as a TrkA and TrkB agonist and possesses marked neurotrophic activity . Non-small cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) cells have constitutively high expression of cytosolic phospholipase A2 ( cPLA2 ) and cyclooxygenase ( COX ) 2 . 
These NSCLC cells also have increased prostaglandin expression ( PGE2 ) . 
Many lung cancers also express 12-lipoxygenase RNA and 12-lipoxygenase protein and biosynthesize 12 ( S ) -hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid , which correlates with their metastatic potential . 
Several studies have demonstrated that COX-1 and COX-2 inhibitors could inhibit the in vitro growth of human lung cancer cell lines . 
In this report , we evaluated the growth-inhibitory effects of sulindac sulfide , a COX-1 and COX-2 inhibitor; exisulind ( sulindac sulfone ) , a novel proapoptotic agent that does not inhibit COX enzymes; and nordihydroguaiaretic acid ( NDGA ) , a lipoxygenase inhibitor on human lung cancer cell lines . 
We compared these effects with those of 13-cis-retinoic acid , a chemoprevention agent , and with the cytotoxic chemotherapeutic agents paclitaxel and cisplatin , alone or in combination . 
Our goal was to develop new chemoprevention and treatment strategies . 
Each of the six agents tested inhibited the in vitro growth of three NSCLC and three SCLC cell lines at the highest concentration . 
Paclitaxel was the most potent agent ( IC50 = 0 . 003-0 . 150 microM ) ; sulindac sulfide , NDGA , and 13-cis-retinoic acid had intermediate potency ( IC50 = 4-80 microM ) , and cisplatin and exisulind were the least potent ( IC50 = 150-500 microM ) . 
Combination studies showed synergistic interactions for sulindac sulfide , exisulind , and NDGA with paclitaxel , cisplatin , and 13-cis-retinoic acid , regardless of drug-resistance phenotype . 
At high concentrations , the combination of 13-cis-retinoic acid and each of the five other drugs resulted in a strong synergistic effect . 
These studies provide a rationale for chemoprevention ( exisulind + / - retinoic acid + / - NDGA ) and therapeutic ( exisulind + / - paclitaxel + / - cisplatin ) studies in patients at risk for , or with , lung cancer . CollagenQ ( ColQ ) is a specific collagen that anchors acetylcholinesterase ( AChE ) in the synaptic basal lamina of the neuromuscular junction ( NMJ ) . 
Over 30 mutations in the COLQ gene have been identified that are responsible for a congenital myasthenic syndrome with AChE deficiency , highlighting the importance of this collagen in the physiology of the NMJ . 
The anchoring of AChE at the synapse requires the interaction of ColQ with MuSK ( Muscle-Specific Kinase ) , a tyrosine kinase expressed on the muscle membrane that is necessary for the formation and the maintenance of the NMJ . 
MuSK forms with its co-receptor LRP4 , a member of the Low-density Related Protein family , a receptor complex for agrin and Wnts , representing the core system from which the postsynaptic domain is built , the growth cone attracted and the presynaptic element instructed for some aspects of its differentiation . 
Therefore , the discovery that ColQ binds to MuSK prompted us to study a possible regulatory function of ColQ during NMJ development . 
In this review , after a brief survey on ColQ , we summarize our recent data demonstrating that ColQ , in addition to its anchoring role , exerts signaling functions and controls some aspects of postsynaptic differentiation such as the clustering of acetylcholine receptors . 
Our results also strengthen the hypothesis that the defects observed in synaptic congenital myasthenic syndromes might be linked , at least in part , to alterations of ColQ signaling functions and not only to AChE deficiency . 
Finally , we discuss future research directions to understand how ColQ may modulate the action of the other ligands of the MuSK / LRP4 complex and cooperate with them to coordinate the different steps of NMJ formation and maintenance . Vitamin A deficiency leads to focal metaplasia of numerous epithelial tissues with altered differentiation from columnar ( in general ) to stratified squamous cells . 
This process can be reversed with vitamin A repletion . 
Previously , we described a system of retinoic acid ( RA ) synthesis in the cycling rat uterus consisting of cellular retinol binding protein ( Crbp ) , epithelial retinol dehydrogenase ( eRoldh ) , retinal dehydrogenase 2 ( Aldh1a2 ) , and cellular retinoic acid binding protein type II ( Crabp2 ) . 
Western blot analysis , RT-PCR , and immunohistochemistry were performed to test whether this retinoic acid synthesis system was also present in other vitamin A sensitive tissues . 
We found that combinations of Crbp , eRoldh , Aldh1a2 or Aldh1a3 , and Crabp2 were present in all vitamin A sensitive tissues examined . 
In the ureter , while eRoldh was present , another short chain alcohol dehydrogenase reductase ( possibly Roldh 1 , 2 , or 3 ) was in higher concentration in the transitional epithelia . 
In several tissues , Crbp , Aldh1a2 , and / or Aldh1a3 localized to mesenchyme and / or epithelial cells , while eRoldh and Crabp2 were expressed only in epithelial cells . 
This suggests that mesenchymal-epithelial interactions may be as important in the adult as they are during development and that local synthesis of RA is important in maintenance of these tissues . Mechanisms of Pharmacokinetic Enhancement Between Ritonavir and Saquinavir; Micro / Small Dosing Tests Using Midazolam ( CYP3A4 ) , Fexofenadine ( p-Glycoprotein ) , and Pravastatin ( OATP1B1 ) as Probe Drugs . Therapeutic oral anticoagulation is still commonly achieved by administration of warfarin or other vitamin K antagonists that are associated with an untoward pharmacokinetic / pharmacodynamic ( PK / PD ) profile leading to a high incidence of bleeding complications or therapeutic failure . 
Hence , there is an unmet medical need of novel easy-to-use oral anticoagulants with improved efficacy and safety . 
Recent developments include the identification of non-peptidic small-molecules that selectively inhibit certain serine proteases within the coagulation cascade . 
Of these , the thrombin inhibitor dabigatran and factor Xa inhibitor rivaroxaban have recently been licensed for thromboprophylaxis after orthopaedic surgery mainly in Europe . 
In addition , the factor Xa inhibitor apixaban is in late-stage clinical development . 
Each drug is prescribed at fixed doses without the need of anticoagulant monitoring . 
Phase III trials in orthopaedic patients essentially resulted in non-inferior efficacy of dabigatran and superior efficacy of rivaroxaban over enoxaparin without any marked differences of drug safety , while apixaban data is still controversial . 
However , alterations of rivaroxaban and apixaban pharmacokinetics upon interactions with inhibitors and inducers of CYP3A4 or P-glycoprotein may complicate the use of these compounds in daily practice , whereas dabigatran elimination largely depends on renal function . 
Hence , this review reports PK / PD , efficacy and safety data of dabigatran , rivaroxaban and apixaban throughout preclinical and clinical development . A series of studies have recently demonstrated that the release of interleukin 1β induced by monosodium urate crystals is central to the experimental gouty arthritis . 
Elaeagnus pungens has been traditionally used for the treatment of gouty arthritis in China for more than thousands years . 
However , there is still little known about the active ingredients and mechanisms of E . 
pungens against gouty arthritis . 
Emodinol , as a major triterpene compound in E . 
pungens , has been seldom reported to have an effect on gouty arthritis . 
Therefore , the potential beneficial effects and mechanisms of emodinol on gouty arthritis were investigated in this study . 
Results showed that it significantly ameliorated the hyperalgesia , inflammation , and levels of multiple proinflammatory cytokines in monosodium urate crystals-treated mice . 
These findings elucidate that emodinol exhibits a prominent effect on improving symptoms of acute gouty arthritis induced by monosodium urate crystals through inhibiting the generation of proinflammatory cytokines . Hungry bone syndrome : still a challenge in the post-operative management of primary hyperparathyroidism : a systematic review of the literature . Discovery of potent , selective multidrug and toxin extrusion transporter 1 ( MATE1 , SLC47A1 ) inhibitors through prescription drug profiling and computational modeling . Mechanism of organophosphates ( nerve gases and pesticides ) and antidotes : electron transfer and oxidative stress . A diarylheptanoid phytoestrogen from Curcuma comosa , 1 , 7-diphenyl-4 , 6-heptadien-3-ol , accelerates human osteoblast proliferation and differentiation . To improve the potency of 2-pralidoxime ( 2-PAM ) for treating organophosphate poisoning , we dimerized 2-PAM and its analogs according to Wilson's pioneering work and the 3D structure of human acetylcholinesterase ( hAChE ) inactivated by isoflurophate . 
1 , 7-Heptylene-bis-N , N'-syn-2-pyridiniumaldoxime , the most potent of the alkylene-linked dimeric reactivators , was readily synthesized using bistriflate and is 100 times more potent than 2-PAM in reactivating hAChE poisoned by isoflurophate . 
Experimental and computational studies confirm that 2-PAM in its biologically active form adopts the syn-I configuration . 
Further , they suggest that the improved performance of dimeric oximes is conferred by two-site binding with one oxime pointing toward the diisopropyl ester at the catalytic site of hAChE and the other anchored at the peripheral site . 
This type of binding may induce a conformational change in the acyl pocket loop which modulates the catalytic site via a domino effect . Environmental substances seem to be involved in the etiology of breast cancers . 
Many studies have found an association between human cancer and exposure to agricultural pesticides such as the organophosphorous pesticides . 
Parathion is a cholinesterase inhibitor that induces the hydrolysis of body choline esters , including acetylcholine at cholinergic synapses . 
The primary target of action in insects is the nervous system whereby pesticides inhibit the release of the enzyme acetylcholinesterase at the synaptic junction . 
Atropine is a parasympatholytic alkaloid used as an antidote to acetylcholinesterase inhibitors . 
The aim of this study was to determine the effect of parathion and atropine on cell transformation of human breast epithelial cells in vitro . 
These studies showed that parathion alone was able to induce malignant transformation of an immortalized human breast epithelial cell line , MCF-10F as indicated by increased cell proliferation , anchorage independency and invasive capabilities . 
There was also an increase in c-kit , Trio , Rho-A , Rac-3 , EGFR , Notch-4 , Dvl-2 , Ezrin , beta catenin and mutant p53 protein expression in the parathion-treated cells . 
However , atropine significantly inhibited this increase . 
In a human cell cycle array of 96 genes , 13 of them were altered by parathion treatment . 
Among the genes affected were the cyclins , such as cyclin D3 , the cyclin-dependent kinases ( CDKs ) such as CDK41 and the minichromosome maintenance deficient ( MCM ) MCM2 and MCM3 . 
It is suggested that parathion influences human breast epithelial cell transformation and is an initiator factor in the transformation process in breast cancer . We have used homology modelling , based on the crystal structure of the human glutathione S-transferase ( GST ) A1-1 , to obtain the three-dimensional structures of rat GSTA3 and rat GSTA5 subunits bound to S-aflatoxinyl-glutathione . 
The resulting models highlight two residues , at positions 208 and 108 , that could be important for determining , either directly or indirectly , substrate specificity for aflatoxin-exo-8 , 9-epoxide among the Alpha-class GSTs . 
Residues at these positions were mutated in human GSTA1-1 ( Met-208 , Leu-108 ) , rat GSTA3-3 ( Glu-208 , His-108 ) and rat GSTA5-5 ( Asp-208 , Tyr-108 ) : in the active rat GSTA5-5 to those in the inactive GSTA1-1; and in the inactive human GSTA1-1 and rat GSTA3-3 to those in the active rat GSTA5-5 . 
These studies show clearly that , in all three GSTs , an aspartate residue at position 208 is a prerequisite for high activity in aflatoxin-exo-8 , 9-epoxide conjugation , although this alone is not sufficient; other residues in the vicinity , particularly residues 103-112 , are important , perhaps for the optimal orientation of the aflatoxin-exo-8 , 9-epoxide in the active site for catalysis to occur . Fibroblast growth factor overexpressing breast carcinoma cells as models of angiogenesis and metastasis . Torpedo acetylcholinesterase ( AcChoEase , EC 3 . 1 . 1 . 7 ) and human butyrylcholinesterase ( BtChoEase , EC 3 . 1 . 1 . 8 ) , while clearly differing in substrate specificity and sensitivity to inhibitors , possess 53% sequence homology; this permitted modeling human BtChoEase on the basis of the three-dimensional structure of Torpedo AcChoEase . 
The modeled BtChoEase structure closely resembled that of AcChoEase in overall features . 
However , six conserved aromatic residues that line the active-site gorge , which is a prominent feature of the AcChoEase structure , are absent in BtChoEase . 
Modeling showed that two such residues , Phe-288 and Phe-290 , replaced by leucine and valine , respectively , in BtChoEase , may prevent entrance of butyrylcholine into the acyl-binding pocket . 
Their mutation to leucine and valine in AcChoEase , by site-directed mutagenesis , produced a double mutant that hydrolyzed butyrylthiocholine almost as well as acetylthiocholine . 
The mutated enzyme was also inhibited well by the bulky , BtChoEase-selective organophosphate inhibitor ( tetraisopropylpyrophosphoramide , iso-OMPA ) . 
Trp-279 , at the entrance of the active-site gorge in AcChoEase , is absent in BtChoEase . 
Modeling designated it as part of the "peripheral" anionic site , which is lacking in BtChoEase . 
The mutant W279A displayed strongly reduced inhibition by the peripheral site-specific ligand propidium relative to wild-type Torpedo AcChoEase , whereas inhibition by the catalytic-site inhibitor edrophonium was unaffected . OBJECTIVE : This randomized , double-blind study tested the hypothesis that rofecoxib , a drug that specifically inhibits cyclooxygenase 2 , would cause fewer gastroduodenal ulcers than ibuprofen ( in a multicenter trial ) , and its side effects would be equivalent to those of placebo ( in a prespecified analysis combining the results with another trial of identical design ) . 
METHODS : Seven hundred seventy-five patients with osteoarthritis were randomized to receive rofecoxib at a dosage of 25 mg or 50 mg once daily , ibuprofen 800 mg 3 times daily , or placebo . 
Gastroduodenal ulceration was assessed by endoscopy at 6 , 12 , and ( for active treatment ) 24 weeks . 
The primary and secondary end points were the incidence of gastroduodenal ulcers at 12 and 24 weeks , respectively . 
RESULTS : Ulcers were significantly less common ( P < 0 . 001 ) following treatment with rofecoxib ( 25 mg or 50 mg ) than with ibuprofen after 12 weeks ( 5 . 3% and 8 . 8% versus 29 . 2% , respectively ) or 24 weeks ( 9 . 9% and 12 . 4% versus 46 . 8% , respectively ) . 
In the combined analysis , the 12-week ulcer incidence with 25 mg rofecoxib ( 4 . 7% ) and with placebo ( 7 . 3% ) satisfied prespecified criteria for equivalence . 
CONCLUSION : At 2-4 times the therapeutically effective dose , rofecoxib caused fewer endoscopically detected ulcers than did ibuprofen . 
Rofecoxib at a dose of 25 mg ( the highest dose recommended for osteoarthritis ) satisfied prespecified criteria for equivalence to placebo . Previous studies have shown that glutathione S-transferases ( GSTs ) can operate in synergy with efflux transporters , multi-drug resistance proteins ( MRPs ) , to confer resistance to several carcinogens , mutagens and anticancer drugs . 
To address the poorly documented role of the GSTM1 in cancer chemoresistance , we used CAL1 human melanoma cells expressing no endogenous GSTM1 and a high level of MRP1 . 
Cells were transfected with an expression vector containing the GSTM1 cDNA , and different clones were selected expressing different levels of GSTM1 ( RT-PCR , Western blot , and enzyme activity ) . 
Cells overexpressing GSTM1 displayed a 3- to 4-fold increase in resistance to anticancer drugs vincristine ( VCR ) and chlorambucil ( CHB ) in proliferation , cytotoxic , and clonogenic survival assays . 
Inhibitors of MRP1 ( sulfinpyrazone , verapamil ) and GST ( dicumarol , curcumin ) completely reversed the GSTM1-associated resistance to VCR , indicating that a MRP efflux function is necessary to potentiate GSTM1-mediated resistance to VCR . 
Conversely , MRP1 inhibitors had no effect on the sensitivity to CHB . 
Using immunofluorescence assay , GSTM1 was also shown to protect microtubule network integrity from VCR-induced inhibition of microtubule polymerization . 
In conclusion , these results show that GSTM1 alone is involved in melanoma resistance to CHB , whereas it can act in synergy with MRP1 to protect cells from toxic effects of VCR . Comparison of orientation and rotational motion of skeletal muscle cross-bridges containing phosphorylated and dephosphorylated myosin regulatory light chain . Propeptides of the vitamin K-dependent proteins bind to an exosite on gamma-glutamyl carboxylase; while they are bound , multiple glutamic acids in the gamma-carboxyglutamic acid ( Gla ) domain are carboxylated . 
The role of the propeptides has been studied extensively; however , the role of the Gla domain in substrate binding is less well understood . 
We used kinetic and fluorescence techniques to investigate the interactions of the carboxylase with a substrate containing the propeptide and Gla domain of factor IX ( FIXproGla41 ) . 
In addition , we characterized the effect of the Gla domain and carboxylation on propeptide and substrate binding . 
For the propeptide of factor IX ( proFIX18 ) , FIXproGla41 , and carboxylated FIXproGla41 , the Kd values were 50 , 2 . 5 , and 19 . 7 nM and the koff values were 273 x 10 ( -5 ) , 9 x 10 ( -5 ) , and 37 x 10 ( -5 ) s ( -1 ) , respectively . 
The koff of proFIX18 is reduced 3-fold by FLEEL and 9-fold by the Gla domain ( residues 1-46 ) of FIX . 
The pre-steady state rate constants for carboxylation of FIXproGla41 was 0 . 02 s ( -1 ) in enzyme excess and 0 . 016 s ( -1 ) in substrate excess . 
The steady state rate in substrate excess is 4 . 5 x 10 ( -4 ) s ( -1 ) . 
These results demonstrate the following . 
1 ) The pre-steady state carboxylation rate constant of FIXproGla41 is significantly slower than that of FLEEL . 
2 ) The Gla domain plays an allosteric role in substrate-enzyme interactions . 
3 ) Carboxylation reduces the allosteric effect . 
4 ) The similarity between the steady state carboxylation rate constant and product dissociation rate constant suggests that product release is rate-limiting . 
5 ) The increased dissociation rate after carboxylation contributes to the release of product . Snake ( Walterinnesia aegyptia ) venom-loaded silica nanoparticles induce apoptosis and growth arrest in human prostate cancer cells . 1 . 
The affinity of ( -- ) -timolol for beta 1- and beta 2-adrenoceptors was determined on isolated atrial preparations from patients undergoing open heart surgery . 
The times for onset and offset of antagonism of the positive inotropic effects of ( -- ) -adrenaline and ( -- ) -noradrenaline by ( -- ) -timolol were measured . 
2 . 
The antagonism of the positive inotropic effects of ( -- ) -adrenaline and ( -- ) -noradrenaline by ( -- ) -timolol ( 0 . 1-100 nM ) was simple competitive in human atrium tissue . 
The slope of Schild-plots was not significantly different from 1 . 0 [ 0 . 93 + / - 0 . 09 for ( -- ) -adrenaline , 0 . 97 + / - 0 . 09 for ( -- ) -noradrenaline ] . 
3 . 
The inotropic effects of ( -- ) -adrenaline were antagonized significantly more by each concentration of ( -- ) -timolol than those of ( -- ) -noradrenaline . 
KB-values ( -log M ) were 10 . 10 + / - 0 . 09 against ( -- ) -adrenaline and 9 . 43 + / - 0 . 07 against ( -- ) -noradrenaline ( P < 0 . 001 ) . 
4 . 
Blocking kinetics of ( -- ) -timolol for the beta-adrenoceptor were relatively slow . 
Half-times for the onset of blockade by 10 times KB of ( -- ) -timolol were approximately 30 min for both ( -- ) -adrenaline and ( -- ) -noradrenaline; offset times were similar . 
5 . 
It is concluded that ( -- ) -timolol has a higher affinity for the beta 2-adrenoceptor than for the beta 1-adrenoceptor in human atrium . 
This property may be beneficial clinically in protecting against the beta 2-adrenoceptor hypersensitivity induced by cardiac beta 1-adrenoceptor blockade , but also explain why severe asthma can occur after administration of very low intra-ocular doses of the drug . A fourth generation PAMAM dendrimer has been successfully employed for the development of a single step synthesis strategy for self-assembled Ag-Au nanohybrid structures . 
The surface plasmon resonance properties and the degree of self-assembly of the nanohybrid are strongly correlated with the stoichiometry of the metals which gives rise to enhanced plasmonic properties . 
The enhanced plasmonic response of the nanohybrids is modeled and is validated experimentally in a model HRP ( horseradish peroxidise ) bioassay carried out on an SPR-based biochip platform . The effect of inorganic arsenic on endothelium-dependent relaxation : Role of NADPH oxidase and hydrogen peroxide . Components of the Interleukin-6 transsignalling system are associated with the metabolic syndrome , endothelial dysfunction and arterial stiffness . Alternanthera paronychioides protects pancreatic β-cells from glucotoxicity by its antioxidant , antiapoptotic and insulin secretagogue actions . Phytoestrogens ( PEs ) are naturally occurring plant components , with the ability to induce biological responses in vertebrates by mimicking or modulating the action of endogenous hormones . 
Single isoflavones have been shown to affect adipocyte differentiation , but knowledge on the effect of dietary relevant mixtures of PEs , including for instance lignans , is lacking . 
In the current study dietary relevant mixtures of isoflavones and their metabolites , lignans and their metabolites , coumestrol , and a mixture containing all of them , were examined for effects on adipogenesis in 3T3-L1 adipocytes , as well as tested for their PPARγ activating abilities . 
The results showed that mixtures of isoflavonoid parent compounds and metabolites , respectively , a mixture of lignan metabolites , as well as coumestrol concentration-dependently inhibited adipocyte differentiation . 
Furthermore , a mixture of isoflavonoid parent compounds , and a mixture of isoflavonoid metabolites were found to have PPARγ activating abilities . 
These results suggest that PEs can affect pathways known to play a role in obesity development , and indicate that the inhibitory effect on adipocyte differentiation does not appear to be strictly associated with PPARγ activation / inhibition . 
The current study support the hypothesis that compounds with endocrine activity can affect pathways playing a role in the development obesity and obesity related diseases . Differential gene expression in ERα-positive and ERα-negative breast cancer cells upon leptin stimulation . Thiamine ( vitamin B1 ) is required in the diet of animals , and thiamine deficiency leads to diseases such as beri-beri and the Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome . 
Dietary thiamine ( vitamin B1 ) consists mainly of thiamine pyrophosphate ( TPP ) , which is transformed into thiamine by gastrointestinal phosphatases before absorption . 
It is believed that TPP itself cannot be transported across plasma membranes in significant amounts . 
We have identified a partial loss-of-function mutation in the Caenorhabditis elegans gene ( tpk-1 ) that encodes thiamine pyrophosphokinase , which forms TPP from thiamine at the expense of ATP inside cells . 
The mutation slows physiological rhythms and the phenotype it produces can be rescued by TPP but not thiamine supplementation . 
tpk-1 functions cell nonautonomously , as the expression of wild-type tpk-1 in one tissue can rescue the function of other tissues that express only mutant tpk-1 . 
These observations indicate that , in contrast to expectation from previous evidence , TPP can be transported across cell membranes . 
We also find that thiamine supplementation partially rescues the phenotype of partial loss-of-function mutants of the Na / K ATPase , providing genetic evidence that thiamine absorption , and / or redistribution from the absorbing cells , requires the full activity of this enzyme . RATIONALE : It is well established that alcohol acutely impairs the ability to inhibit a pre-potent response ( motor impulsivity ) , but its effects on cognitive impulsivity , including temporal ( delayed gratification ) and reflection ( decision making ) impulsivity , are not clear . 
An important factor contributing to the effects of alcohol is cognitive expectancies of alcohol-related outcomes . 
OBJECTIVES : The current study investigated the effect of alcohol , and alcohol outcome expectancies , on subtypes of impulsivity . 
METHODS : Impulsivity was tested using the Stop Signal , the Single Key Impulsivity and the Information Sampling Task for motor , temporal and reflection impulsivity , respectively . 
Participants ( n = 48 ) received placebo , a low ( 0 . 4 g / kg ) or high dose ( 0 . 8 g / kg ) of alcohol , before completing the impulsivity measures . 
RESULTS : Motor impulsivity was affected by alcohol dose; participants receiving a high dose displayed reduced inhibitory control . 
Reflection impulsivity was affected by cognitive alcohol expectancies , but not by alcohol condition; participants expecting greater cognitive and behavioural impairment by alcohol exhibited low impulsivity . 
Temporal impulsivity was not affected by either alcohol dose or outcome expectancies . 
CONCLUSIONS : These data suggest that the effects of alcohol on the subtypes of impulsivity are dissociable . 
Motor impulsivity is sensitive to the pharmacological effects of alcohol , whereas the reflection subtype is affected by cognitive alcohol expectancies . 
The findings have implications for the understanding of impulsive behaviour under the influence of alcohol . The onset of antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody-associated vasculitis immediately after methimazole was switched to propylthiouracil in a woman with Graves' disease who wished to become pregnant . High-affinity blockade of voltage-operated skeletal muscle and neuronal sodium channels by halogenated propofol analogues . Leptin presents an important role in energy balance and neuroendocrine control in mammals . 
In an attempt to identify regions of the leptin molecule responsible for its bioactivity , we have synthesized six peptides based on the protein three-dimensional structure . 
Fragments were synthesized by the solid-phase methodology , purified by reverse-phase high-performance liquid chromatography ( RP-HPLC ) , and characterized by liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization mass spectrometry ( LC / ESI-MS ) . 
They were injected intravenously and their ability to induce Fos immunoreactivity ( Fos-ir ) in rat hypothalamus was compared with that of the recombinant human leptin and saline . 
Fragment Ac- [ Ser117 ] Lep116-140-NH2 ( V ) induced Fos-ir in hypothalamic nuclei that express leptin receptor long form . 
No similar ability was observed for the other five fragments . 
To investigate whether Fos-ir was induced in the same neuronal group activated by leptin , we proceeded with a dual-label immunohistochemistry for cocaine- and amphetamine-regulated transcript ( CART ) , a neuropeptide related to leptin action in rat hypothalamus . 
We found that Ac- [ Ser117 ] Lep116-140-NH2 ( V ) differentially activates CART neurons through the rostrocaudal extension of the arcuate nucleus . 
These results suggest that this fragment acts in the same group of neurons that mediate leptin response . 
This approach may offer the basis for the development of leptin-related compounds , having potential application in human or veterinary medicine . The human ABCG2 multidrug transporter actively extrudes a wide range of hydrophobic drugs and xenobiotics recognized by the transporter in the membrane phase . 
In order to examine the molecular nature of the transporter and its effects on the lipid environment , we have established an efficient protocol for the purification and reconstitution of the functional protein . 
We found that the drug-stimulated ATPase and the transport activity of ABCG2 are fully preserved by applying excess lipids and mild detergents during solubilization , whereas a detergent-induced dissociation of the ABCG2 dimer causes an irreversible inactivation . 
By using the purified and reconstituted protein we demonstrate that cholesterol is an essential activator , whereas bile acids are important modulators of ABCG2 activity . 
Both wild-type ABCG2 and its R482G mutant variant require cholesterol for full activity , although they exhibit different cholesterol sensitivities . 
Bile acids strongly decrease the basal ABCG2-ATPase activity both in the wild-type ABCG2 and in the mutant variant . 
These data reinforce the results for the modulatory effects of cholesterol and bile acids of ABCG2 investigated in a complex cell membrane environment . 
Moreover , these experiments open the possibility to perform functional and structural studies with a purified , reconstituted and highly active ABCG2 multidrug transporter . PXR antagonists and implication in drug metabolism . Proteasome inhibition attenuates lung injury induced by intestinal ischemia reperfusion in rats . UNLABELLED : Bevantolol is a beta-1 adrenoceptor antagonist that has been shown to be as effective as other beta blockers for the treatment of angina pectoris and hypertension . 
Some interesting additional properties , such as the absence of the side effect of cold extremities , required investigation , and a great deal of new evidence has been accumulated during the last three years . 
This new data is consistent with the proposal put forward a couple of years ago that bevantolol interacts with alpha-adrenoceptors . 
All the available evidence , published and unpublished , has been reviewed and fits into a coherent pattern , here arranged into five sections . 
Chemistry : affinity for alpha-adrenoceptors . 
Animal experiments confirm both agonist and antagonist effects on alpha-receptors , in addition to antagonist activity at beta-1 receptors . 
In addition , bevantolol has electrophysiologic effects , including bradycardia by a direct action on the sinus node and a class 1 antiarrhythmic action . 
Investigations in humans have shown that although bevantolol has a short half-life , good control of hypertension can be achieved on once-a-day dosing . 
SAFETY : bevantolol has remarkably few side effects , does not cause cold extremities , and does not significantly affect glomerular filtration rate in patients with renal impairment . 
Evidence has been obtained in man for interaction with alpha-adrenoceptors in the brain; and in the peripheral circulation bevantolol does not , as do other beta blockers , increase peripheral vascular resistance , but reduces it . 
It is suggested that all the additional actions of bevantolol can be attributed to a partial agonist action on alpha-adrenoceptors . Protein methyltransferases ( PMTs ) have emerged as important epigenetic regulators in myriad biological processes in both normal physiology and disease conditions . 
However , elucidating PMT-regulated epigenetic processes has been hampered by ambiguous knowledge about in vivo activities of individual PMTs particularly because of their overlapping but nonredundant functions . 
To address limitations of conventional approaches in mapping chromatin modification of specific PMTs , we have engineered the chromatin-modifying apparatus and formulated a novel technology , termed clickable chromatin enrichment with parallel DNA sequencing ( CliEn-seq ) , to probe genome-wide chromatin modification within living cells . 
The three-step approach of CliEn-seq involves in vivo synthesis of S-adenosyl-L-methionine ( SAM ) analogues from cell-permeable methionine analogues by engineered SAM synthetase ( methionine adenosyltransferase or MAT ) , in situ chromatin modification by engineered PMTs , subsequent enrichment and sequencing of the uniquely modified chromatins . 
Given critical roles of the chromatin-modifying enzymes in epigenetics and structural similarity among many PMTs , we envision that the CliEn-seq technology is generally applicable in deciphering chromatin methylation events of individual PMTs in diverse biological settings . Isoliquiritigenin showed strong inhibitory effects towards multiple UDP-glucuronosyltransferase ( UGT ) isoform-catalyzed 4-methylumbelliferone ( 4-MU ) glucuronidation . Regulation of gluconeogenesis by Kruppel-like factor 15 . Gabapentin is used in the treatment of epilepsy and neuropathic pain . 
Gabapentin has high and saturable permeability across the BBB , but no mechanistic studies underpinning this process have been reported . 
The aim of the current study was to investigate the transport of gabapentin in a model of the BBB , identify the important drug transporter ( s ) and to use mathematical modelling to quantify the processes involved . 
A human brain endothelial cell line ( hCMEC / D3 ) was utilised as an in-vitro model of the BBB . 
Uptake of radiolabeled gabapentin into cells in the presence of chemical inhibitors , siRNA or overexpressed drug transporters of interest was investigated . 
Gabapentin was demonstrated to be a LAT1 substrate in brain endothelial cells ( LAT1-process; Km = 530μM and Vmax = 7039pmoles / million cells / min versus other-processes; Km = 923μM and Vmax = 3656pmoles / million cells / min ) and in transfected HEK 293 LAT1 cells ( LAT1-process; Km = 217μM and Vmax = 5192pmoles / million cells / min versus otherprocesses; Km = 1546μM and Vmax = 3375pmoles / million cells / min ) . 
At physiological concentrations of gabapentin , LAT1 mediated transport was 3 or ~10-fold higher than the other transport processes in the two systems , respectively , demonstrating clear selectivity for gabapentin . 
In-silico structural homology modelling confirmed that LAT1 could have the LeuT conserved fold and functions by the alternative access mechanism . 
Mathematical modelling of this mechanism revealed revised significance of Vmax and Km so that a low Km may not necessarily imply a high affinity transport process . 
Gabapentin was negative for OCT like transport and LAT2 activity in the hCMEC / D3 and OCT1 transfected cells . 
Our data shows that gabapentin is a substrate for the influx transporter LAT1 at therapeutic concentrations . A computational study of water and CO migration sites and channels inside myoglobin . Molecular and functional properties of gelatin from the skin of unicorn leatherjacket as affected by extracting temperatures . 1 . 
The subtypes of alpha 1-adrenoceptor mediating contractions to exogenous noradrenaline ( NA ) in rat aorta have been examined in both biochemical and functional studies . 
2 . 
Incubation of rat aortic membranes with the irreversible alpha 1B-adrenoceptor antagonist , chloroethylclonidine ( CEC : 10 microM ) did not change the KD of [ 3H ] -prazosin binding in comparison to untreated membranes , but reduced by 88% the total number of binding sites ( Bmax ) . 
3 . 
Contractions of rat aortic strips to NA after CEC ( 50 microM for 30 min ) incubation followed by repetitive washing , showed a marked shift in the potency of NA and a partial reduction in the maximum response . 
The residual contractions to NA after CEC incubation were not affected by prazosin ( 10 nM ) . 
4 . 
The competitive antagonists prazosin , terazosin , ( R ) -YM-12617 , phentolamine , 5-methylurapidil and spiperone inhibited contractions to NA with estimated pA2 values of 9 . 85 , 8 . 54 , 9 . 34 , 7 . 71 , 7 . 64 and 8 . 41 , respectively . 
5 . 
The affinity of the same antagonists for the alpha 1A- and alpha 1B- adrenoceptors was evaluated by utilizing membranes from rat hippocampus pretreated with CEC , and rat liver , respectively . 
5-Methylurapidil and phentolamine were confirmed as selective for the alpha 1A-adrenoceptors , whereas spiperone was alpha 1B-selective . 
6 . 
A significant correlation was found between the pA2 values of the alpha 1-adrenoceptor antagonists tested and their affinity for the alpha 1B-adrenoceptor subtype , but not for the alpha 1A-subtype . 
7 . 
In conclusion , these findings indicate that in rat aorta most of the contraction is mediated by alpha 1B-adrenoceptors , and that the potency ( pA2 ) of an antagonist in this tissue should be related to its antagonistic effect on this subtype of the alpha 1-adrenoceptor population . Morphotek Inc is developing MORAb-003 , a humanized monoclonal antibody directed against folate receptor alpha , for the potential treatment of ovarian cancer . 
Phase II clinical trialsof MORAb-003 , either alone or in combination with platinum / taxane chemotherapy , are underway in ovarian cancer patients experiencing their first disease recurrence . It is well known that UVB ( 290-320 nm ) induces inflammation in skin by the transcription and release of cytokines and chemokines from skin keratinocytes . 
In addition , it is considered that intracellular reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) plays an important role in UVB-induced inflammatory response in the skin . 
Therefore , we investigated the effect of vitamin C , a potent antioxidant , on the regulation of UVB-induced skin inflammation via the modulation of chemokines production . 
Vitamin C uptake into keratinocytes is increased by UVB irradiation in a time- and dose-dependent manner through the translocation of sodium-dependent vitamin C transporter-1 ( SVCT-1 ) , a vitamin C-specific transporter , from the cytosol to the membrane . 
To evaluate the effect of vitamin C on the chemokine mRNA expression , we performed RNase protection assay . 
As a result , there was a remarkable change in chemokine mRNA expression , especially IL-8 and monocyte chemoattractant protein ( MCP ) -1 expression . 
In addition , increased IL-8 and MCP-1 mRNA expressions were suppressed by vitamin C treatment . 
We also confirmed the results of protein levels measured by ELISA . 
Taken together , vitamin C uptake is increased in UVB-irradiated keratinocytes through the translocation of SVCT-1 and regulates inflammatory response in the skin via the downregulation of IL-8 and MCP-1 production . Central and peripheral mechanisms of narcotic antitussives : codeine-sensitive and -resistant coughs . BACKGROUND : Allergic airway eosinophilia is suppressed by cysteinyl leukotriene ( CysLT ) receptor ( CysLT1 receptor ) antagonists in several species including humans and guinea-pigs , suggesting that CysLTs are directly or indirectly involved in induction of the response . 
OBJECTIVE : We examined the effect of CysLT antagonists ( pranlukast and MCI-826 ) on antigen inhalation-induced eosinophilia in peripheral blood and lung , and on IL-5 activity in serum during late increase of airway resistance ( late asthmatic response , LAR ) in sensitized guinea-pigs . 
METHODS : Guinea-pigs inhaled ovalbumin ( OVA ) + Al ( OH ) 3 and OVA mists alternately for sensitization and challenge , respectively , once every 2 weeks . 
At the fifth challenge , the effects of CysLT antagonists and an anti-IL-5 antibody ( TRFK-5 ) on the occurrence of LAR , and blood and lung eosinophilia , which appeared at 5 h after challenge , were examined . 
The time-course of IL-5 activity in the serum after the challenge was evaluated by measuring in vitro 'eosinophil survival prolongation activity' . 
The influence of CysLT antagonists on IL-5 activity was assessed . 
RESULTS : CysLT antagonists and TRFK-5 completely abolished blood and lung eosinophilia . 
LAR was suppressed by both MCI-826 and TRFK-5 by 40-50% . 
Sera obtained from sensitized , challenged animals 3 h and 4 h after challenge induced an obvious prolongation of eosinophil survival . 
The activity of the sera was completely neutralized by prior exposure to TRFK-5 , suggesting that it reflected IL-5 activity . 
Increased IL-5 activity in the serum was inhibited by both pranlukast and MCI-826 by over 90% . 
CONCLUSIONS : CysLTs produced after antigen provocation sequentially induced IL-5 production from some immune component cells via CysLT1 receptor activation . 
Thus , it is likely that CysLTs indirectly cause antigen-induced eosinophilia through IL-5 production . Berberine is an isoquinoline alkaloid that has drawn extensive attention since it possesses various biological activities . 
Several mechanisms have been proposed to interpret the anticancer activity of berberine . 
However , these explanations are mostly based on its downstream-regulated genes or proteins , information on the direct target proteins that mediate the antiproliferative action of berberine remain unclear . 
In the present study , a computational pipeline based on a ligand-protein inverse docking program and mining of the "Connectivity MAP" data was adopted to explore the potential target proteins for berberine . 
The results showed that four proteins , i . 
e . 
, calmodulin , cytochrome P450 3A4 , sex hormone-binding globulin and carbonic anhydrase II , were suggested to be the potential targets of berberine . 
The anti-calmodulin property of berberine was demonstrated with an in vitro phosphodiesterase activity assay . 
Flow cytometric analysis found that G1 cell cycle arrest induced by berberine in Bel7402 cells was enhanced by cotreatment with calmodulin inhibitors . 
Western blotting results indicated that berberine treatment decreased phosphorylation of calmodulin kinase II and blocked subsequent MEK1 activation as well as p27 protein degradation . 
These results suggested that calmodulin might play crucial roles in berberine-induced cell cycle arrest in cancer cells . 
© 2013 John Wiley & Sons A / S . In the present study , we investigated the anti-inflammatory effects of a nutritious vegetable Toona sinensis ( leaf extracts , TS ) and its major bioactive compound gallic acid ( GA ) by analysing LPS-induced NF-κB activation in transgenic mice , using bioluminescence imaging . 
Mice were challenged intraperitoneally with LPS ( 1mg / kg ) and treated orally with TS or GA ( 100 or 5mg / kg , respectively ) . 
In vivo and ex vivo imaging showed that LPS increased NF-κB luminescence in the abdominal region , which was significantly inhibited by TS or GA . 
Immunohistochemical and ELISA analyses confirmed that TS and GA inhibited LPS-induced NF-κB , interleukin-1β , and tumour necrosis factor-α expression . 
Microarray analysis revealed that biological pathways associated with metabolism and the immune responses were affected by TS or GA . 
Particularly , LPS-induced thioredoxin-like 4B ( TXNL4B ) 2 expression in the small intestine , and TXNL4B , iNOS , and COX-2 expression in RAW 264 . 7 cells were significantly inhibited by TS or GA . 
Thus , the anti-inflammatory potential of TS was mediated by the downregulation of NF-κB pathway . Enzymatic catalyzed palm oil hydrolysis under ultrasound irradiation : diacylglycerol synthesis . Signaling of an allosteric , nanomolar potent , low molecular weight agonist for the follicle-stimulating hormone receptor . Cholinesterase confabs and cousins : Approaching forty years . A dimeric form of N-methoxycarbonyl-2-amino-1 , 8-naphthyridine ( MCND ) connected at the C2 position with a three-atom linker was examined for the binding to mismatches in double stranded RNA . 
Despite the fully complementary hydrogen bonding groups to guanine , MCND did not bind to guanine-guanine mismatch but did to adenine-adenine mismatch . 
The base pairs flanking the mismatch had weak effect on the binding , with showing the strongest binding to the A-A mismatch in the CAG / CAG sequence . 
The A-A mismatch in the GAC / GAC sequence was a poor substrate for the MCND binding . 
A monomeric derivative of MCND and another derivative lacking a methylcarbamate group showed negligilble binding to the A-A mismatch and the sequence selectivity . 
These results are important clues for the better molecular design of RNA binding small molecules . An angiotensin II AT1 receptor antagonist , telmisartan augments glucose uptake and GLUT4 protein expression in 3T3-L1 adipocytes . Diabetes mellitus is associated to central nervous system damage , which results in impairment of brain functions and cognitive deficits and decline in memory . 
However , the mechanisms mediating the actions of glucose on the neurons remained elusive . 
Single-minded 2 ( Sim2 ) , a basic helix-loop-helix ( bHLH ) -PAS transcriptional repressor , is thought to be involved in some symptoms of Down syndrome . 
We hypothesized that Sim2 mediated hyperglycaemia-induced neuronal injury and impairment of learning and memory . 
It was found that expression of Sim2 protein in cortical neurons was increased in streptozotocin-induced diabetes mellitus rat model . 
Drebrin , down-regulated by Sim2 , was subsequently decreased as detected by confocal laser scanning microscopy and Western blot analysis . 
The expression pattern of Sim2 and Drebrin correspond to 50mmol / L glucose ( hyperglycaemia ) was also found in primary cultured neurons . 
Curcumin , one neuroprotective agent , inhibited hyperglycaemia-induced neurotoxicity . 
Moreover , curcumin alleviated Sim2 expression , and reversely raised Drebrin expression in neurons treated with hyperglycaemia . 
Finally , we found that silencing Sim2 expression decreased hyperglycaemia-induced neuronal injury . 
In conclusion , Sim2 may mediate neurotoxicity during hyperglycaemia and thereby play a critical role in the development of hyperglycaemia-induced cognitive deficits . A novel membrane sensor for histamine H1-receptor antagonist "fexofenadine" . TGIF ( TG-interacting factor ) represses transforming growth factor beta ( TGF-beta ) -activated gene expression and can repress transcription via a specific retinoid response element . 
Mutations in human TGIF are associated with holoprosencephaly , a severe defect of craniofacial development with both genetic and environmental causes . 
Both TGF-beta and retinoic acid signaling are implicated in craniofacial development . 
Here , we analyze the role of TGIF in regulating retinoid responsive gene expression . 
We demonstrate that TGIF interacts with the ligand binding domain of the RXRalpha retinoid receptor and represses transcription from retinoid response elements . 
TGIF recruits the general corepressor , CtBP , to RXRalpha , and this recruitment is required for full repression by TGIF . 
Interaction between TGIF and RXRalpha is reduced by the addition of retinoic acid , consistent with a role for TGIF as an RXRalpha transcriptional corepressor . 
We created a Tgif null mutation in mice and tested the sensitivity of mutant mice to increased levels of retinoic acid . 
Tgif mutant embryos are more sensitive to retinoic acid-induced teratogenesis , and retinoid target genes are expressed at a higher level in tissues from Tgif null mice . 
These results demonstrate an important role for TGIF as a transcriptional corepressor , which regulates developmental signaling by retinoic acid , and raises the possibility that TGIF may repress other RXR-dependent transcriptional responses . RATIONALE : Bupropion is thought to treat major depression by blocking the dopamine transporter ( DAT ) because bupropion appears to have a selective affinity for the DAT . 
The validity of this mechanism has been questioned because the affinity of bupropion for the DAT is quite low . 
OBJECTIVE : To determine the occupancy of bupropion for the DAT during clinical treatment of patients with depression . 
METHODS : Positron emission tomography with [ ( 11 ) C ] -RTI32 was used to determine the striatal DAT binding potential ( BP ) of eight depressed patients before and during treatment with bupropion . 
BP is proportional to available receptor density ( receptors not blocked by drug ) . 
Occupancy is the percent change in BP . 
Eight healthy subjects were similarly studied in a test-retest design . 
RESULTS : No significant difference in DAT BP was found after bupropion treatment in comparison to the test-retest data . 
The occupancy after bupropion treatment was 14% ( confidence interval 6-22% ) as compared to 7% in the test-retest condition . 
CONCLUSIONS : Bupropion treatment occupies less than 22% of DAT sites . 
This raises the question as to whether a DAT occupancy of less than 22% is therapeutic or whether there is another mechanism involved during treatment with bupropion . An Indian butyrylcholinesterase variant L307P is not structurally stable : A molecular dynamics simulation study . Hypertrophic effect of selective beta ( 1 ) -adrenoceptor stimulation on ventricular cardiomyocytes from adult rat . Can P-glycoprotein mediate resistance to nilotinib in human leukaemia The autoradiographic distribution of binding sites for [ 3H ] AMPA , [ 3H ] kainate , [ 3H ] MK-801 and [ 3H ] L-glutamate and the in situ hybridization of GluR-A , GluR-B , GluR-C and GluR-D in rat spinal cord sections were determined . 
All of the radioligands had similar localisations with the dorsal horn being the most intensely labelled region . 
In the in situ hybridization experiments only the GluR-B mRNA was detected at high levels in the spinal cord with predominant expression in the substantia gelatinosa . 
These results support electrophysiological evidence for the presence of glutamate activated neurones in the spinal cord and suggest that these excitatory pathways are confined mainly to the dorsal horn . Vesicular monoamine transporter-1 ( VMAT-1 ) mRNA and immunoreactive proteins in mouse brain . OBJECTIVE : To determine the type of mutation in a patient with clinical diagnosis of suspected APRT deficiency . 
DESIGN AND METHODS : A 51-year-old male patient , with a clinical history of two prior episodes of renal colic with urinary stone excretion ( reported as uric acid stones in the first episode and as calcium oxalate stones in the second ) , was admitted to the hospital with severe non-oliguric renal failure ( 1 . 06 mmol / L serum creatinine ) , severe hyponatremia ( 114 mmol / L Na ( + ) ) , metabolic acidosis ( 14 mmol / L HCO ( 3 ) ( - ) ) and uricemia in the normal range . 
Abnormalities at renal scan and persistency of severe renal failure required to start haemodialysis . 
Results of renal biopsy prompted us to undertake a biochemical and molecular biological evaluation of the patient for suspected adenine phosphoribosyltransferase ( APRT ) deficiency . 
RESULTS : HPLC analysis of serum and urine , for determining purine derivative profile , showed the pathological presence of adenine in both biological fluids ( 3 . 57 micromol / L and 7 . 11 micromol / mmol creatinine in serum and urine , respectively; not detectable in both fluids in healthy controls ) . 
APRT assay in a sample of patient hemolysate showed no detectable activity of the enzyme ( 25 . 56 + / -9 . 55 U / L red blood cells in control healthy subjects ) . 
Molecular biological analysis of the amplified APRT gene revealed that the patient harboured in exon 3 a homozygous 254 bp deletion-8 bp insertion , previously described only once in a compound heterozygote . 
Analysis of the patient family showed that heterozygotes for this APRT gene mutation , in spite of a 69% lower APRT enzymatic activity than that of healthy subjects , had no detectable adenine concentrations in both serum and urine . 
CONCLUSIONS : Results of the first patient harbouring the homozygous 254 bp deletion-8 bp insertion of the APRT gene strongly indicated that definitive diagnosis of APRT deficiency ( often under or misdiagnosed ) would require a combined clinical , biochemical and molecular biological evaluation . In vitro reactivation of trichlorfon-inhibited butyrylcholinesterase using HI-6 , obidoxime , pralidoxime and K048 . Sulindac sulfide inhibits epidermal growth factor-induced phosphorylation of extracellular-regulated kinase 1 / 2 and Bad in human colon cancer cells . Regulatory mechanisms of UDP-glucuronic acid biosynthesis in cultured human skin fibroblasts . Unique kinetic mechanism of Plasmodium falciparum adenylosuccinate synthetase . The role of rasagiline in the treatment of Parkinson's disease . The pharmacogenetics and pharmacodynamics of clopidogrel response : an analysis from the PRINC ( Plavix Response in Coronary Intervention ) trial . Hepatotoxicity of commonly used drugs : nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs , antihypertensives , antidiabetic agents , anticonvulsants , lipid-lowering agents , psychotropic drugs . Abstract 1 . 
Anthocyanins and their aglycone anthocyanidins represent the most abundant flavonoids in human diet and popular constituents of various dietary supplements . 
The aim of this study was to evaluate inhibitory effect of four anthocyanidins ( delphinidin , cyanidin , malvidin and pelargonidin ) on three families of important drug-metabolizing enzymes : carbonyl reductases ( CBRs ) , glutathione S-transferases ( GSTs ) and UDP-glucuronosyltransferases ( UGT ) . 
2 . 
Human or rat hepatic subcellular fractions were incubated with or without pure anthocyanidins ( 100 µM ) and the activities of CBR , GST and UGT were assayed using menadione , 1-chloro-2 , 4-dinitrobenzene and p-nitrophenol as substrates , respectively . 
For the most potent inhibitors , half maximal inhibitory concentrations ( IC ( 50 ) ) were determined and the inhibition kinetics study was performed . 
3 . 
Anthocyanidins inhibited weakly the activity of GST and moderately the activities of CBR and UGT . 
Cyanidin was the most potent inhibitor of human UGT with IC ( 50 ) = 69 µM ( at 200 µM substrate concentration ) and competitive type of action . 
Delphinidin acted as significant non-competitive inhibitor of human CBR with IC ( 50 ) = 16 µM ( at substrate concentration 500 µM ) . 
The inhibitory potency of anthocyanidins differed in rat and human samples significantly . 
4 . 
Anthocyanidins are able to inhibit CBR and UGT in vitro . 
Possible interference of anthocyanidins ( in high-dose dietary supplements ) with simultaneously administered drugs , which are UGT or CBR substrates , should be checked . gamma-Butyrobetaine hydroxylase catalyse the last step in carnitine biosynthesis , the formation of L-carnitine from gamma-butyrobetaine , a reaction dependent on Fe2 + , alpha-ketoglutarate , ascorbate and oxygen . 
Initial attempts to purify the protein from rat liver showed that gamma-butyrobetaine hydroxylase is unstable . 
We , therefore , determined the influence of various compounds on the stability of gamma-butyrobetaine hydroxylase at different storage temperatures . 
The enzyme activity was best conserved by storing the protein at 4 degrees C in the presence of 200 g / l glycerol and 10 mM DTT . 
We subsequently purified the enzyme from rat liver to apparent homogeneity by liquid chromatography . Dopaminergic enhancement of cognitive function . A biological screening was performed to establish the total exposure to estrogenic compounds of red mullet ( Mullus barbatus ) collected at several sites along the Spanish Mediterranean coast by testing male fish bile extracts using the in vitro ER-LUC reporter gene assay . 
In addition , major metabolites were identified and measurements of OH-PAHs ( 1-naphthol , 9-phenantrol , 9-fluorenol , 1-pyrenol , 1OH-BaP and 3OH-BaP ) and alkylphenols ( 4-n-nonylphenol ( 4-n-NP ) and 4-tertoctylphenol ( 4-tert-OP ) ) in the same fish bile extracts were taken by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry in electron ionization mode ( GC-EI-MS ) . 
Relative in vitro estrogenic potencies of the chemically quantified compounds were also tested . 
The highest biliary concentrations of 1-pyrenol , 9-fluorenol and 4-n-NP were found in fish from Barcelona and from the Mar Menor coastal lagoon . 
However , these concentrations can be considered relatively low compared to values reported in red mullet from other polluted waters in the Mediterranean Sea . 
The contribution of 1-pyrenol , 4-n-NP and 4-tert-OP to the total estrogenic potency measured in male fish bile was found to be negligible , indicating the presence of other estrogenic compounds in red mullet bile . 
Estrogenic potency in bile from male fish was markedly elevated in Mar Menor lagoon ( 234 . 8±5 . 7pgE2EQ / μl ) , and further research will be necessary to explain whether the presence of natural and synthetic-hormones in the lagoon contributed to this finding . 
Values of approximately 15-16E2EQpg / mg bile can be regarded as preliminary baseline levels of bile estrogenicity in male red mullet from the western Mediterranean Sea . The development of electron-based , unimolecular dissociation MS , i . 
e . 
electron capture and electron transfer dissociation ( ECD and ETD , respectively ) , has greatly increased the speed and reliability of labile PTM site assignment . 
The field of intracellular O-GlcNAc ( O-linked N-acetylglucosamine ) signaling has especially advanced with the advent of ETD MS . 
Only within the last five years have proteomic-scale experiments utilizing ETD allowed the assignment of hundreds of O-GlcNAc sites within cells and subcellular structures . 
Our ability to identify and unambiguously assign the site of O-GlcNAc modifications using ETD is rapidly increasing our understanding of this regulatory glycosylation and its potential interaction with other PTMs . 
Here , we discuss the advantages of using ETD , complimented with collisional-activation MS , in a study of the extensively O-GlcNAcylated protein Host Cell Factor C1 ( HCF-1 ) . 
HCF-1 is a transcriptional coregulator that forms a stable complex with O-GlcNAc transferase and controls cell cycle progression . 
ETD , along with higher energy collisional dissociation ( HCD ) MS , was employed to assign the PTMs of the HCF-1 protein isolated from HEK293T cells . 
These include 19 sites of O-GlcNAcylation , two sites of phosphorylation , and two sites bearing dimethylarginine , and showcase the residue-specific , PTM complexity of this regulator of cell proliferation . Effect of sinapic acid against dimethylnitrosamine-induced hepatic fibrosis in rats . Nerve Terminal GABAA Receptors Activate Ca2 + / Calmodulin-dependent Signaling to Inhibit Voltage-gated Ca2 + Influx and Glutamate Release . Tsitsikammamines are marine alkaloids whose structure is based on the pyrroloiminoquinone scaffold . 
These and related compounds have attracted attention due to various interesting biological properties , including cytotoxicity , topoisomerase inhibition , antimicrobial , antifungal and antimalarial activity . 
Indoleamine 2 , 3-dioxygenase ( IDO1 ) is a well-established therapeutic target as an important factor in the tumor immune evasion mechanism . 
In this preliminary communication , we report the inhibitory activity of tsitsikammamine derivatives against IDO1 . 
Tsitsikammamine A analogue 11b displays submicromolar potency in an enzymatic assay . 
A number of derivatives are also active in a cellular assay while showing little or no activity towards tryptophan 2 , 3-dioxygenase ( TDO ) , a functionally related enzyme . 
This IDO1 inhibitory activity is rationalized by molecular modeling studies . 
An interest is thus established in this class of compounds as a potential source of lead compounds for the development of new pharmaceutically useful IDO1 inhibitors . Zolmitriptan ( Zomig; formerly 311C90 ) is a novel 5-hydroxytryptamine ( 5HT ) 1B / 1D receptor agonist with proven efficacy in the acute treatment of migraine with or without preceding aura . 
The drug differs from presently available members of this drug class in that it combines 5HT1B / 1D receptor partial agonist activity with robust oral pharmacokinetics and an ability to inhibit trigeminovascular activation centrally as well as peripherally in preclinical studies . 
Consistent with its selectivity for 5HT1B / 1D receptors , zolmitriptan produces constriction of various isolated blood vessels , most notably cranial arteries . 
In anaesthetized animals , these vascular effects manifest as a selective constriction of cranial arterio-venous anastomoses resulting in a redistribution of carotid arterial blood flow . 
This effect is produced without significant effects on heart rate , blood pressure or blood flow to the brain , heart or lungs . 
Zolmitriptan also inhibits trigeminal-evoked increases in cerebral blood flow in anaesthetized cats and blocks trigeminal-evoked plasma protein extravasation in the dura of guinea-pigs . 
These actions are consistent with a pre-junctional inhibition of neuropeptide release from perivascular afferents of the trigeminal nerve , as confirmed by independent studies showing that zolmitriptan blocks elevations of calcitonin-gene-related peptide in jugular venous blood during electrical stimulation of the trigeminal ganglion . 
In all of these effects , zolmitriptan is three to four times more potent than sumatriptan , but produces the same maximum response . 
Zolmitriptan crosses the intact blood-brain barrier to inhibit trigeminovascular activation in the brainstem . 
This was shown initially by the ability of the drug to block a brainstem reflex provoking vasoactive intestinal peptide release from the VIIth cranial ( facial ) nerve during trigeminal stimulation . 
Subsequent ex vivo autoradiography confirmed that intravenously injected [ 3H ] zolmitriptan labels a discrete population of cells in the trigeminal nucleus caudalis ( TNC ) and nucleus tractus solitarius . 
Direct evidence for a central neuromodulatory effect of zolmitriptan was provided by electrophysiological experiments which clearly demonstrated that the drug inhibits the excitability of cells in the TNC after systemic administration . 
This novel pre-clinical profile not only distinguishes zolmitriptan from sumatriptan , but raises intriguing questions about the clinical relevance of a dual action . 
Studies to date show that zolmitriptan indeed modulates cranial sensory processing in humans , yet central side-effects are no different from sumatriptan . 
This property may account for the remarkable consistency in clinical efficacy observed in clinical trials . Negligible direct lactate oxidation in subsarcolemmal and intermyofibrillar mitochondria obtained from red and white rat skeletal muscle . Optimization of encapsulation of a synthetic long peptide in PLGA nanoparticles : low-burst release is crucial for efficient CD8 ( + ) T cell activation . Receptor-mediated endocytosis plays an important role in accumulation of aminoglycosides in renal proximal tubule . 
To prevent aminoglycoside-induced nephrotoxicity following concentrated accumulation of gentamicin in the kidney , effect of cationic proteins and their peptide fragments , which could inhibit gentamicin binding to its binding receptor ( s ) , was investigated . 
Among several substrates for megalin , an endocytic receptor responsible for renal accumulation of aminoglycosides , cytochrome c potently inhibited gentamicin accumulation in renal cortex . 
Concentration-dependent inhibition by cytochrome c on gentamicin uptake was also observed in OK kidney epithelial cells expressing megalin . 
In addition , gentamicin-induced increase in urinary excretion of N-acetyl-beta-d-glucosaminidase ( NAG ) , a marker of renal tubular damage , was significantly reduced by cytochrome c . 
We next attempted to find a peptide fragment with lower molecular size showing inhibitory effect on gentamicin uptake . 
Cyto79-88 inhibited gentamicin uptake in OK cells , but had little effect on renal accumulation of gentamicin in mice in vivo . 
On one hand , a peptide fragment of neural Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome protein ( N-WASP ) , which interacts with acidic phospholipids like aminoglycosides , inhibited gentamicin accumulation not only in OK cells but also in mouse kidney . 
These results show that substrates and / or their peptide fragments for aminoglycoside binding receptor such as megalin might be useful for preventing aminoglycoside-induced nephrotoxicity . Ceramide phosphoethanolamine biosynthesis in Drosophila is mediated by a unique ethanolamine phosphotransferase in the Golgi lumen . Life-threatening hypoglycemia associated with intentional insulin ingestion . Retinoic acid biosynthesis in vertebrates occurs in two consecutive steps : the oxidation of retinol to retinaldehyde followed by the oxidation of retinaldehyde to retinoic acid . 
Enzymes of the MDR ( medium-chain dehydrogenase / reductase ) , SDR ( short-chain dehydrogenase / reductase ) and AKR ( aldo-keto reductase ) superfamilies have been reported to catalyse the conversion between retinol and retinaldehyde . 
Estimation of the relative contribution of enzymes of each type was difficult since kinetics were performed with different methodologies , but SDRs would supposedly play a major role because of their low K ( m ) values , and because they were found to be active with retinol bound to CRBPI ( cellular retinol binding protein type I ) . 
In the present study we employed detergent-free assays and HPLC-based methodology to characterize side-by-side the retinoid-converting activities of human MDR [ ADH ( alcohol dehydrogenase ) 1B2 and ADH4 ) , SDR ( RoDH ( retinol dehydrogenase ) -4 and RDH11 ] and AKR ( AKR1B1 and AKR1B10 ) enzymes . 
Our results demonstrate that none of the enzymes , including the SDR members , are active with CRBPI-bound retinoids , which questions the previously suggested role of CRBPI as a retinol supplier in the retinoic acid synthesis pathway . 
The members of all three superfamilies exhibit similar and low K ( m ) values for retinoids ( 0 . 12-1 . 1 microM ) , whilst they strongly differ in their kcat values , which range from 0 . 35 min ( -1 ) for AKR1B1 to 302 min ( -1 ) for ADH4 . 
ADHs appear to be more effective retinol dehydrogenases than SDRs because of their higher kcat values , whereas RDH11 and AKR1B10 are efficient retinaldehyde reductases . 
Cell culture studies support a role for RoDH-4 as a retinol dehydrogenase and for AKR1B1 as a retinaldehyde reductase in vivo . Characterization of the antiparkinsonian effects of the new adenosine A2A receptor antagonist ST1535 : acute and subchronic studies in rats . Time-specific effects of perinatal glucocorticoid treatment on anterior pituitary morphology , annexin 1 expression and adrenocorticotrophic hormone secretion in the adult female rat . Co-exposure to environmental polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ( PAHs ) and interleukin ( IL ) -1β induces expression of the tumor-promoting cytokine IL-6 in cancer cells . 
The present study was designed to determine whether such an IL-6 up-regulation also occurs in response to co-treatment by PAHs and tumor necrosis factor ( TNF ) -α , an inflammatory cytokine commonly found in tumor microenvironment . 
Co-exposure to the prototypical PAH benzanthracene ( BZA ) and TNF-α was found to markedly induce mRNA expression and secretion of IL-6 in human breast cancer cells MCF-7 , whereas exposure to either BZA or TNF-α alone was without significant effect . 
Co-treatment by BZA and TNF-α-containing conditioned media from human inflammatory macrophages similarly up-regulated IL-6 expression in MCF-7 cells . 
BZA / TNF-α-mediated IL-6 induction in MCF-7 cells was counteracted by silencing aryl hydrocarbon receptor ( AhR ) , known to mediates most of PAH effects . 
IL-6 up-regulation was moreover associated with NF-κB activation and was abolished by using chemical NF-κB inhibitors or knocking-down expression of the p65 / RelA NF-κB subunit . 
Taken together , these data indicate that co-exposure to BZA / TNF-α induces IL-6 expression by AhR- and NF-κB-dependent pathways in MCF-7 cancer cells . 
This regulation of IL-6 by environmental PAHs , that is dependent of inflammatory cytokine microenvironment , may contribute to the well-known carcinogenic properties of these organic pollutants . Chemotherapy has produced unsatisfactory results in pancreas cancer and novel approaches , including treatment tailoring by pharmacogenetic analysis and new molecular-targeted drugs , are required . 
The scarcity of effective therapies may reflect the lack of knowledge about the influence of tumor-related molecular abnormalities on responsiveness to drugs . 
Advances in the understanding of pancreas cancer biology have been made over the past decade , including the discovery of critical mutations in oncogenes ( i . 
e . 
, K-Ras ) as well as the loss of tumor suppressor genes , such as TP53 and p16 ( INK4 ) . 
Other studies showed the dysregulation of the expression of proteins involved in the control of cell cycle , proliferation , apoptosis , and invasiveness , such as Bcl-2 , Akt , mdm2 , and epidermal growth factor receptor . 
These characteristics might contribute to the aggressive behavior of pancreatic cancer and influence response to treatment . 
Indeed , the inactivation of p53 may explain the relative resistance to 5-fluorouracil , whereas Bcl-2 overexpression is associated with reduced sensitivity to gemcitabine . 
However , the future challenge of pancreas cancer chemotherapy relies on the identification of molecular markers that help in the selection of drugs best suited to the individual patient . 
Recent pharmacogenetic studies focused on genes encoding proteins directly involved in drug activity , showing the role of thymidylate synthase and human equilibrative nucleoside transporter-1 as prognostic factor in 5-fluorouracil- and gemcitabine-treated patients , respectively . 
Finally , inhibitors of signal transduction and angiogenesis are under extensive investigation , and several prospective trials have been devoted to this area . 
Pharmacogenetics is likely to play a central role in the personalization of treatment , to stratify patients based on their likelihood of response to both standard agents ( i . 
e . 
, gemcitabine / nucleoside transporters ) and targeted treatments ( i . 
e . 
, epidermal growth factor receptor gene mutations and / or amplification and tyrosine kinase inhibitors ) , Thus , molecular analysis should be implemented in the optimal management of the patient affected by pancreatic adenocarcinoma . 2 , 3 , 7 , 8-Tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin-mediated production of reactive oxygen species is an essential step in the mechanism of action to accelerate human keratinocyte differentiation . Starting from adenosine triphosphate ( ATP ) , the identification of a novel series of P2Y ( 12 ) receptor antagonists and exploitation of their SAR is described . 
Modifications of the acidic side chain and the purine core and investigation of hydrophobic substituents led to a series of neutral molecules . 
The leading compound , 17 ( AZD6140 ) , is currently in a large phase III clinical trial for the treatment of acute coronary syndromes and prevention of thromboembolic clinical sequelae . Strontium stimulates cartilage matrix formation in vitro . 
However , the mechanisms governing these effects have not yet been extensively reported . 
In this study , chondrocytes were isolated from rat articular cartilage by enzymatic digestion and cultured for 24-72 h with 1-5 mM strontium . 
We investigated the effects of different concentrations of strontium on collagen content , type II collagen , insulin-like growth factor ( IGF-1 ) and matrix metalloproteinase ( MMP ) -13 expression in rat cultured articular chondrocytes in vitro . 
The collagen content of the chondrocytes , determined as hydroxyproline , was measured by a colorimetry method . 
Type II collagen , IGF-1 , and MMP-13 mRNA abundance and protein expression levels were determined by real-time polymerase chain reaction ( real-time PCR ) and western blot , respectively . 
The results showed that collagen content from the chondrocytes extracellular matrix increased with increasing strontium concentration . 
Moreover , 3 and 5 mM strontium strongly stimulated protein expression and mRNA levels of type II collagen and IGF-1 . 
Conversely , MMP-13 expression in chondrocytes decreased dose-dependently with increasing strontium concentration . 
These results should provide insight into the ability of strontium to promote chondrocyte extracellular matrix synthesis . 
Strontium could promote collagen synthesis and suppress collagen degradation via the repression of MMP-13 expression . Thrombomodulin ( TM ) is a vascular endothelial cell ( EC ) receptor that is a cofactor for thrombin-mediated activation of the anticoagulant protein C . 
The extracellular NH ( 2 ) -terminal domain of TM has homology to C-type lectins that are involved in immune regulation . 
Using transgenic mice that lack this structure ( TM ( LeD / LeD ) ) , we show that the lectin-like domain of TM interferes with polymorphonuclear leukocyte ( PMN ) adhesion to ECs by intercellular adhesion molecule 1-dependent and -independent pathways through the suppression of extracellular signal-regulated kinase ( ERK ) ( 1 / 2 ) activation . 
TM ( LeD / LeD ) mice have reduced survival after endotoxin exposure , accumulate more PMNs in their lungs , and develop larger infarcts after myocardial ischemia / reperfusion . 
The recombinant lectin-like domain of TM suppresses PMN adhesion to ECs , diminishes cytokine-induced increase in nuclear factor kappaB and activation of ERK ( 1 / 2 ) , and rescues ECs from serum starvation , findings that may explain why plasma levels of soluble TM are inversely correlated with cardiovascular disease . 
These data suggest that TM has antiinflammatory properties in addition to its role in coagulation and fibrinolysis . No mutations in the serotonin related TPH1 and HTR1B genes in patients with monogenic sclerosing bone disorders . Functional and molecular analysis of D-serine transport in retinal Muller cells . Induction of heat shock proteins ( HSPs ) protects cells from oxidative injury . 
Here Hsp72 , Hsp27 and heme oxygenase-1 ( HO-1 ) were induced in cultured rat astrocytes , and protection against oxidative stress was investigated . 
Astrocytes were treated with sodium arsenite ( 20-50 micro m ) for 1 h , which was non-toxic to cells , 24 h later they were exposed to 400 micro m H2O2 for 1 h , and cell death was evaluated at different time points . 
Arsenite triggered strong induction of HSPs , which was prevented by 1 micro g / mL cycloheximide ( CXH ) . 
H2O2 caused cell loss and increased cell death with features of apoptosis , i . 
e . 
TdT-mediated dUTP nick-end labelling ( TUNEL ) reaction and caspase-3 activation . 
These features were abrogated by pre-treatment with arsenite , which prevented cell loss and significantly reduced the number of dead cells . 
The protective effect of arsenite was not detected in the presence of CHX . 
Pre-treatment with arsenite increased protein kinase B ( Akt ) and extracellular signal regulated kinase 1 / 2 ( ERK1 / 2 ) phosphorylation after H2O2 . 
However , while Akt phosphorylation was prevented by CHX , Erk1 / 2 phosphorylation was further enhanced by CHX . 
The results show that transient arsenite pre-treatment induces Hsp72 , HO-1 and , to a lesser extent , Hsp27; it reduces H2O2-induced astrocyte death; and it causes selective activation of Akt following H2O2 . 
It is suggested that HSP expression at the time of H2O2 exposure protects astrocytes from oxidative injury and apoptotic cell death by means of pro-survival Akt . The norepinephrine ( NET ) and dopamine ( DAT ) transporters are highly homologous proteins , displaying many pharmacological similarities . 
Both transport dopamine with higher affinity than norepinephrine and are targets for the psychostimulants cocaine and amphetamine . 
However , they strikingly contrast in their affinities for tricyclic antidepressants ( TCA ) . 
Previous studies , based on chimeric proteins between DAT and NET suggest that domains ranging from putative transmembrane domain ( TMD ) 5 to 8 are involved in the high affinity binding of TCA to NET . 
We substituted 24 amino acids within this region in the human NET with their counterparts in the human DAT , resulting in 22 different mutants . 
Mutations of residues located in extra- or intracytoplasmic loops have no effect on binding affinity of neither TCA nor cocaine . 
Three point mutations in TMD6 ( F316C ) , -7 ( V356S ) , and -8 ( G400L ) induced a loss of TCA binding affinity of 8- , 5- , and 4-fold , respectively , without affecting the affinity of cocaine . 
The triple mutation F316C / V356S / G400L produced a 40-fold shift in desipramine affinity . 
These three residues are strongly conserved in all TCA-sensitive transporters cloned in mammalian and nonmammalian species . 
A strong shift in TCA affinity ( IC ( 50 ) ) was also observed for double mutants F316C / D336T ( 35-fold ) and S399P / G400L ( 80-fold for nortriptyline and 1000-fold for desipramine ) . 
Reverse mutations P401S / L402G in hDAT did not elicit any gain in TCA affinities , whereas C318F and S358V resulted in a 3- and 10-fold increase in affinity , respectively . 
Our results clearly indicate that two residues located in TMD6 and -7 of hNET may play an important role in TCA interaction and that a critical region in TMD8 is likely to be involved in the tertiary structure allowing the high affinity binding of TCA . The hypolipidemic and antioxidant actions of thymoquinone ( TQ ) and limonene ( LMN ) were investigated by giving 1 ml of 10mg TQ or 200mg LMN suspension , by gavage in two equal doses ( morning and evening ) of 0 . 5 ml each for 30 days , in rats , fed an atherogenic suspension . 
These compounds effectively ameliorated all the altered cardiovascular risk parameters via a reduction in HMG-CoA reductase activity , along with an increase in arylesterase activity . 
The compounds significantly blocked the shift in buoyancy from less atherogenic lb-LDL to highly atherogenic sd-LDL , restoring the percent distribution of LDL-C and apoB into sd-LDL and lb-LDL to near normal levels . 
These compounds also blocked basal and maximal formation of CD and malondialdehyde , and lengthened the lag times of LDL , sd-LDL and lb-LDL in the order TQ>LMN . 
Our results strongly suggest an important therapeutic use of test compounds , especially TQ , in the prevention of cardiovascular disease risks parameters . Differential expression profiles of antioxidant enzymes and glutathione redox status in hyperthyroid rats : a temporal analysis . Relation between dynamics , activity and thermal stability within the cholinesterase family . Despite more than a decade of research in the field of endocrine active compounds targeting the androgen receptor ( AR ) , and although suitable cell lines can be obtained , no validated human stably transfected androgen sensitive transactivation assay is available . 
Bayer Schering Pharma ( BSP ) and the Flemish Institute for Technological Research ( VITO ) , partners within the EU-sponsored 6th framework project ReProTect , made first steps towards such a validation . 
A standard operation protocol ( SOP ) developed at BSP based on the androgen sensitive PALM cell line was transferred to VITO and its performance and transferability were thoroughly studied . 
The investigation followed a generic protocol prepared for all reporter gene assays evaluated within ReProTect , and in both laboratories at least three independent experiments were performed . 
The highest concentration to be tested was limited to 10 microM , if needed . 
A few compounds , 17alpha-methyltestosterone ( 17alpha-MT ) , vinclozolin and linuron , were studied using a real world scenario , i . 
e . 
, assuming that their interaction with the AR was not known : A prescreening for agonism and true , competitive antagonism was used to select conditions such as the appropriate mode of action , and the working range excluding cytotoxicity for the final screening . 
All other compounds were tested according to the generic protocol : Compounds screened for agonism were the reference androgen 17alpha-methyldihydrotestosterone ( MDHT ) , levonorgestrel , norethynodrel , progesterone , o , p'-DDT , and dibutylphthalate ( DBP ) , while compounds screened for antagonism were the reference anti-androgen flutamide , prochloraz , o , p'-DDT , progesterone , norethynodrel , and DBP . 
Cytotoxicity was assessed in parallel as lactate dehydrogenase release . 
The prescreen classified 17alpha-MT as androgenic , vinclozolin and linuron as anti-androgenic and compounds were tested accordingly . 
In the absence of cytotoxicity , appropriate androgenic properties of reference and test compounds were detected by both laboratories , o , p'-DDT and DBP had no androgenic activity . 
Across the two laboratories EC ( 50 ) -values for MDHT , 17alpha-MT , and levonorgestrel varied by not more than a factor of 3 . 4 , for norethynodrel by a factor of 9 . 7 . 
Progesterone effects could not fully be evaluated , as frequently concentration response curves were incomplete . 
In the absence of cytotoxicity anti-androgenic properties of reference and test compounds were also detected in both laboratories . 
DBP , the putative negative reference compound , was inactive , norethynodrel rather showed agonistic properties . 
Progesterone was an antagonist at low concentrations , but agonistic properties were observed in one laboratory at high concentrations . 
Since the highest test concentration was limited to 10 microM , for some compounds no complete concentration response curves were obtained and estimation of EC ( 50 ) -values was less robust . 
Our data demonstrated that the SOP was transferable , and that the assay was able to rank compounds with strong , weak , and without affinity for the AR and to discriminate agonists and antagonists . 
The sensitivity of the assay could be improved further , if the limit of solubility or beginning cytotoxicity was chosen as the highest test concentration . 
The assay avoids the use of tissues from laboratory animals , and thus contributes to the 3R concept . 
Furthermore , it could be adjusted to an intermediate / high throughput format . 
On the whole , this PALM assay is a promising candidate for further validation . Adenosine 5'-monophosphate kinase-activated protein kinase ( PRKA ) activators delay meiotic resumption in porcine oocytes . Glucose transporter GLUT4 protein , codified by Slc2a4 gene plays a key role in glycemic homeostasis . 
Insulin resistance , as in obesity , has been associated to inflammatory state , in which decreased GLUT4 is a feature . 
Inflammatory NF-κB transcriptional factor has been proposed as a repressor of Slc2a4; although , the binding site ( s ) in Slc2a4 promoter and the direct repressor effect have never been reported yet . 
A motif-based sequence analysis of mouse Slc2a4 promoter revealed two putative κB sites located inside -83 / -62 and -134 / -113bp . 
Eletrophoretic mobility assay showed that p50 and p65 NF-κB subunits bind to both putative κB sites . 
Chromatin immunoprecipitation assay using genomic DNA from adipocytes confirmed p50- and p65-binding to Slc2a4 promoter . 
Moreover , transfection experiments revealed that NF-κB binds to the -134 / -113bp region of the mouse Slc2a4 gene promoter , inhibiting the Slc2a4 gene transcription . 
The current findings demonstrate the existence of two κB sites in Slc2a4 gene promote , and that NF-κB has a direct repressor effect upon the Slc2a4 gene , providing an important link between insulin resistance and inflammation . Suramin interaction with human alpha-thrombin : inhibitory effects and binding studies . Assessing protection against OP pesticides and nerve agents provided by wild-type HuPON1 purified from Trichoplusia ni larvae or induced via adenoviral infection . The administration of curcumin before and throughout the study attenuates oxidant stress and glomerular hemodynamic alterations induced by 5 / 6 nephrectomy ( 5 / 6NX ) . 
The purpose of this work was to study if curcumin is able to reverse established glomerular hemodynamic alterations ( e . 
g . 
hyperfiltration and glomerular hypertension ) and oxidant stress in rats with 5 / 6NX . 
Curcumin ( 120 mg / kg ) was given to rats with established renal injury ( 30 days after surgery ) and continued for 30 days ( days 31-60 of the study ) . 
All rats were studied on day 60 after surgery . 
Curcumin was able ( a ) to reverse 5 / 6NX-induced glomerular hypertension and hyperfiltration , ( b ) to induce cell proliferation and nuclear translocation of Nrf2 and ( c ) to reverse 5 / 6NX-induced oxidant stress and decrease in antioxidant enzymes . 
These beneficial effects of curcumin were associated with the ability of this antioxidant to reverse renal structural alterations , proteinuria , hypertension , interstitial fibrosis , fibrotic glomeruli , tubular atrophy and mesangial expansion . 
It has been shown for the first time that curcumin is able to reverse established oxidants stress glomerular hypertension and hyperfiltration in rats with 5 / 6NX . 
These novel findings may play a key role in the attenuation of proteinuria and progression of renal damage in rats with 5 / 6NX . 
These data suggest that curcumin may be useful to reverse established hemodynamic alterations and renal injury in patients with chronic renal failure . Promising new molecular targeted therapies in head and neck cancer . The need for better insulin therapy . Prolonged ( 18 h ) incubation of isolated bovine tracheal smooth muscle with the beta2-adrenoceptor agonist fenoterol ( 10 microM ) induced desensitization of isoprenaline-induced adenylyl cyclase activity in bovine tracheal smooth muscle membranes , characterized by a 25% decrease in maximal effect ( Emax ) ( P < 0 . 05 ) , while the sensitivity to the agonist ( pEC50 ) was unchanged . 
The Emax value of isoprenaline-induced smooth muscle relaxation of submaximal methacholine-induced contractile tones was similarly reduced by about 25% ( P < 0 . 001 ) , while the pEC50 value was diminished by 1 . 0 log unit ( P < 0 . 001 ) . 
As determined by 30 microM gallamine-induced muscarinic M2 receptor antagonism and pertussis toxin-induced inactivation of G ( i alpha ) , muscarinic M2 receptor-mediated functional antagonism did not play a role in isoprenaline-induced relaxation of bovine tracheal smooth muscle contracted by methacholine , both in control and in 18-h fenoterol-treated tissue . 
In line with these observations , we found no enhanced muscarinic M2 receptor-mediated inhibition of 1 microM forskolin-stimulated adenylyl cyclase activity after 18-h fenoterol treatment . 
These data indicate that 18-h fenoterol treatment of bovine tracheal smooth muscle induces beta2-adrenoceptor desensitization and reduced functional antagonism of methacholine-induced contraction by beta-adrenoceptor agonists , without a change of muscarinic M2 receptor function . Structural analysis of inhibitor binding to human carbonic anhydrase II . Potential diagnostic applications of side chain oxysterols analysis in plasma and cerebrospinal fluid . Evaluation of the adjuvant effect of silver nanoparticles both in vitro and in vivo . Amiodarone ( AMD ) , a class III antiarrhythmic drug , causes idiosyncratic hepatotoxicity in human patients . 
We demonstrated previously that tumor necrosis factor-alpha ( TNF-α ) plays an important role in a rat model of AMD-induced hepatotoxicity under inflammatory stress . 
In this study , we developed a model in vitro to study the roles of caspase activation and oxidative stress in TNF potentiation of AMD cytotoxicity . 
AMD caused cell death in Hepa1c1c7 cells , and TNF cotreatment potentiated its toxicity . 
Activation of caspases 9 and 3 / 7 was observed in AMD / TNF-cotreated cells , and caspase inhibitors provided minor protection from cytotoxicity . 
Intracellular reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) generation and lipid peroxidation were observed after treatment with AMD and were further elevated by TNF cotreatment . 
Adding water-soluble antioxidants ( trolox , N-acetylcysteine , glutathione , or ascorbate ) produced only minor attenuation of AMD / TNF-induced cytotoxicity and did not influence the effect of AMD alone . 
On the other hand , α-tocopherol ( TOCO ) , which reduced lipid peroxidation and ROS generation , prevented AMD toxicity and caused pronounced reduction in cytotoxicity from AMD / TNF cotreatment . 
α-TOCO plus a pancaspase inhibitor completely abolished AMD / TNF-induced cytotoxicity . 
In summary , activation of caspases and oxidative stress were observed after AMD / TNF cotreatment , and caspase inhibitors and a lipid-soluble free-radical scavenger attenuated AMD / TNF-induced cytotoxicity . Transmethylation is an important reaction that transfers a methyl group in S-adenosylmethionine ( SAM ) to substrates such as DNA , RNA , and proteins . 
It is known that transmethylation plays critical roles in various cellular responses . 
In this study , we examined the effects of transmethylation on tumorigenic responses and its regulatory mechanism using an upregulation strategy of adenosylhomocysteine ( SAH ) acting as a negative feedback inhibitor . 
Treatment with adenosine dialdehyde ( AdOx ) , an inhibitor of transmethylation-suppressive adenosylhomocysteine ( SAH ) hydrolase ( SAHH ) , enhanced the level of SAH and effectively blocked the proliferation , migration , and invasion of cancer cells; the treatment also induced the differentiation of C6 glioma cells and suppressed the neovascular genesis of eggs in a dose-dependent manner . 
Through immunoblotting analysis , it was found that AdOx was capable of indirectly diminishing the phosphorylation of oncogenic Src and its kinase activity . 
Interestingly , AdOx disrupted actin cytoskeleton structures , leading to morphological changes , and suppressed the formation of a signaling complex composed of Src and p85 / PI3K , which is linked to various tumorigenic responses . 
In agreement with these data , the exogenous treatment of SAH or inhibition of SAHH by specific siRNA or another type of inhibitor , 3-deazaadenosine ( DAZA ) , similarly resulted in antitumorigenic responses , suppressive activity on Src , the alteration of actin cytoskeleton , and a change of the colocalization pattern between actin and Src . 
Taken together , these results suggest that SAH / SAHH-mediated transmethylation could be linked to the tumorigenic processes through cross-regulation between the actin cytoskeleton and Src kinase activity . Chemical characterization of chicken and rat lipoprotein lipase ( LPL ) was carried out following purification of LPL . 
Molecular weight and isoelectric point of both purified enzymes were determined to be 60 KDa and pH 4 , while optimum temperature and pH to yield the maximal activity were about 37 degrees C and pH 8 . 5 . 
Metallic ions , NaCl and protamine sulfate reduced , and heparin increased , both LPL activities . 
Michaelis constants for LPLs determined with triolein emulsion as the substrate were 0 . 98 and 1 . 57 , and those of Vmax were 379 . 2 and 181 . 3 , in chickens and rats , respectively . 
Triton WR-1339 caused mixed-type inhibition in rat , but inhibited chicken LPL noncompetitively . 
In LPLs of chickens and rats , values of Ki were 66 . 7 and 36 . 4 with triolein emulsion as the substrate , and 832 . 4 and 66 . 0 with respective VLDL as the substrate . 
These results show species difference between chickens and rats in the affinity to lipoproteins of LPL and inhibition of LPL by Triton WR-1339 . Common mutations at the homocysteine metabolism pathway and pediatric stroke . Cloning of another human serotonin receptor ( 5-HT1F ) : a fifth 5-HT1 receptor subtype coupled to the inhibition of adenylate cyclase . γ-Oryzanol protects against acute cadmium-induced oxidative damage in mice testes . Neurodegenerative diseases are complex disorders with several pathoetiological pathways leading to cell death . 
Rationally designed multi-targeted agents , or "multi-targeted designed drugs" ( MTDD ) show significant promise in preclinical studies as neuroprotective and disease-modifying agents . 
In this review , we highlight the use of chemical scaffolds that lend themselves exquisitely to the development of MTDDs in neurodegeneration . 
Notably , synthetic polycyclic cage compounds have served as scaffolds for novel voltage-gated calcium channel blockers , NMDA receptor antagonists , and sigma-receptor ligands - attractive targets in neurodegeneration . 
In an entirely different approach , compounds containing the thiazolidinedione moiety ( referred to as glitazones ) alter mitochondrial function through the mitochondrial protein mitoNEET , an attractive new drug target for the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases . 
The design strategy for yet another agent , ladostigil , employed the amalgamation of active chemical moieties of the AChE inhibitor rivastigmine , and the monoamine oxidase-B ( MAO-B ) inhibitor rasagiline , leading to a single compound that targets both enzymes simultaneously . 
Natural products have also served as design templates for several MTDD design studies . 
In particular , the stilbene scaffold has become popular in particular due to the neuroprotective effects of the non-flavonoid natural product resveratrol . 
Recently , stilbene scaffold-based compounds were developed to reduce - through chelation with metal ions that interact with beta-amyloid - both metal-induced beta-amyloid protein aggregation , and ROS generated from this aggregate . 
Other subtle modifications of the stilbene motif led to the creation of reversible , non-competitive MAO inhibitors . 
Finally , compounds derived from the xanthine scaffold afford neuroprotection in Parkinson's disease through mechanisms that include dual adenosine A2A receptor antagonism and MAO-B inhibition . Analysis of mammalian alcohol dehydrogenase 5 ( ADH5 ) : characterisation of rat ADH5 with comparisons to the corresponding human variant . Potent organophosphorous ( OP ) agents , such as VX , are hazardous by absorption through the skin and are resistant to conventional pharmacological antidotal treatments . 
The residence time of a stoichiometric bioscavenger , human butyrylcholinesterase ( huBuChE ) , in the plasma more closely matches that of VX than do the residence times of conventional therapy drugs ( oxime , anti-muscarinic , anticonvulsant ) . 
Intramuscular ( i . 
m . 
) huBuChE afforded almost complete protection when administered prior to the onset of observable cholinergic signs of VX poisoning , but once signs of poisoning became evident the efficacy of i . 
m . 
huBuChE decreased . 
A combination of nerve agent therapy drugs ( oxime , anti-muscarinic , anticonvulsant ) with huBuChE ( i . 
m . 
) protected 100% ( 8 / 8 ) of guinea-pigs from a lethal dose of VX ( 0 . 74mg / kg ) to 48h , even when administered on signs of poisoning . 
Survival was presumed to be due to immediate alleviation of the cholinergic crisis by the conventional pharmacological treatment drugs , in conjunction with bioscavenger that prevented further absorbed agent reaching the AChE targets . 
Evidence to support this proposed mechanism of action was obtained from PKPD experiments in which multiple blood samples and microdialysate samples were collected from individual conscious ambulatory animals . 
Plasma concentrations of intramuscularly-administered atropine , diazepam and HI-6 reached a peak within 15min and were eliminated rapidly within 4h . 
Plasma concentrations of huBuChE administered by the i . 
m . 
route took approximately 24h to reach a peak , but were well-maintained over the subsequent 7days . 
Thus , the pharmacological therapy rapidly treated the initial signs of poisoning , whilst the bioscavenger provided prolonged protection by neutralising further nerve agent entering the bloodstream and preventing it from reaching the target organs . Carbonic anhydrase inhibitors . 
Inhibition of mitochondrial isozyme V with aromatic and heterocyclic sulfonamides . ( - ) -Galanthamine ( GAL ) , an alkaloid from the flower , the common snowdrop ( Galanthus nivalis ) , shows anticholinesterase activity . 
This property has made GAL the target of research as to its effectiveness in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease . 
We have solved the X-ray crystal structure of GAL bound in the active site of Torpedo californica acetylcholinesterase ( TcAChE ) to 2 . 3 A resolution . 
The inhibitor binds at the base of the active site gorge of TcAChE , interacting with both the choline-binding site ( Trp-84 ) and the acyl-binding pocket ( Phe-288 , Phe-290 ) . 
The tertiary amine group of GAL does not interact closely with Trp-84; rather , the double bond of its cyclohexene ring stacks against the indole ring . 
The tertiary amine appears to make a non-conventional hydrogen bond , via its N-methyl group , to Asp-72 , near the top of the gorge . 
The hydroxyl group of the inhibitor makes a strong hydrogen bond ( 2 . 7 A ) with Glu-199 . 
The relatively tight binding of GAL to TcAChE appears to arise from a number of moderate to weak interactions with the protein , coupled to a low entropy cost for binding due to the rigid nature of the inhibitor . Tumor-growth-promoting cyclooxygenase-2 prostaglandin E2 pathway provides medulloblastoma therapeutic targets . Consensus interferon ( Infergen ) is a wholly synthetic type I interferon ( IFN ) , developed by scanning several interferon-alpha nonallelic subtypes and assigning the most frequently observed amino acid in each position , resulting in a consensus sequence . 
The antiviral , antiproliferative , NK cell activation activity , cytokine induction , and interferon-stimulated gene-induction activity of consensus interferon has been compared with naturally occurring type I interferons . 
In all of these comparisons , consensus interferon had a higher activity when compared , on a mass basis , with IFN-alpha 2a and IFN-alpha 2b , although the activity was the same for all of these parameters on an antiviral unit basis . 
That a synthetic type I interferon could have higher activities than naturally occurring molecules is surprising and may be a result of the higher affinity for the array of type I interferon receptors demonstrated for consensus interferon when compared with IFN-alpha . 
In contrast , consensus interferon was shown to be an inferior inducer of IL-1 beta when compared with IFN-alpha . 
These results may reflect differential binding to multiple accessory proteins interacting with a type I interferon receptor . 
These unique biologic properties may lead to a favorable clinical benefit for consensus interferon when compared with the naturally occurring recombinant molecules . 
Ongoing clinical trials will ascertain whether consensus interferon can be used in a wide array of disease situations , such as chronic viral infections and certain malignancies . Phase I-II trial evaluating combined intensity-modulated radiotherapy and in situ gene therapy with or without hormonal therapy in treatment of prostate cancer-interim report on PSA response and biopsy data . An important mechanism of bacterial resistance to beta-lactam antibiotics is inactivation by beta-lactam-hydrolyzing enzymes ( beta-lactamases ) . 
The evolution of the extended-spectrum beta-lactamases ( ESBLs ) is associated with extensive use of beta-lactam antibiotics , particularly cephalosporins , and is a serious threat to therapeutic efficacy . 
ESBLs and broad-spectrum beta-lactamases ( BDSBLs ) are plasmid-mediated class A enzymes produced by gram-negative pathogens , principally Escherichia coli and Klebsiella pneumoniae . 
MK-0826 was highly potent against all ESBL- and BDSBL-producing K . 
pneumoniae and E . 
coli clinical isolates tested ( MIC range , 0 . 008 to 0 . 12 microgram / ml ) . 
In E . 
coli , this activity was associated with high-affinity binding to penicillin-binding proteins 2 and 3 . 
When the inoculum level was increased 10-fold , increasing the amount of beta-lactamase present , the MK-0826 MIC range increased to 0 . 008 to 1 microgram / ml . 
By comparison , similar observations were made with meropenem while imipenem MICs were usually less affected . 
Not surprisingly , MIC increases with noncarbapenem beta-lactams were generally substantially greater , resulting in resistance in many cases . 
E . 
coli strains that produce chromosomal ( Bush group 1 ) beta-lactamase served as controls . 
All three carbapenems were subject to an inoculum effect with the majority of the BDSBL- and ESBL-producers but not the Bush group 1 strains , implying some effect of the plasmid-borne enzymes on potency . 
Importantly , MK-0826 MICs remained at or below 1 microgram / ml under all test conditions . Anagliptin , a DPP-4 inhibitor , suppresses proliferation of vascular smooth muscles and monocyte inflammatory reaction and attenuates atherosclerosis in male apo E-deficient mice . Characteristic cardiac valve abnormalities and left ventricular hypertrophy are present in untreated patients with mucopolysaccharidosis type VI ( MPS VI ) . 
Cardiac ultrasound was performed to investigate these findings in subjects during long-term enzyme replacement therapy ( ERT ) with recombinant human arylsulfatase B ( rhASB , rhN-acetylgalactosamine 4-sulfatase , galsulfase , Naglazyme® ) . 
Studies were conducted in 54 subjects before ERT was begun and at specific intervals for up to 96 weeks of weekly infusions of rhASB at 1 mg / kg during phase 1 / 2 , phase 2 , and phase 3 trials of rhASB . 
At baseline , mitral and aortic valve obstruction was present and was significantly greater in those ≥12 years of age . 
Mild mitral and trace aortic regurgitation were present , the former being significantly greater in those <12 years . 
Left ventricular hypertrophy , with averaged z-scores ranging from 1 . 6-1 . 9 SD greater than normal , was present for ages both <12 and ≥12 years . 
After 96 weeks of ERT , ventricular septal hypertrophy regressed in those <12 years . 
For those ≥12 years , septal hypertrophy was unchanged , and aortic regurgitation increased statistically but not physiologically . 
Obstructive gradients across mitral and aortic valves remained unchanged . 
The results suggest that long-term ERT is effective in reducing intraventricular septal hypertrophy and preventing progression of cardiac valve abnormalities when administered to those <12 years of age . Nicotinamide N-methyltransferase ( NNMT ) catalyses the conversion of nicotinamide to 1-methylnicotinamide and plays an important role in hepatic detoxification reactions . 
Here we show that , in addition to the liver , 3T3-L1 adipocytes as well as human and murine adipose tissue explants express high amounts of enzymatically active NNMT . 
NNMT mRNA levels and enzyme activity increased in 3T3-L1 cells in a differentiation-dependent manner . 
Homocysteine , the atherogenic product of the NNMT-catalyzed reaction , was secreted from 3T3-L1 cells or adipose tissue cultures . 
Homocysteine release increased during 3T3-L1 differentiation and was reduced when adipose tissue was treated with the NNMT inhibitor 1-methylnicotinamide . 
Nicotinic acid ( NA ) , a widely used drug to lower elevated plasma lipid levels , induced NNMT enzyme activity in white adipose tissue of mice . 
In tissue culture nicotinamide treatment led to an increase in adipose tissue homocysteine secretion . 
These data support the concept that adipose tissue NNMT contributes to the increased plasma homocysteine levels in patients treated with NA . The implementation of a reactive functional group onto a material surface is of great importance . 
Reactive functional groups ( e . 
g . 
, an amino group and a hydroxyl group ) are usually hydrophilic , which makes it difficult to display them on a dry polymer surface . 
We here propose a novel method for displaying amino groups on the surfaces of polymeric substrates through dip-coating of a methacrylate-based copolymer . 
We synthesized copolymers composed of methyl methacrylate and 2-aminoethyl methacrylate with different protecting groups or ion-complexes on their amino groups , then dip-coated the copolymers onto a poly ( methyl methacrylate ) ( PMMA ) substrate . 
Evaluation using a cleavable fluorescent compound , which was synthesized in the present study to quantify a small amount ( pmol / cm ( 2 ) ) of amino groups on a solid surface , revealed that the protection of amino groups affected their surface segregation in the copolymer coating . 
p-Toluenesulfonate ion-complex and tert-butoxycarbonyl ( Boc ) protection of amino groups were found to effectively display amino groups on the surface ( more than 70 pmol / cm ( 2 ) ) . 
The density of amino groups displayed on a surface can be easily controlled by mixing the copolymer and PMMA before dip-coating . 
Dip-coating of the copolymer with Boc protection on various polymeric substrates also successfully displayed amino groups on their surfaces . 
Finally , we demonstrated that the amino groups displayed can be utilized for the immobilization of a DNA oligonucleotide on a substrate surface . Incretin and pancreatic hormone secretion in Caucasian non-diabetic carriers of the TCF7L2 rs7903146 risk T allele . Vardenafil ( Levitra ) , recently launched in Belgium by Bayer and Glaxo-SmithKline , is a new drug that potently and selectively inhibits phosphodiesterase type 5 ( PDE5 ) in the cavernosum tissue of the penis . 
Inhibition of PDE5 blocks the hydrolysis of cyclic guanosine monophosphate ( GMPc ) and results in increased arterial blood flow leading to enlargement of the corpus cavernosum and resulting in erection . 
In controlled clinical trials , vardenafil at least doubled the rate of successful erections as compared to placebo , whatever the evaluation parameter considered and the subgroup of patients studied . 
Vardenafil is thus indicated in the treatment of patients with erectile dysfunction . 
It is presented as 5 , 10 and 20 mg tablets and the usual dose is 10 mg to be ingested 25 to 60 minutes before sexual activity . 
Vardenafil has a more potent inhibitory activity of PDE5 in vitro than sildenafil or tadalafil while its pharmacokinetics in vivo is somewhat more rapid than that of the two other compounds . 
The dosage of vardenafil may be reduced to 5 mg ( especially in older individuals ) to improve tolerance or be increased up to 20 mg ( especially in the presence of organic diseases aggravating erectile dysfunction ) to improve efficacy . 
Contra-indications ( co-administration with drugs increasing nitric oxide ) and side-effects ( headache and flushing due to vasodilatation ) of vardenafil are similar to those of other PDE5 inhibitors . Segmental and complementary expression of L-serine biosynthetic enzyme 3-phosphoglycerate dehydrogenase and neutral amino acid transporter ASCT1 in the mouse kidney . Basolateral uptake of organic anions in renal proximal tubule cells is indirectly coupled to the Na ( + ) gradient through Na ( + ) -dicarboxylate cotransport and organic anion / dicarboxylate exchange . 
One member of the organic anion transporter ( OAT ) family , Oat1 , is expressed in the proximal tubule and is an organic anion / dicarboxylate exchanger . 
However , a second organic anion carrier , Oat3 , is also highly expressed in the renal proximal tubule , but its mechanism is unclear . 
Thus we have assessed Oat3 function in Xenopus laevis oocytes and rat renal cortical slices . 
Probenecid-sensitive uptake of p-aminohippurate ( PAH , an Oat1 and Oat3 substrate ) and estrone sulfate ( ES , an Oat3 substrate ) in rat Oat3-expressing oocytes was significantly trans-stimulated by preloading the oocytes with the dicarboxylate glutarate ( GA ) . 
GA stimulation of ES transport by oocytes coexpressing rabbit Na ( + ) -dicarboxylate cotransporter 1 and rat Oat3 was significantly inhibited when the preloading medium contained Li ( + ) or methylsuccinate ( MS ) or when Na ( + ) was absent . 
All these treatments inhibit the Na ( + ) -dicarboxylate cotransporter , but not rat Oat3 . 
Li ( + ) , MS , and Na ( + ) removal had no effect when applied during the ES uptake step , rather than during the GA preloading step . 
Concentrative ES uptake in rat renal cortical slices was also demonstrated to be probenecid and Na ( + ) sensitive . 
Accumulation of ES was stimulated by GA , and this stimulation was completely blocked by probenecid , Li ( + ) , MS , taurocholate , and removal of Na ( + ) . 
Thus Oat3 functions as an organic anion / dicarboxylate exchanger that couples organic anion uptake indirectly to the Na ( + ) gradient . The apoptosome : heart and soul of the cell death machine . The Long-Evans Cinnamon ( LEC ) rat shows age-dependent hepatic manifestations that are similar to those of Wilson's disease ( WD ) . 
The pathogenic process in the brain has , however , not been evaluated in detail due to the rarity of the neurological symptoms . 
However , copper accumulation is noted in LEC rat brain tissue from 24 weeks of age , which results in oxidative injuries . 
The current study investigated the gene expression profiles of LEC rat brains at 24 weeks of age in order to identify the important early molecular changes that underlie the development of neurological symptoms in WD . 
Biological ontology-based analysis revealed diverse altered expressions of the genes related to copper accumulation . 
Of particular interest , we found altered expression of genes connected to mitochondrial respiration ( Sdhaf2 and Ndufb7 ) , calcineurin-mediated cellular processes ( Ppp3ca , Ppp3cb , and Camk2a ) , amyloid precursor protein ( Anks1b and A2m ) and alpha-synuclein ( Snca ) . 
In addition to copper-related changes , compensatory upregulations of Cp and Hamp reflect iron-mediated neurotoxicity . 
Of note , reciprocal expression of Asmt and Bhmt is an important clue that altered S-adenosylhomocysteine metabolism underlies brain injury in WD , which is directly correlated to the decreased expression of S-adenosylhomocysteine hydrolase in hepatic tissue in LEC rats . 
In conclusion , our study indicates that diverse molecular changes , both variable and complex , underlie the development of neurological manifestations in WD . 
Copper-related injuries were found to be the principal pathogenic process , but Fe- or adenosylhomocysteine-related injuries were also implicated . 
Investigations using other animal models or accessible human samples will be required to confirm our observations . Locally administered prostaglandin E2 prevents aeroallergen-induced airway sensitization in mice through immunomodulatory mechanisms . The cytoplasmic receptor NOD2 ( nucleotide-binding oligomerization domain 2 ) senses peptidoglycan fragments and triggers host defense pathways , including activation of nuclear factor κB ( NF-κB ) signaling , which lead to inflammatory immune responses . 
Dysregulation of NOD2 signaling is associated with inflammatory diseases , such as Crohn's disease and Blau syndrome . 
We used a genome-wide small interfering RNA screen to identify regulators of the NOD2 signaling pathway . 
Several genes associated with Crohn's disease risk were identified in the screen . 
A comparison of candidates from this screen with other "omics" data sets revealed interconnected networks of genes implicated in NF-κB signaling , thus supporting a role for NOD2 and NF-κB pathways in the pathogenesis of Crohn's disease . 
Many of these regulators were validated in secondary assays , such as measurement of interleukin-8 secretion , which is partially dependent on NF-κB . 
Knockdown of putative regulators in human embryonic kidney 293 cells followed by stimulation with tumor necrosis factor-α revealed that most of the genes identified were general regulators of NF-κB signaling . 
Overall , the genes identified here provide a resource to facilitate the elucidation of the molecular mechanisms that regulate NOD2- and NF-κB-mediated inflammation . Poly ( ADP-ribose ) polymerase-1 ( PARP-1 ) enzyme is involved in the repair of DNA damages made by certain anticancer agents . 
It is suggested that PARP-1 inhibitors potentiate the cytotoxic effects and circumvent the resistance of DNA-modifying anticancer agents such as cisplatin . 
In this study , we conducted virtual screening of Korea Chemical Bank database targeting PARP-1 and identified several potent PARP-1 inhibitors with submicromolar IC50 values ( 77-79nM ) . 
We then examined the chemosensitization of cisplatin by pre-treatment of PARP-1 inhibitors in cisplatin-resistant human gastric cancer cells . 
Our results show that PARP-1 inhibitors suppress the formation of poly ( ADP-ribose ) and enhance the cytotoxicity of cisplatin . ( -- ) -Timolol is a more potent antagonist of the positive inotropic effects of ( -- ) -adrenaline than of those of ( -- ) -noradrenaline in human atrium . OBJECTIVE : Farnesyl diphosphate synthase ( FPPs ) produces FPP which is considered a branch-point intermediate in the synthesis of sterols and isoprenylated cellular metabolites . 
In this study we investigated whether detectable FPPs activity was present in human colorectal cancer ( CRC ) , also evaluating in vitro the role of this enzyme in the growth and apoptosis of CRC cells by using Pamidronate ( PAM ) , a FPPs activity inhibitor . 
METHODS : The activity level of FPPs was determined in CRC and the normal surrounding mucosa of 50 patients by radiochemical assay . 
The FPPs mRNA expression was investigated in 15 of 50 patients by quantitative reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction ( RT-PCR ) . 
K-ras mutation was evaluated using PCR and restriction enzyme analysis . 
Cell growth and apoptosis , after PAM treatment , in human CRC cell line DLD-1 were measured by MTT test and DNA fragmentation , respectively . 
RESULTS : FPPs activity was detectable in human CRC . 
FPPs activity and its mRNA were significantly more abundant in cancer samples than in normal mucosa . 
In vitro PAM resulted in a significant reduction of cell growth and also gave rise to a marked proapoptotic effect . 
CONCLUSIONS : This study provides the first evidence of the presence of FPPs activity in human CRC . 
Moreover , FPPs enzyme was found to play a significant role in colon cancer proliferation . Robust array-based coregulator binding assay predicting ERα-agonist potency and generating binding profiles reflecting ligand structure . [ Medication of the month . 
Vardenafil ( Levitra ) ] . Regulation of G protein-coupled receptor kinases by phospholipids . Evidence that hypophagia induced by d-fenfluramine and d-norfenfluramine in the rat is mediated by 5-HT2C receptors . The disturbances of the cholesterol synthesis and metabolism described in Alzheimer's disease ( AD ) may be both a consequence of the neurodegenerative process and a contributor to the pathogenesis . 
These putative relationships and their underlying mechanisms are not well understood . 
The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationship between the cerebral and extracerebral cholesterol synthesis and metabolism , and the AD pathology as reflected by CSF markers in humans . 
We evaluated the relationships between the plasma and the cerebrospinal fluid ( CSF ) concentrations of cholesterol , the cholesterol precursors lanosterol , lathosterol and desmosterol , and the cholesterol elimination products 24S-hydroxycholesterol and 27-hydroxycholesterol , and the CSF markers for AD pathology Aβ1-42 and p-tau181 in 86 subjects with normal cognition and in 107 AD patients . 
CSF desmosterol , cholesterol and 24S-hydroxycholesterol in the AD group , and CSF 24S-hydroxycholesterol in the control group correlated with the p-tau181 levels . 
Neither CSF nor plasma concentrations of the included compounds correlated with the CSF Aβ1-42 levels . 
In multivariate regression tests including age , gender , albumin ratio , number of the APOEɛ4 alleles , and diagnosis , p-tau181 levels independently predicted the CSF desmosterol , cholesterol and 24S-hydroxycholesterol concentrations . 
The associations remained significant for CSF cholesterol and 24S-hydroxycholesterol when analyses were separately performed in the AD group . 
The results suggest that alterations of CNS cholesterol de novo genesis and metabolism are related to neurodegeneration and in particular to the cerebral accumulation of phosphorylated tau . Acebutolol is a relatively new beta-adrenoceptor blocking antagonist , possessing both beta 1-adrenoceptor selectivity and partial agonist activity ( PAA ) . 
Its acute ( 24 h , 400 mg , twice daily ) and long-term effects ( 3 weeks ) on systemic and renal hemodynamics , body fluid volumes , hormones , and beta-adrenoceptor density on lymphocytes were studied in a single-blind placebo-controlled trial , in 10 hypertensive patients . 
The initial response to acebutolol ( 1-2 h ) was a fall in heart rate ( HR ) ( -9 . 6 + / - 2 . 7% ) , cardiac output ( -16 . 0 + / - 3% ) , and stroke volume ( SV ) ( -10 . 7 + / - 0 . 2% ) , and an increase in systemic vascular resistance ( SVR ) ( 18 . 0 + / - 3 . 9% ) . 
Mean arterial pressure ( MAP ) began to fall 2-3 h after dosing in parallel with a decrease in SVR . 
At the end of the acute study , MAP and SVR were decreased by 18 . 1 + / - 2 . 7% and 15 . 6 + / - 5 . 6% , respectively . 
By that time , HR and SV had returned to control values despite blockade of beta-adrenoceptors . 
After 3 weeks of treatment ( mean dose of acebutolol 480 mg twice daily ) , the fall in MAP was 10 . 1 + / - 2 . 7% and HR was decreased by 13 . 0 + / - 2 . 3% . 
Renal blood flow and glomerular filtration rate did not change . 
Acute and long-term treatment had no effect on the density of lymphocyte-membrane beta-adrenoceptors . 
This could be explained by acebutolol's beta 1 selectivity or , alternatively , this could be due to the drug's PAA . Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs induce colorectal cancer cell apoptosis by suppressing 14-3-3epsilon . T-Cells from HLA-B*57 : 01 + Human Subjects Are Activated with Abacavir through Two Independent Pathways and Induce Cell Death by Multiple Mechanisms . The effects of the phosphodiesterase type 5 inhibitor vardenafil on cognitive performance in healthy adults : a behavioral- electroencephalography study . Seventeen derivatives of 1 , 4-dihydropyridine ( DHP ) series were tested in vitro for their ability to inhibit [ 1 , 2 , 4- ( 3 ) H ] -dexamethasone binding to glucocorticoid receptor from the rat liver cytosol . 
Depending on structural features and inhibiting activities , the compounds can be divided into three groups . 
The first group ( nifedipine , foridone , J-6-163 , OSI-4164 and OSI-7724 ) had the highest activity : they inhibited specific ligand-receptor binding by 70-80% at concentrations of 10 ( -5 ) M and 10 ( -4 ) M , with apparent IC ( 50 ) values of 1 . 5-6 . 0 muM . 
The second group ( cerebrocrast , diethone , OSI-1211 and OSI-7265 ) was active at concentration of 10 ( -4 ) M , and their IC ( 50 ) values were 23-45 muM; compound OSI-5003 was almost inactive . 
Both groups are compounds with scarce water solubility , more or less lipophilic . 
The third group of compounds comprises ionogenic compounds ( organic cations or anions with corresponding inorganic counterions ) : most of them are water-soluble ( glutapyrone , carbatone , gammapyrone , OSI-2780 , OSI-1580 , OSI-2140 ) or liposome-forming ( A-74 ) . 
They lack the above-mentioned activity . 
Among the first two groups , compounds possessing more bulky substituents in positions 3 and 5 are less active . 
The aromatic ring in the position 4 is essential for the optimal activity . 
It seems that there is a bell-shaped dependence of activity upon lipophilicity . 
In general , the compounds of the first group are strong Ca-antagonists , while the second group includes moderate Ca-antagonists , but each group comprises also compounds which lack Ca antagonistic activity . 
All compounds of the third group lack Ca antagonistic properties . Membrane-bound polyphenoloxidase ( mPPO ) an oxidative enzyme which is responsible for the undesirable browning reaction in Snake fruit ( Salacca zalacca ( Gaertn . 
) Voss ) was investigated . 
The enzyme was extracted using a non-ionic detergent ( Triton X-114 ) , followed by temperature-induced phase partitioning technique which resulted in two separate layers ( detergent-poor phase at the upper layer and detergent-rich phase at the lower layer ) . 
The upper detergent-poor phase extract was subsequently fractionated by 40-80% ammonium sulfate and chromatographed on HiTrap Phenyl Sepharose and Superdex 200 HR 10 / 30 . 
The mPPO was purified to 14 . 1 folds with a recovery of 12 . 35% . 
A single prominent protein band appeared on native-PAGE and SDS-PAGE implying that the mPPO is a monomeric protein with estimated molecular weight of 38kDa . 
Characterization study showed that mPPO from Snake fruit was optimally active at pH 6 . 5 , temperature 30°C and active towards diphenols as substrates . 
The K ( m ) and V ( max ) values were calculated to be 5 . 46 mM and 0 . 98 U / ml / min , respectively , when catechol was used as substrate . 
Among the chemical inhibitors tested , l-cysteine showed the best inhibitory effect , with an IC ( 50 ) of 1 . 3 ± 0 . 002 mM followed by ascorbic acid ( 1 . 5 ± 0 . 06 mM ) , glutathione ( 1 . 5 ± 0 . 07 mM ) , EDTA ( 100 ± 0 . 02 mM ) and citric acid ( 186 ± 0 . 16 mM ) . An investigation of the 5-HT2C receptor gene as a migraine candidate gene . Alkaptonuria , a rare autosomal recessive disorder caused by mutations in the HGD gene and deficiency of homogentisate 1 , 2 dioxygenase , is characterized by ochronosis , arthritis , and daily excretion of gram quantities of homogentisic acid ( HGA ) . 
Nitisinone , an inhibitor of the enzyme 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase , can drastically reduce urinary excretion of HGA in individuals with alkaptonuria . 
We investigated the safety and the HGA-depleting efficacy of nitisinone in an open-label , single-center study of 9 alkaptonuria patients ( 5 women , 4 men; 35-69 years of age ) over the course of 3 to 4 months . 
Each patient received nitisinone in incremental doses , 0 . 35 mg bid followed by 1 . 05 mg bid , and remained on this dosage and a regular diet for 3 months . 
Nitisinone reduced urinary HGA levels from an average of 4 . 0 + / - 1 . 8 ( SD ) g / day to 0 . 2 + / - 0 . 2 g / day ( P < . 001 ) . 
The average plasma tyrosine concentration , initially 68 + / - 18 mmicro mol / L , rose to 760 + / - 181 micro mol / L ( P < . 001 ) . 
During the final week of the study , 5 patients adhered to a protein-restricted diet ( 40 g / day ) , and their mean plasma tyrosine level fell from 755 + / - 167 to 603 + / - 114 mu mol / L . 
Six of the 7 patients who received nitisinone for more than 1 week reported decreased pain in their affected joints . 
Weekly ophthalmologic examinations showed no signs of corneal toxicity . 
Adverse events included the passing of kidney stones , the recognition of symptoms related to aortic stenosis , and elevation of liver transaminase levels . 
We conclude that low-dose nitisinone effectively reduced urinary HGA levels in patients with alkaptonuria . 
Future long-term clinical trials are planned to determine the benefits of nitisinone in preventing joint deterioration and providing pain relief , and its long-term side effects . MeCP2 is a methyl-CpG-binding protein that is a main component of brain chromatin in vertebrates . 
In vitro studies have determined that in addition to its specific methyl-CpG-binding domain ( MBD ) MeCP2 also has several chromatin association domains . 
However , the specific interactions of MeCP2 with methylated or non-methylated chromatin regions and the structural characteristics of the resulting DNA associations in vivo remain poorly understood . 
We analysed the role of the MBD in MeCP2-chromatin associations in vivo using an MeCP2 mutant Rett syndrome mouse model ( Mecp2 ( tm ) ( 1 ) ( . 
) ( 1 ) ( Jae ) ) in which exon 3 deletion results in an N-terminal truncation of the protein , including most of the MBD . 
Our results show that in mutant mice , the truncated form of MeCP2 ( ΔMeCP2 ) is expressed in different regions of the brain and liver , albeit at 50% of its wild-type ( wt ) counterpart . 
In contrast to the punctate nuclear distribution characteristic of wt MeCP2 , ΔMeCP2 exhibits both diffuse nuclear localization and a substantial retention in the cytoplasm , suggesting a dysfunction of nuclear transport . 
In mutant brain tissue , neuronal nuclei are smaller , and ΔMeCP2 chromatin is digested faster by nucleases , producing a characteristic nuclease-resistant dinucleosome . 
Although a fraction of ΔMeCP2 is found associated with nucleosomes , its interaction with chromatin is transient and weak . 
Thus , our results unequivocally demonstrate that in vivo the MBD of MeCP2 together with its adjacent region in the N-terminal domain are critical for the proper interaction of the protein with chromatin , which cannot be replaced by any other of its protein domains . Time-dependent changes in hepatic and intestinal induction of cytochrome P450 3A after administration of dexamethasone to rats . Structural basis for the altered drug sensitivities of non-small cell lung cancer-associated mutants of human epidermal growth factor receptor . Transforming growth factor-beta ( TGF-β ) has a dual role in epithelial malignancies , including head and neck squamous cell carcinoma ( HNSCC ) . 
Attenuation of canonical TGF-β signaling enhances de novo tumor development , whereas TGF-β overexpression and signaling paradoxically promotes malignant progression . 
We recently observed that TGF-β-induced growth arrest response is attenuated , in association with aberrant activation of nuclear factor-κB ( NF-κB ) , a transcription factor , which promotes malignant progression in HNSCC . 
However , what role cross-talk between components of the TGF-β and NF-κB pathways plays in altered activation of these pathways has not been established . 
Here , we show TGF-β receptor II and TGF-β-activated kinase 1 ( TAK1 ) are predominantly expressed in a subset of HNSCC tumors with nuclear activation of NF-κB family member RELA ( p65 ) . 
Further , TGF-β1 treatment induced sequential phosphorylation of TAK1 , IKK , IκBα and RELA in human HNSCC lines . 
TAK1 enhances TGF-β-induced NF-κB activation , as TAK1 siRNA knockdown decreased TGF-β1-induced phosphorylation of IKK , IκB and RELA , degradation of IκBα , RELA nuclear translocation and DNA binding , and NF-κB-induced reporter and target gene transcription . 
Functionally , TAK1 siRNA inhibited cell proliferation , migration and invasion . 
Celastrol , a TAK1 inhibitor and anti-inflammatory compound used in traditional Chinese medicine , also decreased TGF-β1-induced phosphorylation of TAK1 and RELA , and suppressed basal , TGF-β1- and tumor necrosis factor-alpha ( TNF-α ) -induced NF-κB reporter gene activity . 
Celastrol also inhibited cell proliferation , while increasing sub-G0 DNA fragmentation and Annexin V markers of apoptosis . 
Furthermore , TGF-β and RELA activation promoted SMAD7 expression . 
In turn , SMAD7 preferentially suppressed TGF-β-induced SMAD and NF-κB reporters when compared with constitutive or TNF-α-induced NF-κB reporter gene activation . 
Thus , cross-talk by TGF-β via TAK1 and NF-κB promotes the malignant phenotype of HNSCC . 
Moreover , NF-κB may contribute to the downstream attenuation of canonical TGF-β signaling through increased SMAD7 expression . 
Celastrol highlights the therapeutic potential of agents targeting TAK1 as a key node in this pro-oncogenic TGF-β-NF-κB signal pathway . Streptococcus pneumoniae ClpP protease induces apoptosis via caspase-independent pathway in human neuroblastoma cells : cytoplasmic relocalization of p53 . Panaxadiol ( PD ) is a purified sapogenin of ginseng saponins , which exhibits anticancer activity . 
Epigallocatechin gallate ( EGCG ) , a major catechin in green tea , is a strong botanical antioxidant . 
In this study , we investigated the possible synergistic anticancer effects of PD and EGCG on human colorectal cancer cells and explored the potential role of apoptosis in the synergistic activities . 
Effects of selected compounds on HCT-116 and SW-480 human colorectal cancer cells were evaluated by a modified trichrome stain cell proliferation analysis . 
Cell cycle distribution and apoptotic effects were analyzed by flow cytometry after staining with PI / RNase or annexin V / PI . 
Cell growth was suppressed after treatment with PD ( 10 and 20 µm ) for 48 h . 
When PD ( 10 and 20 µm ) was combined with EGCG ( 10 , 20 , and 30 µm ) , significantly enhanced antiproliferative effects were observed in both cell lines . 
Combining 20 µm of PD with 20 and 30 µm of EGCG significantly decreased S-phase fractions of cells . 
In the apoptotic assay , the combination of PD and EGCG significantly increased the percentage of apoptotic cells compared with PD alone ( p < 0 . 01 ) . 
The synergistic apoptotic effects were also supported by docking analysis , which demonstrated that PD and EGCG bound in two different sites of the annexin V protein . 
Data from this study suggested that apoptosis might play an important role in the EGCG-enhanced antiproliferative effects of PD on human colorectal cancer cells . This study was performed to assess the affinity of tamsulosin to the alpha ( 1L ) - in addition to alpha ( 1B ) -adrenoceptor ( alpha ( 1 ) -AR ) subtypes coexisting in the canine aorta using the radioligand binding assay . 
The antagonistic effects of this drug on contraction of the rat aorta were also assessed , and the results were compared with those obtained with prazosin , amosulalol , labetalol , ketanserin , clonidine and propranolol . 
The pKi value of tamsulosin to the alpha ( 1L ) -subtype was lower than those of prazosin and HV-723 , but higher than those of amosulalol , ketanserin and labetalol . 
The pKi value of tamsulosin for the alpha ( 1B ) -subtype in the canine aorta was similar to that of prazosin . 
However , this drug showed a higher pKi value than amosulalol , HV-723 , labetalol and ketanserin . 
On the other hand , the order of inhibition potencies for contraction of the rat aorta by phenylephrine was as follows : prazosin > tamsulosin > amosulalol > HV-723 > labetalol > ketanserin > clonidine > propranolol . 
Thus , although the affinity of tamsulosin to the alpha ( 1B ) -AR subtype in the canine aorta was as high as that in the bovine prostate reported in our previous study , the affinity ( pKi 7 . 
87 ) of this drug to alpha ( 1L ) -AR in the canine aorta was lower than that ( pKi 8 . 99 ) in the bovine prostate . 
These observations suggested that the pharmacological potencies of tamsulosin in the aorta and prostate may be different . Reconstitution of homomeric GluA2 ( flop ) receptors in supported lipid membranes : functional and structural properties . The antipsychotic aripiprazole is a potent , partial agonist at the human 5-HT1A receptor . Synthesis and quantitative structure-activity relationships of selective BCRP inhibitors . Tadalafil ( Cialis ) for men with erectile dysfunction . Zinc-dependent lysosomal enlargement in TRPML1-deficient cells involves MTF-1 transcription factor and ZnT4 ( Slc30a4 ) transporter . UNLABELLED : The effects of a topically applied corticosteroid , budesonide , on the expression of glucocorticoid receptor ( GR ) mRNA and regulation of pro-inflammatory cytokine patterns in patients with nasal polyps were evaluated . 
All patients were eligible for surgical polypectomy , and a majority of them had been treated with nasal steroids . 
Patients were given 400 microg b . 
i . 
d . 
( group A , n = 11 ) , 200 microg b . 
i . 
d . 
( group B , n = 10 ) , or no treatment ( group C , n = 15 ) during two months before polypectomy . 
Morning serum cortisol was analyzed on the day of surgery . 
Surgically removed polyps were taken for analysis of GR mRNA expression by solution hybridization . 
Remaining tissue was cryostat-sectioned , whereafter quantification of the cytokines interleukin 1beta , interleukin 2 , interleukin 4 , interleukin 5 , interleukin 6 , interleukin 10 , tumor necrosis factor alpha , and interferon gamma was made by immunohistochemistry and digitized image analysis . 
No significant differences among the three groups were found for any of the parameters investigated . 
CONCLUSION : nasal polyps do not respond with down-regulation of GR mRNA or cytokines following topical corticosteroid treatment . 
The proposed corticosteroid resistance may be inherent , or induced by a change of local tissue bioavailability . Persistent and high-level expression of human liver prolidase in vivo in mice using adenovirus . A novel metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 positive allosteric modulator acts at a unique site and confers stimulus bias to mGlu5 signaling . A 27 . 368 kDa retinal reductase in New Zealand white rabbit liver cytosol encoded by the peroxisomal retinol dehydrogenase-reductase cDNA : purification and characterization of the enzyme . Pathophysiological roles of aldo-keto reductases ( AKR1C1 and AKR1C3 ) in development of cisplatin resistance in human colon cancers . Receptor and non-receptor tyrosine kinases ( TKs ) have emerged as clinically useful drug target molecules for treating gastrointestinal cancer . 
Imatinib mesilate ( STI-571 , Gleevec ( TM ) ) , an inhibitior of bcr-abl TK , which was primarily designed to treat chronic myeloid leukemia is also an inhibitor of c-kit receptor TK , and is currently the drug of choice for the therapy of metastatic gastrointestinal stromal tumors ( GISTs ) , which frequently express constitutively activated forms of the c-kit-receptor . 
The epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) , which is involved in cell proliferation , metastasis and angiogenesis , is another important target . 
The two main classes of EGFR inhibitors are the TK inhibitors and monoclonal antibodies . 
Gefitinib ( ZD1839 , Iressa ( TM ) ) has been on trial for esophageal and colorectal cancer ( CRC ) and erlotinib ( OSI-774 , Tarceva ( TM ) ) on trial for esophageal , colorectal , hepatocellular , and biliary carcinoma . 
In addition , erlotinib has been evaluated in a Phase III study for the treatment of pancreatic cancer . 
Cetuximab ( IMC-C225 , Erbitux ( TM ) ) , a monoclonal EGFR antibody , has been FDA approved for the therapy of irinotecan resistant colorectal cancer and has been tested for pancreatic cancer . 
Vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) and its receptor ( VEGFR ) are critical regulators of tumor angiogenesis . 
Bevacizumab ( Avastin ( TM ) ) , a monoclonal antibody against VEGF , was efficient in two randomized clinical trials investigating the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer . 
It is also currently investigated for the therapy of pancreatic cancer in combination with gemcitabine . 
Other promising new drugs currently under preclinical and clinical evaluation , are VEGFR2 inhibitor PTK787 / ZK 222584 , thalidomide , farnesyl transferase inhibitor R115777 ( tipifarnib , Zarnestra ( TM ) ) , matrix metalloproteinase inhibitors , proteasome inhibitor bortezomib ( Velcade ( TM ) ) , mammalian target of rapamycin ( mTOR ) inhibitors , cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) inhibitors , platelet derived growth factor receptor ( PDGF-R ) inhibitors , protein kinase C ( PKC ) inhibitors , mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase ( MEK ) 1 / 2 inhibitors , Rous sarcoma virus transforming oncogene ( SRC ) kinase inhibitors , histondeacetylase ( HDAC ) inhibitors , small hypoxia-inducible factor ( HIF ) inhibitors , aurora kinase inhibitors , hedgehog inhibitors , and TGF-beta signalling inhibitors . Human monoglyceride lipase ( MGL ) is a recently identified lipase and very little is known about its regulation and function in cellular regulatory processes , particularly in context to human malignancy . 
In this study , we investigated the regulation and function of MGL in human cancer ( s ) and report that MGL expression was either absent or reduced in the majority of primary colorectal cancers . 
Immunohistochemical studies showed that reduction of MGL expression in the colorectal tumor tissues predominantly occurred in the cancerous epithelial cells . 
MGL was found to reside in the core surface of a cellular organelle named 'lipid body' . 
Furthermore , it was found to interact selectively with a number of phospholipids , including phosphatidic acid and phosphoinositol ( 3 , 4 , 5 ) P3 , phosphoinositol ( 3 , 5 ) P2 , phosphoinositol ( 3 , 4 ) P2 and several other phosphoinositides , and among all phosphoinositides analyzed , its interaction with PI ( 3 , 4 , 5 ) P3 was found to be the strongest . 
In addition , overexpression of MGL suppressed colony formation in tumor cell lines and knockdown of MGL resulted in increased Akt phosphorylation . 
Taken together , our results suggest that MGL plays a negative regulatory role in phosphatidylinositol-3 kinase / Akt signaling and tumor cell growth . New progestagens for contraceptive use . Rapid quantitation of plasma 2'-deoxyuridine by high-performance liquid chromatography / atmospheric pressure chemical ionization mass spectrometry and its application to pharmacodynamic studies in cancer patients . From insects to cancer : N-Cyano sulfoximines were evaluated for COX inhibition and antiproliferative activity against a panel of cancer cell lines . 
The most active compound exhibited potent COX-2 inhibition , some selectivity for COX-2 over COX-1 , only slight cytotoxicity towards healthy cells ( HaCaT skin cells ) , and no mutagenic potential ( as determined by an Ames assay ) . Copper induced upregulation of apoptosis related genes in zebrafish ( Danio rerio ) gill . A single residue in leucyl-tRNA synthetase affecting amino acid specificity and tRNA aminoacylation . The present study was undertaken to determine whether subacute treatment with aqueous extract of carob ( Ceratonia siliqua L . 
) pods ( AECPs ) protects against ethanol ( EtOH ) -induced oxidative stress in rat liver . 
Animals were divided into four groups : control , carob , EtOH and EtOH + carob . 
Wistar rats were intraperitoneally pretreated with AECP ( 600 mg / kg body weight ( bw ) ) during 7 days and intoxicated for 6 h by acute oral administration of EtOH ( 6 g / kg bw ) 24 h after the last injection . 
We found that acute administration of EtOH leads to hepatotoxicity as monitored by the increase in the levels of hepatic marker aspartate aminotransferase and alanine aminotransferase as well as hepatic tissue injury . 
EtOH also increased the formation of malondialdehyde in the liver , indicating an increase in lipid peroxidation and depletion of antioxidant enzyme activities as superoxide dismutase , catalase and glutathione peroxidase . 
Subacute carob pretreatment prevented all the alterations induced by EtOH and returned their levels to near normal . 
Importantly , we showed that acute alcohol increased hepatic and plasmatic hydrogen peroxide and free iron levels . 
The carob pretreatment reversed EtOH effects to near control levels . 
These data suggest that carob could have a beneficial effect in inhibiting the oxidative damage induced by acute EtOH administration and that its mode of action may involve an opposite effect on plasma and tissue-free iron accumulation . 
Indeed , carob can be offered as a food additive to protect against EtOH-induced oxidative damage . Aspirin is a commonly used drug with a wide pharmacological spectrum including antiplatelet , anti-inflammatory , and neuroprotective actions . 
This study shows that aspirin and sodium salicylate , its major blood metabolite , reverse contractile actions of endothelin-1 ( ET-1 ) in isolated rat aorta and human mammary arteries . 
They also prevent the intracellular Ca ( 2 + ) mobilizing action of ET-1 in cultured endothelial cells but not those of neuromedin B or UTP . 
Inhibition of the actions of ET-1 by salicylates is apparently competitive . 
Salicylates inhibit ( 125 ) I-ET-1 binding to recombinant rat ETA receptors . 
Salicylic acid promotes dissociation of ( 125 ) I-ET-1 ETA receptor complexes both in the absence and the presence of unlabeled ET-1 . 
It has no influence on the rate of association of ( 125 ) I-ET-1 to ETA receptors . 
Salicylates do not promote dissociation of ( 125 ) I-ET-1 ETB receptor complexes . 
Salicylates potentiate relaxing actions of receptor antagonists such as bosentan . 
It is concluded that salicylates are allosteric inhibitors of ETA receptors . 
The results also suggest that : 1 ) irreversible ET-1 binding probably limits actions of receptor antagonists in vivo , and 2 ) an association of salicylates and ETA receptor antagonists should be used to evaluate the physiopathological role of ET-1 and may be of therapeutic interest in the treatment of ischemic heart disease . Dose-response effect of tetracyclines on cerebral matrix metalloproteinase-9 after vascular endothelial growth factor hyperstimulation . A series of N-14 sidechain substituted analogues of styelsamine ( pyrido [ 4 , 3 , 2-mn ] acridine ) and cystodytin ( pyrido [ 4 , 3 , 2-mn ] acridin-4-one ) alkaloids have been prepared and evaluated for their DNA binding affinity and antiproliferative activity towards a panel of human tumor cell lines . 
Overall it was found that styelsamine analogues were stronger DNA binders , with the natural products styelsamines B and D having particularly high affinity ( K ( app ) 5 . 33 × 10 ( 6 ) and 3 . 64 × 10 ( 6 ) M ( -1 ) , respectively ) . 
In comparison , the cystodytin iminoquinone alkaloids showed lower affinity for DNA , but were typically just as active as styelsamine analogues at inhibiting proliferation of tumor cells in vitro . 
Sub-panel selectivity towards non-small cell lung , melanoma and renal cancer cell lines were observed for a number of the analogues . 
Correlation was observed between whole cell activity and clogP , with the most potent antiproliferative activity being observed for 3-phenylpropanamide analogues 37 and 41 ( NCI panel average GI ( 50 ) 0 . 4 μM and 0 . 32 μM , respectively ) with clogP ~4 . 0-4 . 5 . In vitro effect of sanguinarine alkaloid on binding of [ 3H ] candesartan to the human angiotensin AT1 receptor . Hybrid carbon nanotube networks as efficient hole extraction layers for organic photovoltaics . Chronic pains management costs billions of dollars in medical exchequer to the world population . 
Additionally , 77% of people with chronic pains also have a degree of medically treatable depression . 
Opioids have a narrower safety index due to their side effects associated with its tolerance , hyperalgesia and subsequent dependence . 
Likewise , non steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and anticonvulsants , also have limited safety and tolerability profile in the management of chronic pains . 
Bacopa monnieri , a renowned ayurvedic medicine has a strong antidepressant effect and significant antinociceptive effect , which is comparable to the effect of morphine via adenosinergic , opioidergic , and adrenergic mechanisms . 
BM has been also reported to be effective in neuropathic pains . 
Additionally , it has a strong anti-inflammatory effect mediated via COX-2 inhibitory mechanism . 
Apart from its effect of augmenting morphine analgesia , BM also inhibits opioid-withdrawal induced hyperalgesia , and acquisition and expression of morphine tolerance . 
BM is reported to have a strong protective effect against toxic effects of opiates on major organs like brain , kidneys and heart . 
BM is well documented to be safe and well tolerated herbal therapy in multiple clinical trials including various age groups . 
This minireview evaluated the preclinical data that highlights potential of BM as a future candidate for clinical management of chronic pains . Imatinib mesylate is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor of the ABL , platelet-derived growth factor receptor ( PDGFR ) , and c-kit kinases . 
Inhibition of BCR-ABL and c-kit accounts for its clinical activity in leukemia and sarcoma , respectively . 
In this report , we describe other cellular targets for imatinib . 
Treatment of head and neck squamous carcinoma cells with clinically relevant concentrations of imatinib-induced changes in cell morphology and growth similar to changes associated with epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) activation . 
Imatinib-induced changes were blocked with the EGFR antagonist cetuximab , which suggested direct involvement of EGFR in this process . 
Western blot analysis of cells incubated with imatinib demonstrated activation of EGFR and downstream signaling that was reduced by inhibition of mitogen-activated protein / extracellular signal-regulated kinase kinase 1 ( MEK1 ) and EGFR , but not Her2 / ErbB2 . 
An in vitro kinase assay showed that imatinib did not directly affect EGFR kinase activity , suggesting involvement of EGFR-activating molecules . 
Inhibitors and neutralizing antibodies against heparin-binding epidermal growth factor-like growth factor ( HB-EGF ) , and to a lesser extent transforming growth factor-alpha , reduced imatinib-mediated mitogen activated protein kinase ( MAPK ) activation . 
Imatinib stimulated the rapid release of soluble HB-EGF and the subsequent induction of membrane-bound HB-EGF , which correlated with biphasic MAPK activation . 
Together , these results suggested that imatinib affects EGFR activation and signaling pathways through rapid release and increased expression of endogenous EGFR-activating ligands . 
Although , imatinib primarily inhibits tyrosine kinases , it also stimulates the activity of EGFR tyrosine kinase in head and neck squamous tumors . 
This finding demonstrates the need for careful use of this drug in cancer patients . AIM : To study the changes in the expression and phosphorylation of cAMP response element binding protein ( CREB ) in the rat nucleus accumbens after chronic ethanol intake and its withdrawal . 
METHODS : Ethanol was given in drinking water at the concentration of 6 % ( v / v ) , for one month . 
Changes in the levels of CREB and phospho-CREB ( p-CREB ) protein in the nucleus accumbens were measured by immunohistochemistry methods . 
RESULTS : Ethanol given to rats in drinking water decreased the level of p-CREB protein in the nucleus accumbens ( -75 % ) at the time of exposure to ethanol . 
The decrement of p-CREB protein in the nucleus accumbens remained at 24 h ( -35 % ) and 72 h ( -28 % ) of ethanol withdrawal , which recovered toward control level after 7 d of ethanol withdrawal . 
However , chronic ethanol , as well as ethanol withdrawal failed to produce any significant alteration in the level of CREB protein in the nucleus accumbens . 
Naloxone ( alone ) treatment of rats had no effect on the levels of CREB and p-CREB protein in the nucleus accumbens . 
However , when naloxone was administered concurrently with ethanol treatment , it antagonized the down-regulation of p-CREB protein in the nucleus accumbens ( 142 % ) of rats exposed to ethanol . 
CONCLUSION : A long-term intake of ethanol solution down-regulates the phosphorylation of CREB in the nucleus accumbens , and those changes can be reversed by naloxone , which may be one kind of the molecular mechanisms associated with ethanol dependence . The neuronal vesicular monoamine transporter ( VMAT2 ) is the target molecule of action of some psychostimulants , such as methamphetamine and 3 , 4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine ( MDMA ) . 
The present study examined the effect of antidepressants , such as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( SSRIs ) , on VMAT2 activity by measuring adenosine triphosphate-dependent [ ( 3 ) H ] dopamine uptake into synaptic vesicles prepared from rat striatum . 
SSRIs , fluoxetine , paroxetine , and fluvoxamine , inhibited vesicular [ ( 3 ) H ] dopamine uptake in vitro . 
The rank order of potency was reserpine>>fluoxetine , paroxetine>fluvoxamine , methamphetamine>MDMA . 
Moreover , kinetic analysis revealed that inhibition by reserpine , a typical VMAT2 inhibitor , was uncompetitive , decreasing maximum velocity and affinity for dopamine . 
Inhibition by fluoxetine was noncompetitive , only decreasing maximum velocity for dopamine . 
These results suggest that fluoxetine inhibited the activity of VMAT2 by a mechanism different from that of reserpine and did not directly interact with the active site of VMAT2 . The neuropathological hallmarks of Alzheimer's disease ( AD ) and other taupathies include neurofibrillary tangles and plaques . 
Despite the fact that only 2-10% of AD cases are associated with genetic mutations , no nontransgenic or metabolic models have been generated to date . 
The findings of tryptophanyl-tRNA synthetase ( TrpRS ) in plaques of the AD brain were reported recently by the authors . 
Here it is shown that expression of cytoplasmic-TrpRS is inversely correlated with neurofibrillary degeneration , whereas a nonionic detergent-insoluble presumably aggregated TrpRS is simultaneously accumulated in human cells treated by tryptamine , a metabolic tryptophan analog that acts as a competitive inhibitor of TrpRS . 
TrpRSN- terminal peptide self-assembles in double-helical fibrils in vitro . 
Herein , tryptamine causes neuropathy characterized by motor and behavioral deficits , hippocampal neuronal loss , neurofibrillary tangles , amyloidosis , and glucose decrease in mice . 
Tryptamine induced the formation of helical fibrillary tangles in both hippocampal neurons and glia . 
Taken together with the authors' previous findings of tryptamine-induced nephrotoxicity and filamentous tangle formation in kidney cells , the authors' data indicates a general role of tryptamine in cell degeneration and loss . 
It is concluded that tryptamine as a component of a normal diet can induce neurodegeneration at the concentrations , which might be consumed along with food . 
Tryptophan-dependent tRNAtrp aminoacylation catalyzed by TrpRS can be inhibited by its substrate tryptophan at physiological concentrations was demonstrated . 
These findings indicate that the dietary supplementation with tryptophan as a tryptamine competitor may not counteract the deleterious influence of tryptamine . 
The pivotal role of TrpRS in protecting against neurodegeneration is suggested , providing an insight into the pathogenesis and a possible treatment of neurodegenerative diseases . Antagonism of adenosine A2A receptor function has been proposed as an effective therapy in the treatment of Parkinson's disease . 
Thus , the study of new adenosine receptor antagonists is of great importance for the potential use of these drugs in clinical practice . 
The present study evaluated effects of the new preferential adenosine A2A receptor antagonist 2-butyl-9-methyl-8- ( 2H-1 , 2 , 3-triazol-2-yl ) -9H-purin-6-ylamine ( ST1535 ) in unilaterally 6-hydroxydopamine lesioned rats . 
Acute ST1535 dose-dependently potentiated contralateral turning behaviour induced by a threshold dose of l-3 , 4-dihydroxyphenylalanine ( L-DOPA ) ( 3 mg / kg i . 
p . 
) , a classical test for antiparkinson drug screening . 
Subchronic ( 18 days , twice a day ) ST1535 ( 20 mg / kg i . 
p . 
) + L-DOPA ( 3 mg / kg i . 
p . 
) did not induce sensitization to turning behaviour or abnormal involuntary movements during the course of treatment , indicating a low dyskinetic potential of the drug . 
Moreover , while subchronic administration of a fully effective dose of L-DOPA ( 6 mg / kg i . 
p . 
) significantly increased GABA synthesizing enzyme glutamic acid decardoxylase ( GAD67 ) , dynorphin and enkephalin mRNA levels in the lesioned striatum , subchronic ST1535 ( 20 mg / kg i . 
p . 
) + L-DOPA ( 3 mg / kg i . 
p . 
) did not modify any of these markers , although it induced a similar number of contralateral rotations at the beginning of treatment . 
Finally , acute administration of ST1535 ( 20 mg / kg i . 
p . 
) proved capable of reducing jaw tremors in tacrine model of Parkinson's disease tremor . 
Results showed that ST1535 , in association with a low dose of L-DOPA , displayed antiparkinsonian activity similar to that produced by a full dose of L-DOPA without exacerbating abnormal motor side effects . 
Moreover , in agreement to other well characterized adenosine A2A receptor antagonists , ST1535 features antitremorigenic effects . The constitutive androstane receptor ( CAR ) not only displays a high basal transcriptional activity but also acts as a ligand-dependent transcriptional factor . 
It is known that CAR exhibits different ligand profiles across species . 
However , the mechanisms underlying CAR activation by chemicals and the species-specific responses are not fully understood . 
The objectives of this study are to establish a high-throughput tool to screen CAR ligands and to clarify how CAR proteins from the Baikal seal ( bsCAR ) and the mouse ( mCAR ) interact with chemicals and steroid receptor coactivator 1 ( SRC1 ) . 
We developed the surface plasmon resonance ( SPR ) system to assess quantitatively the interaction of CAR with potential ligands and SRC1 . 
The ligand-binding domain ( LBD ) of bsCAR and mCAR was synthesized in a wheat germ cell-free system . 
The purified CAR LBD was then immobilized on the sensor chip for the SPR assay , and the kinetics of direct interaction of CARs with ligand candidates was measured . 
Androstanol and androstenol , estrone , 17β-estradiol , TCPOBOP , and CITCO showed compound-specific but similar affinities for both CARs . 
The CAR-SRC1 interaction was ligand dependent but exhibited a different ligand profile between the seal and the mouse . 
The results of SRC1 interaction assay accounted for those of our previous in vitro CAR-mediated transactivation assay . 
In silico analyses also supported the results of CAR-SRC1 interaction; there is little structural difference in the ligand-binding pocket of bsCAR and mCAR , but there is a distinct discrimination in the helix 11 and 12 of these receptors , suggesting that the interaction of ligand-bound CAR and SRC1 is critical for determining species-specific and ligand-dependent transactivation over the basal activity . 
The SPR assays demonstrated a potential as a high-throughput screening tool of CAR ligands . A small series of thiazolidine-2 , 4-dione and barbituric acid derivatives 1-4 was prepared using a short synthetic route , and all compounds were characterized by elemental analysis , mass spectrometry , and NMR ( ( 1 ) H , ( 13 ) C ) spectroscopy . 
Their in vitro relative expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor α and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ was evaluated . 
Compound 1 showed an increase in the mRNA expression of both peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor isoforms , as well as the GLUT-4 levels . 
The antidiabetic activity of compound 1 was determined at 50 mg / kg single dose using a non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus rat model . 
The results indicated a significant decrease in plasma glucose levels . 
Additionally , we performed a molecular docking of compound 1 into the ligand binding pocket of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor α and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ . 
In these binding models , compound 1 may bind into the active site of both isoforms showing important short contacts with the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ residues : Tyr 473 , His 449 , Ser 289 , His 323; and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor α residues : Tyr 464 , His 440 , Ser 280 and Tyr 314 . Vapreotide : a somatostatin analog for the treatment of acute variceal bleeding . OBJECTIVE : To determine in vivo the extent of damage to , and changes in turnover of , articular cartilage type II collagen ( CII ) and the proteoglycan aggrecan following the onset of inflammatory arthritis in humans , and to examine the hypothesis that there are direct relationships between cartilage biomarkers of damage / turnover and clinical , histologic , and molecular markers of inflammation . 
METHODS : Synovial fluid ( SF ) and synovial membrane ( SM ) were obtained by arthroscopy , and a synovitis score was determined , in 32 patients with rheumatoid arthritis ( RA ) ( 13 with early untreated disease , 19 with established disease ) , 18 with psoriatic arthritis ( PsA ) , and 10 with osteoarthritis ( OA ) . 
Systemic disease activity markers were recorded , and SM CD3 + T cells , CD4 + T cells , CD68 + macrophages , and lining layer hyperplasia were quantified . 
SF levels of tumor necrosis factor alpha ( TNFalpha ) , interleukin-10 ( IL-10 ) , matrix metalloproteinase 1 ( MMP-1 ) , MMP-3 , Col2-3 / 4C ( Long mono ) neoepitope ( C2C ) ( reflecting collagenase cleavage of cartilage CII ) , C-propeptide of type II procollagen ( PIICP ) ( a biosynthesis marker ) , keratan sulfate ( KS ) , and the 846 epitope of aggrecan ( turnover ) were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay or radioimmunoassay . 
RESULTS : Levels of cartilage degradation products in early RA or early PsA were not elevated above levels in OA , although in early inflammatory arthritis , TNFalpha and MMP-1 levels were similar to those observed in late inflammatory disease and higher than those in OA . 
PIICP was reduced in early RA . 
Correlations were observed between the SF C2C neoepitope level and the Health Assessment Questionnaire score , C-reactive protein level , plasma viscosity , synovitis score , and SF TNFalpha and MMP-1 levels . 
KS epitope content was reduced in direct relation to SM macrophage infiltration in the sublining and lining layers and in the presence of elevated SF MMP-3 . 
Both SF MMP-1 and SF MMP-3 levels correlated with CD4 + T cell infiltration and lining layer hyperplasia in the SM , and MMP-1 levels correlated with lining layer CD68 levels , but TNFalpha and IL-10 levels did not . 
CONCLUSION : Except for CII synthesis , there were no significant changes in extracellular matrix turnover of aggrecan or CII in the early stages of human inflammatory arthritis . 
However , the direct correlation between the increases in TNFalpha and MMP-1 production and collagen degradation suggests that collagenase cleavage of cartilage collagen is related to the activities of TNFalpha and MMP-1 . 
The reduction in CII synthesis in early RA may contribute to the developing pathology , since a lack of synthesis of this molecule would inhibit maintenance of cartilage matrix . Anti-inflammatory trends of 1 , 3-diphenyl-2-propen-1-one derivatives . Brain but not spinal NR2B receptor is responsible for the anti-allodynic effect of an NR2B subunit-selective antagonist CP-101 , 606 in a rat chronic constriction injury model . L-2-hydroxyglutaric aciduria , a defect of metabolite repair . Several fluid retentive states such as heart failure , cirrhosis of the liver , and syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion are associated with inappropriate elevation in plasma levels of arginine vasopressin ( AVP ) , a neuropeptide that is secreted by the hypothalamus and plays a critical role in the regulation of serum osmolality and in circulatory homeostasis . 
The actions of AVP are mediated by three receptor subtypes V1a , V2 , and V1b . 
The V1a receptor regulates vasodilation and cellular hypertrophy while the V2 receptor regulates free water excretion . 
The V1b receptor regulates adrenocorticotropin hormone release . 
Conivaptan is a nonpeptide dual V1a / V2 AVP receptor antagonist . 
It binds with high affinity , competitively , and reversibly to the V1a / V2 receptor subtypes; its antagonistic effect is concentration dependent . 
It inhibits CYP3A4 liver enzyme and elevates plasma levels of other drugs metabolized by this enzyme . 
It is approved only for short-term intravenous use . 
Infusion site reaction is the most common reason for discontinuation of the drug . 
In animals conivaptan increased urine volume and free water clearance . 
In heart failure models it improved hemodynamic parameters and free water excretion . 
Conivaptan has been shown to correct hyponatremia in euvolemic or hypervolemic patients . 
Its efficacy and safety for short-term use have led to the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) approval of its intravenous form for the correction of hyponatremia in euvolemic and hypervolemic states . 
Despite its ability to block the action of AVP on V1a receptors , no demonstrable benefit from this action was noted in patients with chronic compensated heart failure and it is not approved for this indication . 
Consideration should be given to further evaluation of its potential benefits in patients with acute decompensated heart failure . Synthesis of 2-aminomethyl-4-phenyl-1-azabicyclo [ 2 . 2 . 1 ] heptanes via LiAlH₄-induced reductive cyclization of 2- ( 4-chloro-2-cyano-2-phenylbutyl ) aziridines and evaluation of their antimalarial activity . How is ( 68 ) Ga labeling of macrocyclic chelators influenced by metal ion contaminants in ( 68 ) Ge / ( 68 ) Ga generator To compare in vivo effects of eleven compounds of different classes of histamine H1-receptor antagonists ( alcoholamines : diphenhydramine , carbinoxamine , and clemastine; ethylenediamines : mepyramine , tripelennamine , and clemizole; alkylamines : triprolidine and chlorpheniramine; piperazines : meclizine and homochlorcyclizine; phenothiazines : promethazine ) on neuronal uptake of dopamine ( DA ) , noradrenaline ( NA ) , and 5-hydroxytryptamine ( 5-HT ) , the effects on the turnover of these monoamines were examined in the mouse brain , based on the alpha-methyl-p-tyrosine-induced depletion of DA and NA or probenecid-induced accumulation of 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid . 
The DA turnover was reduced remarkably by diphenhydramine , tripelennamine , and promethazine , and also significantly by chlorpheniramine , mepyramine , clemizole , and homochlorcyclizine , at doses used in the ordinary animal experiments . 
The 5-HT turnover was reduced markedly by mepyramine , tripelennamine , and chlorpheniramine . 
In contrast , the NA turnover was increased by promethazine and homochlorcyclizine , possibly due to their antagonistic effects on alpha-adrenoceptors . 
These results suggest that ( 1 ) the degree of inhibition of the uptake of DA and 5-HT by histamine H1-receptor antagonists is considerably different , ( 2 ) most H1-antagonists have little influence on NA uptake and some compounds enhance NA release , and that ( 3 ) carbinoxamine , clemastine , triprolidine , and meclizine have comparatively weak influences on monoamine metabolism . 
These effects on brain monoamine systems may be related to some central actions of histamine H1-receptor antagonists , such as an addiction to these compounds combined with opioids . Intake of mulberry 1-deoxynojirimycin prevents diet-induced obesity through increases in adiponectin in mice . Reduced amplitude of the cortical P300 event-related potential ( ERP ) component during response inhibition is associated with vulnerability to alcohol use disorders . 
In the current study , we investigated the effect of an experimental manipulation of response conflict on the amplitude of the P300 component during response inhibition , and examined whether individual differences in the amplitude of this P300 component would predict voluntary ad-lib alcohol consumption , in social drinkers . 
Using a repeated measures design , 16 participants performed a stop-signal task after receiving instructions that either emphasised or de-emphasised response conflict while their electroencephalogram ( EEG ) was concurrently recorded , before their ad-lib drinking was assessed . 
Results revealed that task instructions had the predicted effects on behavioural indices of response inhibition and the associated P300 components . 
Most importantly , individual differences in the amplitude of P300 subcomponents during response inhibition were negatively correlated with ad-lib alcohol consumption . 
Results provide the first experimental support for theoretical models that posit that reduced amplitude of the P300 during response inhibition is associated with alcohol-seeking behaviour in humans . Distinct patterns of mutations occurring in de novo AML versus AML arising in the setting of severe congenital neutropenia . Cyclooxygenase and 5-lipoxygenase inhibitors protect against mononuclear phagocyte neurotoxicity . Benzodiazepines , but not beta carbolines , limit high frequency repetitive firing of action potentials of spinal cord neurons in cell culture . Effect of isolated isoflavone supplementation on ABCA1-dependent cholesterol efflux potential in postmenopausal women . BACKGROUND : Microdosing is a technique for studying the behavior of compounds in vivo at 1 / 100th of the dose of a test substance calculated , based on animal data , to yield a pharmacologic effect . 
In microdosing , use is made of accelerator MS ( AMS ) . 
In this study , we investigated whether ( 129 ) I-labeling of proteins with subsequent AMS measurements is a suitable method to perform microdose studies with therapeutic proteins . 
We used erythropoietin ( EPO ) as a case study . 
RESULTS : In an animal study with ( 129 ) I-labeled EPO in Han-Wistar rats , an increase of ( 129 ) I-EPO is observed after dose administration . 
The half-life was found to be 2 and 5 . 5 h for two different EPOs . 
These results are in accordance with expected values . 
CoNCLUSION : Although further research is required , ( 129 ) I-labeling of proteins seems a feasible method for AMS microdose studies with peptide and protein drugs , such as biosimilars . Chalcones ( 1 , 3-Diphenyl-2-propen-1-one ) are constituted by a three carbon α , β-unsaturated carbonyl system . 
The biosynthesis of flavonoids and isoflavonoids is initiated by chalcones . 
Notable pharmacological activities of chalcones and its derivatives include anti-inflammatory , antifungal , antibacterial , antimalarial , antituberculosis , antitumor , antimicrobial and antiviral effects respectively . 
Owing to simplicity of the chemical structures and a huge variety of pharmacological actions exhibited , the entities derived from chalcones are subjected to extensive consideration . 
This review article is an effort to sum up the anti-inflammatory activities of chalcone derived chemical entities . 
Effect of chalcones on lipid peroxidation , heme oxygenase 1 ( HO-1 ) , cyclooxygenase ( COX ) , interleukin 5 ( IL-5 ) , nitric oxide ( NO ) and expression of cell adhesion molecules ( CAM ) is summarized stepwise . Metabolic derangement of methionine and folate metabolism in mice deficient in methionine synthase reductase . The expression of cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) is a characteristic response to inflammation and can be inhibited with sodium salicylate . 
TNF-alpha plus IFN-gamma can induce extracellular signal-regulated kinase ( ERK ) , IKK , IkappaB degradation and NF-kappaB activation . 
The inhibition of the ERK pathway with selective inhibitor , PD098059 , blocked cytokine-induced COX-2 expression and PGE2 release . 
Salicylate treatment inhibited COX-2 expression induced by TNF-alpha / IFN-gamma and regulated the activation of ERK , IKK and IkappaB degradation and subsequent NF-kappaB activation in MC3T3E1 osteoblasts . 
As well , antioxidant-catalase , N-acetyl-cysteine or reduced glutathione-attenuated COX-2 expression in combined cytokines-treated cells . 
These antioxidants also inhibited the activation of ERK , IKK and NF-kappaB in MC3T3E1 osteoblasts . 
In addition , TNF-alpha / IFN-gamma stimulated ROS release in the osteoblasts . 
However salicylate had no obvious effect on ROS release in DCFDA assay . 
The results showed that salicylate inhibited the activation of ERK and IKK , IkappaB degradation and NF-kappaB activation independent of ROS release and suggested that salicylate exerts its anti-inflammatory action in part through inhibition of the ERK , IKK , IkappaB , NF-kappaB and resultant COX-2 expression pathway . Calmodulin ( CaM ) is an important regulator of Kv7 . 
x ( KCNQx ) voltage-gated potassium channels . 
Channels from this family produce neuronal M currents and cardiac and auditory I ( KS ) currents and harbor mutations that cause arrhythmias , epilepsy , and deafness . 
Despite extensive functional characterization , biochemical and structural details of the interaction between CaM and the channel have remained elusive . 
Here , we show that both apo-CaM and Ca ( 2 + ) / CaM bind to the C-terminal tail of the neuronal channel Kv7 . 4 ( KCNQ4 ) , which is involved in both hearing and mechanosensation . 
Interactions between apo-CaM and the Kv7 . 4 tail involve two C-terminal tail segments , known as the A and B segments , whereas the interaction between Ca ( 2 + ) / CaM and the Kv7 . 4 C-terminal tail requires only the B segment . 
Biochemical studies show that the calcium dependence of the CaM : B segment interaction is conserved in all Kv7 subtypes . 
X-ray crystallographic determination of the structure of the Ca ( 2 + ) / CaM : Kv7 . 4 B segment complex shows that Ca ( 2 + ) / CaM wraps around the Kv7 . 4 B segment , which forms an α-helix , in an antiparallel orientation that embodies a variation of the classic 1-14 Ca ( 2 + ) / CaM interaction motif . 
Taken together with the context of prior studies , our data suggest a model for modulation of neuronal Kv7 channels involving a calcium-dependent conformational switch from an apo-CaM form that bridges the A and B segments to a Ca ( 2 + ) / CaM form bound to the B-helix . 
The structure presented here also provides a context for a number of disease-causing mutations and for further dissection of the mechanisms by which CaM controls Kv7 function . Minocycline inhibits the production of inducible nitric oxide synthase in articular chondrocytes . Investigating the regulation of one-carbon metabolism in Arabidopsis thaliana . An 11 beta hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase ( 11 beta HSD ) activity has been localized in the rat kidney by a histochemical technique which links steroid metabolism with the production of a color reaction . 
Oxidation of 11 beta-hydroxyandrostenedione was observed in cortical distal convoluted tubules and in medullary collecting ducts . 
Carbenoxolone abolished staining , no reaction was obtained with androstenedione hydroxylated at the 17 or 19 position , and oxidation of 11 beta-hydroxyandrostenedione was nicotinamide-adenine dinucleotide ( NAD ) dependent . 
These results demonstrate the presence of a dehydrogenase activity separate from the nicotinamide-adenine dinucleotide phosphate ( NADP ) -dependent 11 beta hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase recently purified and cloned from rat liver . 
We have named this activity 11 beta HSD2 to distinguish it from the NADP-dependent 11 beta HSD . 
Histological studies showed that 11 beta HSD2 activity does not correlate with the immunocytochemical localization of the previously defined 11 beta HSD enzyme , but rather the 11 beta HSD2 activity is localized in the distal tubules of the rat kidney . 
In this respect 11 beta HSD2 colocalizes with the mineralocorticoid receptor . 
No reaction product was obtained using cortisol or corticosterone as substrate with either NAD or NADP as cofactor . 
Furthermore incubation of tissue sections with 11 beta androstenedione in the presence of deoxycorticosterone completely inhibited cytochemical staining . 
We interpret these results as evidence of 20 reductase activity which uses the reduced cofactor at the expense of the color reaction . 
These results support the crucial role played by an 11 beta hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase in the local protection of type I receptors in mineralocorticoid selective tissues . Case-control study of multiple chemical sensitivity , comparing haematology , biochemistry , vitamins and serum volatile organic compound measures . Neuronal androgen receptor regulates insulin sensitivity via suppression of hypothalamic NF-κB-mediated PTP1B expression . New data on the pharmacology of tricyclic antidepressants ( TCAs ) , their affinities for human cloned CNS receptors and their cytochrome P450 enzyme inhibition profiles , allow improved deductions concerning their effects and interactions and indicate which of the TCAs are the most useful . 
The relative toxicity of TCAs continues to be more precisely defined , as do TCA interactions with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( SSRIs ) . 
TCA interactions with monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( MAOIs ) have been , historically , an uncertain and difficult question , but are now well understood , although this is not reflected in the literature . 
The data indicate that nortriptyline and desipramine have the most pharmacologically desirable characteristics as noradrenaline reuptake inhibitors ( NRIs ) , and as drugs with few interactions that are also safe when coadministered with either MAOIs or SSRIs . 
Clomipramine is the only available antidepressant drug that has good evidence of clinically relevant serotonin and noradrenaline reuptake inhibition ( SNRI ) . 
These data assist drug selection for monotherapy and combination therapy and predict reliably how and why pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic interactions occur . 
In comparison , two newer drugs proposed to have SNRI properties , duloxetine and venlafaxine , may have insufficient NRI potency to be effective SNRIs . 
Combinations such as sertraline and nortriptyline may therefore offer advantages over drugs like venlafaxine that have fixed ratios of SRI / NRI effects that are not ideal . 
However , no TCA / SSRI combination is sufficiently safe to be universally applicable without expert knowledge . 
Standard texts ( e . 
g . 
the British National Formulary ) and treatment guidelines would benefit by taking account of these new data and understandings . Responses to an orally active renin inhibitor , remikiren ( Ro 42-5892 ) , after controlled salt depletion in humans . The present study determined the influence of a retinoid X receptor agonist bexarotene on angiogenesis and metastasis in solid tumours . 
In the experimental lung metastasis xenograft models , treatment with bexarotene inhibited the development of the lung tumour nodule formation compared to control . 
In vivo angiogenesis assay utilising gelfoam sponges , bexarotene reduced angiogenesis in sponges containing vascular endothelial growth factor , epidermal growth factor and basic fibroblast growth factor to various extent . 
To determine the basis of these observations , human breast and non-small-cell lung cancer cells were subjected to migration and invasion assays in the presence of bexarotene . 
Our data showed that bexarotene decrease migration and invasiveness of tumour cells in a dose-dependent manner . 
Furthermore , bexarotene inhibited angiogenesis by directly inhibiting human umbilical vein endothelial cell growth and indirectly inhibiting tumour cell-mediated migration of human umbilical vein endothelial cells through Matrigel matrix . 
Analysis of tumour-conditioned medium indicated that bexarotene decreased the secretion of angiogenic factors and matrix metalloproteinases and increased the tissue inhibitor of matrix metalloproteinases . 
The ability of bexarotene to inhibit angiogenesis and metastasis was dependent on activation of its heterodimerisation partner peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma . 
Collectively , our results suggest a role of bexarotene in treatment of angiogenesis and metastasis in solid tumours . Pharmacological profile of progestins . The Fusarium toxin deoxynivalenol ( DON ) modulates the LPS induced acute phase reaction in pigs . Identification of mRNAs bound and regulated by human LIN28 proteins and molecular requirements for RNA recognition . Acid-sensing ion channels ( ASICs ) are emerging as fundamental players in the regulation of neural plasticity and in pathological conditions . 
Here we showed that lead ( Pb2 + ) , a well known neurotoxic metal ion , reversibly and concentration-dependently inhibited ASIC currents in the acutely dissociated spinal dorsal horn and hippocampal CA1 neurons of rats . 
In vitro expression of ASIC subunits in combination demonstrated that both ASIC1 and -3 subunits were sensitive to Pb2 + . 
Mechanistically , Pb2 + reduced the pH sensitivity of ASICs independent of membrane voltage change . 
Moreover , Pb2 + inhibited the ASIC-mediated membrane depolarization and the elevation of intracellular Ca2 + concentration . 
In addition , we compared the effect of Pb2 + with that of Ca2 + or amiloride to explore the possible interactions of Pb2 + and Ca2 + in regulating ASICs , and we found that Pb2 + inhibited ASIC currents independent of the amiloride / Ca2 + blockade . 
Because ASIC1b and -3 subunits are mainly expressed in peripheral neurons , our data identified ASIC1a-containing Ca2 + -permeable ASIC as a novel central target of Pb2 + action , which may contribute to Pb2 + neurotoxicity . The breast cancer resistance protein ( BCRP / ABCG2 ) is a member of the ABC transporter superfamily . 
This protein has a number of physiological functions , including protection of the human body from xenobiotics . 
The overexpression of BCRP in certain tumor cell lines causes cross-resistance against various drugs used in chemotherapeutic treatment . 
In a previous work we showed that a new class of compounds derived from XR9576 ( tariquidar ) selectively inhibits BCRP . 
In this work we synthesized more members of this class , with modification on the second and third aromatic rings . 
The inhibitory activities against BCRP and P-gp were assayed using a Hoechst 33342 assay for BCRP and a calcein AM assay for P-gp . 
Finally , quantitative structure-activity relationships for both aromatic rings were established . 
The results obtained show the importance of the electron density on the third aromatic ring , influenced by substituents , pointing to interactions with aromatic residues of the protein binding site . 
In the second aromatic ring the activity of compounds is influenced by the steric volume of the substituents . Inhibition of cardiac voltage-gated sodium channels by grape polyphenols . Pharmacology of ramelteon , a selective MT1 / MT2 receptor agonist : a novel therapeutic drug for sleep disorders . OBJECTIVE : To examine whether binding of [ 3H ] paroxetine to the platelet serotonin transporter or binding of [ 3H ] lysergic acid diethylamide ( LSD ) to the platelet 5-HT ( 2A ) receptor are influenced by postmenopausal estrogen / progestogen treatment . 
METHODS : Twenty-three postmenopausal women with climacteric symptoms completed this double-blind , randomized , crossover study . 
The women received 2 mg of estradiol continuously during four 28-day cycles . 
In the last 14 days of each cycle , 10 mg of medroxyprogesterone acetate , 1 mg of norethindrone acetate , or placebo was given . 
Before treatment , as well as once during the last week of each treatment , blood samples were collected for analysis of [ 3H ] LSD and [ 3H ] paroxetine binding . 
The power of the study setup was 81% . 
The study had an effect size of 0 . 36 , corresponding to the ability to detect a 15% difference in [ 3H ] paroxetine and [ 3H ] LSD binding between treatments with alpha = . 05 and beta = . 20 , based on a previously reported standard deviation within cells of 20% of the mean binding values . 
RESULTS : The number of platelet receptors ( B ( max ) ) , or the affinity of the radioligand to the receptor ( K ( d ) ) , for [ 3H ] paroxetine binding did not change during estrogen or estrogen-progestogen treatment , nor did B ( max ) or K ( d ) for [ 3H ] LSD binding change during the different treatments . 
However , in a subgroup of depressed patients , the decrease in B ( max ) for [ 3H ] LSD binding during treatment was significantly more pronounced than in the nondepressed subgroup ( P < . 05 ) . 
CONCLUSION : Estrogen treatment with or without the addition of progestogen does not affect binding to the serotonin transporter or to the serotonergic 5-HT ( 2A ) receptor in healthy postmenopausal women . BACKGROUND : ( + / - ) -Modafinil has piqued interest as a treatment for attention-deficit / hyperactivity disorder and stimulant dependence . 
The R-enantiomer of modafinil might have unique pharmacological properties that should be further investigated . 
METHODS : ( + / - ) -Modafinil and its R- ( - ) - and S- ( + ) -enantiomers were synthesized and tested for inhibition of [ ( 3 ) H ] dopamine ( DA ) uptake and [ ( 3 ) H ] WIN 35428 binding in human dopamine transporter ( DAT ) wild-type and mutants with altered conformational equilibria . 
Data were compared with cocaine and the atypical DA uptake inhibitor , JHW 007 . 
R- and S-modafinil were also evaluated in microdialysis studies in the mouse nucleus accumbens shell and in a cocaine discrimination procedure . 
RESULTS : ( + / - ) - , R- , and S-modafinil bind to the DAT and inhibit DA uptake less potently than cocaine , with R-modafinil having approximately threefold higher affinity than its S-enantiomer . 
Molecular docking studies revealed subtle differences in binding modes for the enantiomers . 
R-modafinil was significantly less potent in the DAT Y156F mutant compared with wild-type DAT , whereas S-modafinil was affected less . 
Studies with the Y335A DAT mutant showed that the R- and S-enantiomers tolerated the inward-facing conformation better than cocaine , which was further supported by [ 2- ( trimethylammonium ) ethyl ] -methanethiosulfonate reactivity on the DAT E2C I159C . 
Microdialysis studies demonstrated that both R- and S-modafinil produced increases in extracellular DA concentrations in the nucleus accumbens shell less efficaciously than cocaine and with a longer duration of action . 
Both enantiomers fully substituted in mice trained to discriminate cocaine from saline . 
CONCLUSIONS : R-modafinil displays an in vitro profile different from cocaine . 
Future trials with R-modafinil as a substitute therapy with the potential benefit of cognitive enhancement for psychostimulant addiction are warranted . Structural features of the central cannabinoid CB1 receptor involved in the binding of the specific CB1 antagonist SR 141716A . Finasteride in the treatment of patients with benign prostatic hyperplasia : a review . Minor Compensatory Changes in SAGE Mdr1a ( P-gp ) , Bcrp , and Mrp2 Knockout Rats do not Detract from their General Utility in the Study of Transporter-mediated Pharmacokinetics . The effects of sex , ethnicity , and genetic polymorphism on hepatic CYP2B6 ( cytochrome P450 2B6 ) expression and activity were previously demonstrated in vitro . 
Race / ethnic differences in CYP2B6 genotype and phenotype were observed only in women . 
To identify important covariates associated with interindividual variation in CYP2B6 activity in vivo , we evaluated these effects in healthy volunteers using bupropion ( Wellbutrin SR GlaxoSmithKline , Research Triangle Park , NC ) as a CYP2B6 probe substrate . 
A fixed 150-mg oral sustained-release dose of bupropion was administered to 100 healthy volunteers comprising four sex / ethnicity cohorts ( n = 25 each ) : Caucasian men and Caucasian , African American , and Hispanic women . 
Blood samples were obtained at 0 and 6 hours postdose for the measurement of serum bupropion ( BU ) and hydroxybupropion ( HB ) concentrations . 
Whole blood was obtained at baseline for CYP2B6 genotyping . 
To characterize the relationship between CYP2B6 activity and ethnicity , sex , and genotype when accounting for serum BU concentrations ( dose-adjusted log ( 10 ) -transformed ) , analysis of covariance model was fitted in which the dependent variable was CYP2B6 activity represented as the log ( 10 ) -transformed , metabolic ratio of HB to BU concentrations . 
Several CYP2B6 polymorphisms were associated with CYP2B6 activity . 
Evidence of dependence of CYP2B6 activity on ethnicity or genotype-by-ethnicity interactions was not detected in women . 
These results suggest that CYP2B6 genotype is the most important patient variable for predicting the level of CYP2B6 activity in women , when measured by the metabolism of bupropion . 
The bupropion metabolic ratio appears to detect known differences in CYP2B6 activity associated with genetic polymorphism , across different ethnic groups . 
Prospective studies will be needed to validate the use of bupropion as a probe substrate for clinical use . A mutation in the FAM36A gene , the human ortholog of COX20 , impairs cytochrome c oxidase assembly and is associated with ataxia and muscle hypotonia . Influence of CYP2C9 and VKORC1 1173C / T genotype on the risk of hemorrhagic complications in African-American and European-American patients on warfarin . Lanthanum ( III ) regulates the nitrogen assimilation in soybean seedlings under ultraviolet-B radiation . Vitamin D receptor agonists ( VDRAs ) directly suppress parathyroid hormone ( PTH ) mRNA expression . 
Different VDRAs are known to have differential effects on serum calcium ( Ca ) , which may also affect serum PTH levels since serum Ca regulates PTH secretion mediated by the Ca-sensing receptor ( CaSR ) . 
In this study , we compared the effects of paricalcitol and doxercalciferol on regulating serum Ca and PTH , and also the expression of PTH , VDR , and CaSR mRNA . 
The 5 / 6 nephrectomized ( NX ) Sprague-Dawley rats on a normal or hyperphosphatemia-inducing diet were treated with vehicle , paricalcitol , or doxercalciferol for two weeks . 
Both drugs at the tested doses ( 0 . 042-0 . 33 mug / kg ) suppressed PTH mRNA expression and serum PTH effectively in the 5 / 6 NX rats , but paricalcitol was less potent in raising serum Ca than doxercalciferol . 
In pig parathyroid cells , paricalcitol and the active form of doxercalciferol induced VDR translocation from the cytoplasm into the nucleus , suppressed PTH mRNA expression and inhibited cell proliferation in a similar manner , although paricalcitol induced the expression of CaSR mRNA more effectively . 
The multiple effects of VDRAs on modulating serum Ca , parathyroid cell proliferation , and the expression of CaSR and PTH mRNA reflect the complex involvement of the vitamin D axis in regulating the mineral homeostasis system . Exposure to artificial food colors and additives ( AFCAs ) has been implicated in the induction and severity of some childhood behavioral and learning disabilities . 
N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors ( NMDARs ) and nicotinic acetylcholine receptors ( nACHRs ) are thought to be effective in the learning and memory-generating process . 
In this study , we investigated the effects of intrauterine exposure to AFCAs on subunit concentrations of NMDARs and nAChRs isoforms in rats . 
We administered a mixture of AFCAs ( Eritrosin , Ponceau 4R , Allura Red AC , Sunset Yellow FCF , Tartrazin , Amaranth , Brilliant Blue , Azorubin and Indigotin ) to female rats before and during gestation . 
The concentration of NR2A and NR2B subunits and nAChR α7 , α4β2 isoforms in their offspring's hippocampi were measured by Western Blotting . 
Expressions of NR2B and nAChR β2 were significantly increased ( 17% and 6 . 70% , respectively ) , whereas expression of nAChR α4 was significantly decreased ( 5 . 67% ) in male experimental group compared to the male control group ( p<0 . 05 ) . 
In the female experimental group , AFCAs caused a 14% decrease in NR2B expression when compared to the female control group ( p<0 . 05 ) . 
Our results indicate that exposure to AFCAs during the fetal period may lead to alterations in expressions of NMDARs and nAChRs in adulthood . 
These alterations were different between male and female genders . Inhaled and intranasal corticosteroids ( ICSs ) still are the most effective treatment available for allergic airway diseases and are likely to remain the cornerstone of managing persistent asthma / allergic rhinitis in the foreseeable future . 
Even if the therapeutic index of this class increased significantly with the introduction of newer corticosteroids , and even if new therapeutic potentials are beginning to emerge with our increasing understanding of the mechanisms of asthma , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , and rhinitis , corticosteroid development still remains a very important field for drug designers . 
After a brief review of issues related to the structure-activity relationships of glucocorticoids and the main determinants of their receptor-binding affinity at the glucocorticoid receptor , the main focus of the present article will be on the development of soft corticosteroids , as they are particularly well suited to separate local activity from systemic side effects , which still is an important issue for ICSs . 
Design consideration required in the search for safe and effective soft drugs on one hand , and safe and effective ICSs on the other hand , will be briefly discussed and illustrated with a number of cases , in particular , with that of loteprednol etabonate and etiprednol dicloacetate , soft corticosteroids that are being developed for a full spectrum of therapeutic applications including asthma and allergic rhinitis . Thiazolidinediones are a new class of anti-diabetic agents which increase insulin sensitivity by binding to the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma ( PPAR ( gamma ) ) and stimulating the expression of insulin-responsive genes involved in glucose and lipid metabolism . 
These drugs also have vasodilatory and anti-proliferative effects on vascular smooth muscle cells . 
However the mechanisms for these actions are not fully understood . 
Adenosine is a vasodilator and a substrate of equilibrative nucleoside transporters ( ENT ) . 
The present study studied the effects of three thiazolidinediones , troglitazone , pioglitazone and ciglitazone , on ENT1 in the human aortic smooth muscle cells ( HASMCs ) . 
Although incubating HASMCs for 48h with thiazolidinediones had no effect on ENT1 mRNA and protein levels , troglitazone acutely inhibited [ 3H ] adenosine uptake and [ 3H ] NBMPR binding of HASMCs with IC50 values of 2 . 35 + / -0 . 35 and 3 . 99 + / -0 . 57microM , respectively . 
The effect of troglitazone on ENT1 was PPAR ( gamma ) -independent and kinetic studies revealed that troglitazone was a competitive inhibitor of ENT1 . 
In contrast , pioglitazone and ciglitazone had minimal effects on [ 3H ] adenosine uptake by HASMCs . 
Troglitazone differs from pioglitazone and ciglitazone in that its side-chain contains a Vitamin E moiety . 
The difference in structure of troglitazone did not account for its inhibitory effect on ENT1 because Vitamin E did not inhibit [ 3H ] adenosine uptake by HASMCs . 
Using the nucleoside transporter deficient PK15NTD cells stably expressing ENT1 and ENT2 , it was found that troglitazone inhibited ENT1 but had no effect on ENT2 . 
From these results , it is suggested that troglitazone may enhance the vasodilatory effect of adenosine by inhibiting ENT1 . 
Pharmacologically , troglitazone is a novel inhibitor of ENT1 . [ Phospholipase D in mammalian cells : structure , properties , physiological and pathological role ] . Levodopa has been the gold standard therapy for the motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease for more than three decades . 
Although it remains the most effective treatment , its long-term use is associated with motor fluctuations and dyskinesias that can be disabling for patients and difficult for physicians to manage medically . 
In the last 10 years , the catechol-O-methyltransferase ( COMT ) inhibitor tolcapone has been studied for its efficacy as an adjunctive treatment to levodopa plus a dopa decarboxylase inhibitor . 
Adjunctive therapy with tolcapone can significantly reduce the dose of levodopa required . 
Moreover , treatment with tolcapone significantly reduces wearing off and on-off periods in fluctuating patients and improves 'on' time in patients with stable disease . 
Tolcapone has assumed a new place in the arsenal of medications for Parkinson's disease . 
This paper reviews the pharmacology , safety and efficacy of tolcapone in patients with advanced Parkinson's disease . 
After some initial concerns about its safety , tolcapone has been shown to be safe if used and monitored according to guidelines regarding liver function . 
Tolcapone produces expected dopaminergic side effects , including headache , nausea , insomnia , as well as diarrhea; however , these side effects are generally mild and as a rule do not result in discontinuation of therapy . Production of N-acetyl-D-neuraminic acid by recombinant whole cells expressing Anabaena sp . 
CH1 N-acetyl-D-glucosamine 2-epimerase and Escherichia coli N-acetyl-D-neuraminic acid lyase . Evaluating the antipsychotic profile of the preferential PDE10A inhibitor , papaverine . The assembly and activation of oligomeric complexes of FGF , the transmembrane receptor kinase ( FGFR ) , and heparan sulfate transmit intracellular signals regulating growth and function of cells . 
An understanding of the structural relationships between the three subunits and their redundancy and specificity is essential for understanding the ubiquitous FGF signaling system in health and disease . 
Previously , we reported that a primary heparin or heparan sulfate binding site resides in a distinct sequence in immunoglobulin ( Ig ) -like module II of the three modules of FGFR . 
Here we report that in the absence of flanking sequences , isolated Ig module II of FGFR1 supports the binding of FGF-1 , FGF-2 , and FGF-7 in respective order of affinity . 
None of the three FGFs detectably bind Ig module I or the IIIb and IIIc splice variants of Ig module III in the absence of flanking sequences . 
Ig module I and the C-terminus of Ig module III are dispensable for high-affinity binding of FGF-1 , FGF-2 , and FGF-7 . 
Alterations in highly conserved Ig module II in the heparin binding domain and substitution of individual sequence domains spanning the entire sequence of Ig module II with those from Ig module I obliterated FGF binding . 
Addition of a specific number of FGFR sequences to the C-terminus of Ig module II resulted in a gain in affinity for FGF-7 . 
Several site-specific alterations in the C-terminus of full-length FGFR1IIIc , an isoform that otherwise absolutely rejects FGF-7 , resulted in gain of FGF-7 binding . 
These results suggest that a complex of Ig module II and heparan sulfate is the base common active core of the FGFR ectodomain and that flanking structural domains modify FGF affinity and determine specificity . Peroxide-eliminating oxidoreductases as biosensors of antioxidant components of medicinal plants . Desipramine administration in the olfactory bulbectomized rat : changes in brain beta-adrenoceptor and 5-HT2A binding sites and their relationship to behaviour . Inhibitory effect of ketoconazole on the pharmacokinetics of a multireceptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor BMS-690514 in healthy participants : assessing the mechanism of the interaction with physiologically-based pharmacokinetic simulations . Astaxanthin , a member of the carotenoid family , is the only known ketocarotenoid transported into the brain by transcytosis through the blood-brain barrier . 
However , whether astaxanthin has antifibrotic functions is unknown . 
In this study , we investigated the effects of astaxanthin on transforming growth factor β1-mediated and bleomycin-induced pulmonary fibrosis in vitro and in vivo . 
The results showed that astaxanthin significantly improved the structure of the alveoli and alleviated collagen deposition in vivo . 
Compared with the control group , the astaxanthin-treated groups exhibited downregulated protein expressions of α-smooth muscle actin , vimentin , hydroxyproline , and B cell lymphoma / leukemia-2 as well as upregulated protein expressions of E-cadherin and p53 in vitro and in vivo . 
Astaxanthin also inhibited the proliferation of activated A549 and MRC-5 cells at median inhibitory concentrations of 40 and 30μM , respectively . 
In conclusion , astaxanthin could relieve the symptoms and halt the progression of pulmonary fibrosis , partly by preventing transdifferentiation , inhibiting proliferation , and promoting apoptosis of activated cells . Both arsenite and benzo ( a ) pyrene ( BaP ) are known human carcinogens . 
Studies on the mode-of-action of arsenite indicate that it can also act as co-carcinogen or as a cancer promoter , and that it can facilitate progression of cancers . 
Some studies on development of lung cancers have suggested a synergism between arsenite exposure and cigarette smoking . 
The mechanism of action for such an effect , however , remains obscure . 
In the present study , we investigated the effects of HIF-2α on arsenite- and BaP-induced cell malignant transformation as well as on signal transduction pathways in human bronchial epithelial ( HBE ) cells . 
The results show that arsenite accelerates the neoplastic transformation and migration of cells and enhances chromosomal aberrations induced by BaP . 
HIF-2α is involved in blocking the effects of arsenite in activating the ATM / Chk-2 pathway and in repair of DNA damage induced by BaP . 
Moreover , blocking of HIF-2α prevents the effects of arsenite on the neoplastic transformation , cell migration , and chromosomal aberrations caused by BaP . 
These results indicate that the repressive effect of HIF-2α on the ATM / Chk-2 pathway leads to genomic instability , which is involved in arsenite-accelerated , BaP-induced malignant transformation of HBE cells . Both p16 and p15 proteins are inhibitors of cyclin-dependent kinases that prevent the cell going through the G1 / S phase transaction . 
E-cadherin is a transmembrane glycoprotein that mediates calcium-dependent interactions between adjacent epithelial cells . 
Two groups of patients were selected : the first group suffered from epithelial serous ovarian tumors and the second group suffered from benign ovarian lesions; ovarian tissue samples from all the subjects ( benign and malignant ) were subjected to methylation-specific polymerase chain reaction for methylated and unmethylated alleles of the genes ( E-cadherin , p15 , and p16 ) . 
Results obtained showed that aberrant methylation of p15 and p16 genes were detected in 64 . 29 and 50% of ovarian cancer patients , while E-cadherin hypermethylation was detected in 78 . 57% of ovarian cancer patients . 
Methylation of E-cadherin was significantly correlated with different stage of disease ( p < 0 . 05 ) . 
It was found that the risk of E-cadherin hypermethylation was 1 . 347-fold , while risk of p15 hypermethylation was 1 . 543-fold and p16 was 1 . 2-fold among patients with ovarian cancer than that among patients with benign ovarian lesions . 
In conclusion , Dysfunction of the cell cycle and / or the cell-cell adhesion molecule plays a role in the pathogenesis of ovarian cancer and that the analysis of the methylation of p15 and E-cadherin genes can provide clinically important evidence on which to base the treatment . Determination of residues in the norepinephrine transporter that are critical for tricyclic antidepressant affinity . The purpose of this study was to investigate the anti-fibrotic effects of the aqueous extract of the Platycodi Radix root ( Changkil : CK ) on dimethylnitrosamine ( DMN ) -induced liver fibrosis in rats . 
DMN treatment for 4weeks led to marked liver fibrosis as assessed by serum biochemistry , histopathological examination , and hepatic lipid peroxidation and collagen content . 
CK significantly inhibited DMN-induced increases in serum alanine aminotransferase ( ALT ) and aspartate aminotransferase ( AST ) activities , fibrosis score , and hepatic malondialdehyde and collagen content . 
CK also inhibited DMN-induced reductions in rat body and liver weights . 
Reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction ( RT-PCR ) and western blot analyses revealed that CK inhibited DMN-induced increases in matrix metalloproteinase-13 ( MMP-13 ) , tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase-1 ( TIMP-1 ) , and tumor necrosis factor-α ( TNF-α ) mRNA , and collagen type I and α-smooth muscle actin protein . 
DMN-induced cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) expression and nuclear factor-kappa B ( NF-κB ) activation was reduced by CK treatment . 
Furthermore , CK induced activation of nuclear erythroid 2-related factor 2 ( Nrf2 ) -mediated antioxidant enzymes such as γ-glutamylcysteine synthetase ( γ-GCS ) , heme oxygenase-1 ( HO-1 ) , NAD ( P ) H quinone oxidoreductase 1 ( NQO1 ) , and glutathione-S-transferase ( GST ) in HepG2 cells . 
These results demonstrated that CK attenuates DMN-induced liver fibrosis through the activation of Nrf2-mediated antioxidant enzymes . We studied the functions of betagamma-subunits of G ( i / o ) protein using the Xenopus oocyte expression system . 
Isoproterenol ( ISO ) elicited cAMP production and slowly activating Cl ( - ) currents in oocytes expressing beta ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor and the protein kinase A-dependent Cl ( - ) channel encoded by the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator ( CFTR ) gene . 
5-Hydroxytryptamine ( 5-HT ) , [ d-Ala ( 2 ) , d-Leu ( 5 ) ] -enkephalin ( DADLE ) , and baclofen enhanced ISO-induced cAMP levels and CFTR currents in oocytes expressing beta ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor-CFTR and 5-HT ( 1A ) receptor ( 5-HT ( 1A ) R ) , delta-opioid receptor , or GABA ( B ) receptor , respectively . 
5-HT also enhanced pituitary adenylate cyclase activating peptide ( PACAP ) 38-induced cAMP levels and CFTR currents in oocytes expressing PACAP receptor , CFTR and 5-HT ( 1A ) R . 
The 5-HT-induced enhancement of G ( s ) -coupled receptor-mediated currents was abrogated by pretreatment with pertussis toxin ( PTX ) and coexpression of G transducin alpha ( G ( t ) alpha ) . 
The 5-HT-induced enhancement was further augmented by coexpression of the Gbetagamma-activated form of adenylate cyclase ( AC ) type II but not AC type III . 
Thus betagamma-subunits of G ( i / o ) protein contribute to the enhancement of G ( s ) -coupled receptor-mediated responses . 
5-HT and DADLE did not elicit any currents in oocytes expressing 5-HT ( 1A ) R or delta-opioid receptor alone . 
They elicited Ca ( 2 + ) -activated Cl ( - ) currents in oocytes coexpressing these receptors with the Gbetagamma-activated form of phospholipase C ( PLC ) -beta2 but not with PLC-beta1 . 
These currents were inhibited by pretreatment with PTX and coexpression of G ( t ) alpha , suggesting that betagamma-subunits of G ( i / o ) protein activate PLC-beta2 and then cause intracellular Ca ( 2 + ) mobilization . 
Our results indicate that betagamma-subunits of G ( i / o ) protein participate in diverse intracellular signals , enhancement of G ( s ) -coupled receptor-mediated responses , and intracellular Ca ( 2 + ) mobilization . Spermiogenesis is characterized by a profound morphological differentiation of the haploid spermatid into spermatozoa . 
The testis-specific serine / threonine kinases ( TSSKs ) comprise a family of post-meiotic kinases expressed in spermatids , are critical to spermiogenesis and are required for male fertility in mammals . 
To explore the role of HSP90 in regulation of TSSKs , the stability and catalytic activity of epitope-tagged murine TSSKs were assessed in 293T and COS-7 cells . 
TSSK1 , 2 , 4 , and 6 ( SSTK ) were all found to associate with HSP90 and pharmacological inhibition of HSP90 function using the highly specific drugs 17-AAG , SNX-5422 , or NVP-AUY922 reduced TSSK protein levels in cells . 
The attenuation of HSP90 function abolished the catalytic activities of TSSK4 and 6 , but did not significantly alter the specific activities of TSSK1 and 2 . 
Inhibition of HSP90 resulted in increased TSSK ubiquitination and proteasomal degradation indicating that HSP90 acts to control ubiquitin-mediated catabolism of the TSSKs . 
To study HSP90 and TSSKs in germ cells a mouse primary spermatid culture model was developed and characterized . 
Using specific antibodies against murine TSSK2 and 6 , it was demonstrated that HSP90 inhibition resulted in a marked decrease of the endogenous kinases in spermatids . 
Together , our findings demonstrate that HSP90 plays a broad and critical role in stabilization and activation of the TSSK family of protein kinases . We studied the effects of the new rapid acting human insulin analogue ( Lys ( B28 ) , Pro ( B29 ) insulin ) , insulin Lispro ( Lispro ) on metabolic control and insulin receptor binding in type II diabetes mellitus . 
We investigated 2 patients : Patient 1 was obese , clearly insulin-resistant , injected high doses of insulin ( 3-4 IU / kg body weight ) , and had insufficient diabetes control . 
Patient 2 was of normal body weight , injected normal insulin doses ( 0 . 7-0 . 8 IU / kg body weight ) , and had good diabetes control . 
Patient 1 showed a considerable improvement of insulin binding after receiving Lispro ( 26 , 700 vs . 
5 , 600 receptors / monocyte; Kd 560 vs . 
1 , 500 pM ) . 
Concommitantly , a decrease of serum glucose and insulin dose was observed , reflecting a higher insulin sensitivity during Lispro treatment . 
In patient 2 injected with Lispro the time course of serum glucose , serum insulin , and insulin binding after an oral meal was comparable to values obtained in healthy controls . 
We conclude that the quick and pulsatile pharmacokinetic profile of the insulin analogue Lispro may improve glycemia , insulin receptor binding , and insulin resistance in type II diabetes . p53-mediated autophagy adjustment is involved in the protection of silibinin against murine dermal inflammation and epidermal apoptosis induced by UVB irradiation . The sodium ( Na ) - and potassium ( K ) -activated adenosine-triphosphatase ( Na , K-ATPase ) is a membrane enzyme that energizes the Na-pump by hydrolysing adenosine triphosphate and wasting energy as heat , so playing a role in thermogenesis and energy balance . 
Na , K-ATPase regulation by insulin is controversial; in tissue of hyperglycemic-hyperinsulinemic ob / ob mice , we reported a reduction , whereas in streptozotocin-treated hypoinsulinemic-diabetic Swiss and ob / ob mice we found an increased activity , which is against a genetic defect and suggests a regulation by hyperinsulinemia . 
In human adipose tissue from obese patients , Na , K-ATPase activity was reduced and negatively correlated with body mass index , oral glucose tolerance test-insulinemic area and blood pressure . 
We hypothesized that obesity is associated with tissue Na , K-ATPase reduction , apparently linked to hyperinsulinemia , which may repress or inactivate the enzyme , thus opposing thyroid hormones and influencing thermogenesis and obesity development . 
Insulin action on Na , K-ATPase , in vivo , might be mediated by the high level of non-esterified fatty acids , which are circulating enzyme inhibitors and increase in obesity , diabetes and hypertension . 
In this paper , we analyse animal and human tissue Na , K-ATPase , its level , and its regulation and behaviour in some hyperinsulinemic and insulin-resistant states; moreover , we discuss the link of the enzyme with non-esterified fatty acids and attempt to interpret and organize in a coherent view the whole body of the exhaustive literature on this complicated topic . Tumor cells activate pathways that facilitate and stimulate glycolysis even in the presence of adequate levels of oxygen in order to satisfy their continuous need of molecules , such as nucleotides , ATP and fatty acids , necessary to support their rapid proliferation . 
Accordingly , a variety of human tumors are characterized by elevated expression levels of the hexokinase 2 isoform ( HK2 ) . 
Although different molecular mechanisms , including genetic and epigenetic mechanisms , have been suggested to account for the altered expression of HK2 in tumors , the potential role of microRNAs ( miRNAs ) in the regulation of HK2 expression has not been evaluated . 
Here , we report that miR-143 inhibits HK2 expression via a conserved miR-143 recognition motif located in the 3'-untranslated region ( 3'UTR ) of HK2 mRNA . 
We demonstrate that miR143 inhibits HK2 expression both in primary keratinocytes and in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma ( HNSCC ) -derived cell lines . 
Importantly , we found that miR-143 inversely correlates with HK2 expression in HNSCC-derived cell lines and in primary tumors . 
We also report that the miRNA-dependent regulation of hexokinase expression is not limited to HK2 as miR-138 targets HK1 via a specific recognition motif located in its 3'UTR . 
All these data unveil a new miRNA-dependent mechanism of regulation of hexokinase expression potentially important in the regulation of glucose metabolism of cancer cells . Hepatoprotective effect of methylsulfonylmethane against carbon tetrachloride-induced acute liver injury in rats . Puerarin mediates hepatoprotection against CCl4-induced hepatic fibrosis rats through attenuation of inflammation response and amelioration of metabolic function . Inhibition of 17β-HSD2 is an attractive mechanism for the treatment of osteoporosis . 
We report here the optimization of human 17β-HSD2 inhibitors in the 2 , 5-thiophene amide class by varying the size of the linker ( n equals 0 and 2 ) between the amide moiety and the phenyl group . 
While none of the phenethylamides ( n = 2 ) were active , most of the anilides ( n = 0 ) turned out to moderately or strongly inhibit 17β-HSD2 . 
The four most active compounds showed an IC₅₀ of around 60 nM and a very good selectivity toward 17β-HSD1 , 17β-HSD4 , 17β-HSD5 , 11β-HSD1 , 11β-HSD2 and the estrogen receptors α and β . 
The investigated compounds inhibited monkey 17β-HSD2 moderately , and one of them showed good inhibitory activity on mouse 17β-HSD2 . 
SAR studies allowed a first characterization of the human 17β-HSD2 active site , which is predicted to be considerably larger than that of 17β-HSD1 . Platelet responses at sites of vascular injury are regulated by intracellular cAMP levels , which rise rapidly when prostacyclin ( PGI ( 2 ) ) is released from endothelial cells . 
Platelet agonists such as ADP and epinephrine suppress PGI ( 2 ) -stimulated cAMP formation by activating receptors coupled to G ( i ) family members , four of which are present in platelets . 
To address questions about the specificity of receptor : G protein coupling , the regulation of cAMP formation in vivo and the contribution of G ( i ) -mediated pathways that do not involve adenylyl cyclase , we studied platelets from mice that lacked the alpha subunits of one or more of the three most abundantly expressed G ( i ) family members and compared the results with platelets from mice that lacked the PGI ( 2 ) receptor , IP . 
As reported previously , loss of G ( i2 ) alpha or G ( z ) alpha inhibited aggregation in response to ADP and epinephrine , respectively , producing defects that could not be reversed by adding an adenylyl cyclase inhibitor . 
Platelets that lacked both G ( i2 ) alpha and G ( z ) alpha showed impaired responses to both agonists , but the impairment was no greater than in the individual knockouts . 
Loss of G ( i3 ) alpha had no effect either alone or in combination with G ( z ) alpha . 
Loss of either G ( z ) alpha or G ( i2 ) alpha impaired the ability of ADP and epinephrine to inhibit PGI ( 2 ) -stimulated adenylyl cyclase activity and caused a 40%-50% rise in basal cAMP levels , whereas loss of G ( i3 ) alpha did not . 
Conversely , deletion of IP abolished responses to PGI ( 2 ) and caused cAMP levels to fall by 30% , effects that did not translate into enhanced responsiveness to agonists ex vivo . 
From these results we conclude that 1 ) cAMP levels in circulating platelets reflect ongoing signaling through G ( i2 ) , G ( z ) , and IP , but not G ( i3 ) ; 2 ) platelet epinephrine ( alpha ( 2A ) -adrenergic ) and ADP ( P2Y12 ) receptors display strong preferences among G ( i ) family members with little evidence of redundancy; and 3 ) these receptor preferences do not extend to G ( i3 ) . 
Finally , the failure of ADP and epinephrine to inhibit basal , as opposed to PGI ( 2 ) -stimulated , cAMP formation highlights the need during platelet activation for G ( i ) signaling pathways that involve effectors other than adenylyl cyclase . The human multidrug resistance protein MRP1 and its homolog , MRP2 , are both suggested as being involved in cancer drug resistance and the transport of organic anions . 
We expressed MRP1 and MRP2 in Spodoptera frugiperda ovarian cells and compared their ATP-dependent transport properties and vanadate-sensitive ATPase activities in isolated membrane vesicles . 
Both MRP1 and MRP2 actively transported leukotriene C ( 4 ) and N-ethylmaleimide glutathione ( NEM-GS ) , although the relative affinity of MRP2 for these substrates was found to be significantly lower than that of MRP1 . 
Methotrexate was actively transported by both proteins , although more efficiently by MRP2 . 
ATP-dependent NEM-GS transport by MRP1 and MRP2 was variably modulated by organic anions . 
Probenecid and furosemide inhibited , whereas under certain conditions sulfinpyrazone , penicillin G , and indomethacin greatly stimulated , MRP2-mediated NEM-GS uptake . 
Vanadate-sensitive ATPase activity in isolated membranes containing MRP1 or MRP2 was significantly stimulated by NEM-GS and reduced GS , although these compounds acted only at higher concentrations in MRP2 . 
ATP hydrolysis by MRP2 was also effectively stimulated by methotrexate . 
Probenecid , sulfinpyrazone , indomethacin , furosemide , and penicillin G all significantly increased MRP2-ATPase activity , whereas these compounds acted more as ATPase inhibitors on MRP1 . 
These results indicate that MRP1 is a more efficient transporter of glutathione conjugates and free glutathione than MRP2 , whereas several anions are preferred substrates for MRP2 . 
Our data suggest that MRP2 may be responsible for the active secretion of pharmacologically relevant organic anions , such as diuretics and antibiotics , and indicate different modulation possibilities for MRP1 or MRP2 in drug-resistant tumor cells . The effect of vitamin B6 deficiency on alanine : glyoxylate aminotransferase isoenzymes in rat liver . Antitumor activity of sorafenib in FLT3-driven leukemic cells . Aspirin-exacerbated respiratory disease ( AERD ) is an adult-onset condition that manifests as asthma , rhinosinusitis / nasal polyps , and sensitivity to aspirin and other cyclooxygenase-1 ( COX-1 ) -inhibitor nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( NSAIDs ) . 
There is no cross-sensitivity to highly selective COX-2 inhibitors . 
AERD is chronic and does not improve with avoidance of COX-1 inhibitors . 
The diagnosis of AERD is made through provocative challenge testing . 
Following a positive aspirin challenge , patients can be desensitized to aspirin and NSAIDs . 
The desensitized state can be maintained indefinitely with continued daily administration . 
After desensitization , there is an approximately 48-hour refractory period to adverse effects from aspirin . 
The pathogenesis of AERD remains unknown , but these patients have been shown to have multiple abnormalities in arachidonic acid metabolism and in cysteinyl leukotriene 1 receptors . 
AERD patients can take up to 650 mg of acetaminophen for analgesic or antipyretic relief . 
Patients can also use weak COX-1 inhibitors , such as sodium salicylate or choline magnesium trisalicylate . 
Treatment of AERD patients with antileukotriene medications has been helpful but not preferential when compared with non-AERD patients . 
An alternative treatment for many AERD patients is aspirin desensitization . 
This is particularly effective in reducing upper-airway mucosal congestion , nasal polyp formation , and systemic steroids . Early-onset preeclampsia ( EPE ) is a severe form of preeclampsia that involves life-threatening neurological complications . 
However , the underlying mechanism by which EPE affects the maternal brain is not known . 
We hypothesized that plasma from women with EPE increases blood-brain barrier ( BBB ) permeability vs . 
plasma from women with late-onset preeclampsia ( LPE ) or normal pregnancy ( NP ) and investigated its underlying mechanism by perfusing cerebral veins from nonpregnant rats ( n = 6-7 / group ) with human plasma from women with EPE , LPE , or NP and measuring permeability . 
We show that plasma from women with EPE significantly increased BBB permeability vs . 
plasma from women with LPE or NP ( P<0 . 001 ) . 
BBB disruption in response to EPE plasma was due to a 260% increase of circulating oxidized LDL ( oxLDL ) binding to its receptor , LOX-1 , and subsequent generation of peroxynitrite ( P<0 . 001 ) . 
A rat model with pathologically high lipid levels in pregnancy showed symptoms of preeclampsia , including elevated blood pressure , growth-restricted fetuses , and LOX-1-dependent BBB disruption , similar to EPE ( P<0 . 05 ) . 
Thus , we have identified LOX-1 activation by oxLDL and subsequent peroxynitrite generation as a novel mechanism by which disruption of the BBB occurs in EPE . 
As increased BBB permeability is a primary means by which seizure and other neurological symptoms ensue , our findings highlight oxLDL , LOX-1 , and peroxynitrite as important therapeutic targets in EPE . The widely used hypnosedative-anxiolytic agent R , S-lorazepam is cleared predominantly by conjugation with glucuronic acid in humans , but the enantioselective glucuronidation of lorazepam has received little attention . 
The present study characterized the kinetics of the separate R- and S- enantiomers of lorazepam by human liver microsomes ( HLM ) and by a panel of recombinant human UDP-glucuronosyltransferase ( UGT ) enzymes . 
Respective mean Km and Vmax values for R- and S- lorazepam by HLM were 29 ± 8 . 9 and 36 ± 10 μM , and 7 . 4 ± 1 . 9 and 10 ± 3 . 8 pmol / min . 
mg . 
Microsomal intrinsic clearances were not significantly different , suggesting the in vivo clearances of R- and S- lorazepam are likely to be similar . 
Both R- and S- lorazepam were glucuronidated by UGT 2B4 , 2B7 , and 2B15 , while R-lorazepam was additionally metabolized by the extra-hepatic enzymes UGT 1A7 and 1A10 . 
Based on in vitro clearances and consideration of available in vivo and in vitro data , UGT2B15 is likely to play an important role in the glucuronidation of R- and S-lorazepam . 
However , the possible contribution of other enzymes and the low activities observed in vitro indicate that the lorazepam enantiomers are of limited use as substrate probes for UGT2B15 . 
In order to identify potential drug-drug interactions , codeine , fluconazole , ketamine , ketoconazole , methadone , morphine , valproic acid , and zidovudine were screened as inhibitors of R- and S- lorazepam glucuronidation by HLM . 
Of these drugs , in vitro - in vivo extrapolation suggested that only ketoconazole had the potential to inhibit lorazepam clearance to a clinically significant extent . Pharmacological properties of lorglumide as a member of a new class of cholecystokinin antagonists . Treatment and prevention of various therapeutic conditions using OX receptor antagonistic activity ( WO2012081692 ) . Inter-relationships of intermediate phenotypes for serotonin function , impulsivity , and a 5-HT2A candidate allele : His452Tyr . Monoamine oxidase inhibition is unlikely to be relevant to the risks associated with phentermine and fenfluramine : a comparison with their abilities to evoke monoamine release . Cyclooxygenase isozymes ( COX-1 and COX-2 ) are found to be constitutively expressed in brain , with neuronal expression of COX-2 being rapidly induced after numerous insults , including cerebral ischemia . 
Because overactivation of N-methyl-D-aspartate ( NMDA ) receptors has been implicated in the cell loss associated with ischemia , we characterized the expression of the COX isozymes in murine mixed cortical cell cultures and used isozyme-selective inhibitors to determine their relative contribution to NMDA receptor-stimulated prostaglandin ( PG ) production and excitotoxic neuronal cell death . 
Immunocytochemical analysis of mixed cortical cell cultures revealed that COX-2 expression was restricted to neurons , whereas COX-1 was expressed in both neurons and astrocytes . 
Brief exposure to NMDA ( 5 min; 100 microM ) elicited a time-dependent accumulation of PGs in the culture medium that preceded neuronal cell death and correlated with the induction of COX-2 mRNA . 
COX-1 expression remained unchanged . 
Flurbiprofen , a nonselective COX-1 / COX-2 inhibitor , blocked NMDA-stimulated PG production and attenuated neuronal death in a concentration-dependent manner . 
Similar results were obtained with the specific COX-2 inhibitor NS-398 ( 10-30 microM ) but not with the selective COX-1 inhibitor valeryl salicylate ( 10-300 microM ) . 
Inhibition of total constitutive COX activity with aspirin ( 100 microM , 1 . 5 h ) before NMDA exposure did not prevent subsequent NMDA-mediated neuronal cell death . 
However , neuronal injury in aspirin-pretreated cultures was attenuated by flurbiprofen administration after NMDA exposure . 
Finally , the protection afforded by COX-2 inhibition was specific for NMDA because neither flurbiprofen nor NS-398 protected neurons against kainate-mediated neurotoxicity . 
Together , these results support the conclusion that newly synthesized COX-2 protein contributes to NMDA-induced neuronal injury . Protons activate the delta-subunit of the epithelial Na + channel in humans . PURPOSE : The vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-2 ( VEGFR2 ) tyrosine kinase has been implicated in the pathologic angiogenesis associated with tumor growth . 
YM-359445 was a ( 3Z ) -3-quinolin-2 ( 1H ) -ylidene-1 , 3-dihydro-2H-indol-2-one derivative found while screening based on the inhibition of VEGFR2 tyrosine kinase . 
The aim of this study was to analyze the efficacy of this compound both in vitro and in vivo . 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN : We tested the effects of YM-359445 on VEGFR2 tyrosine kinase activity , cell proliferation , and angiogenesis . 
The antitumor activity of YM-359445 was also tested in nude mice bearing various established tumors and compared with other VEGFR2 tyrosine kinase inhibitors ( ZD6474 , CP-547632 , CGP79787 , SU11248 , and AZD2171 ) , a cytotoxic agent ( paclitaxel ) , and an epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor ( gefitinib ) . 
RESULTS : The IC50 of YM-359445 for VEGFR2 tyrosine kinase was 0 . 0085 micromol / L . 
In human vascular endothelial cells , the compound inhibited VEGF-dependent proliferation , VEGFR2 autophosphorylation , and sprout formation at concentrations of 0 . 001 to 0 . 003 micromol / L . 
These concentrations had no direct cytotoxic effect on cancer cells . 
In mice bearing various established tumors , including paclitaxel-resistant tumors , once daily oral administration of YM-359445 at doses of 0 . 5 to 4 mg / kg not only inhibited tumor growth but also reduced its vasculature . 
YM-359445 had greater antitumor activity than other VEGFR2 tyrosine kinase inhibitors . 
Moreover , in human lung cancer A549 xenografts , YM-359445 markedly regressed the tumors ( 73% ) at a dose of 4 mg / kg , whereas gefitinib caused no regression even at 100 mg / kg . 
CONCLUSION : Our results show that YM-359445 is more potent than orally bioavailable VEGFR2 tyrosine kinase inhibitors , which leads to great expectations for clinical applicability . [ The relation between metabolism of biopterin and dystonia-parkinsonism ] . Apolipoprotein E3 ( apoE3 ) safeguards pig proximal tubular LLC-PK1 cells against reduction in SGLT1 activity induced by gentamicin C . Apple polyphenol extract ( AP ) and procyanidin contained in AP were investigated for their immunomodulatory effects using THP-1-derived human dendritic cells ( TDDCs ) . 
The expression levels of HLA-DR ( MHC class II ) and CD86 ( costimulatory molecule ) were measured as an indicator of antigen presentation in TDDCs . 
A significant decrease in HLA-DR expression was observed in the AP and fractionated procyanidin-treated cells in the presence of ovalbumin ( OVA ) , but no effect on CD86 expression was observed . 
The uptake of OVA was not inhibited by AP treatment , and the gene expression of membrane-associated RING-CH ubiquitin E3 ligase , MARCH1 , was up-regulated by AP treatment . 
It can therefore be presumed that AP suppresses HLA-DR expression via the ubiquitin-proteasome pathway . 
Furthermore , the up-regulation of IL-12 and TNF-α was found in the procyanidin trimers-treated cells in the presence of OVA . 
These results suggest that apple polyphenols would be an effective factor for the development of immunomodulatory agents with suppressive effects of antigen presentation . The microsomal / peroxidase antigen : modulation of its expression in thyroid cells . The late-gestation surge in fetal plasma cortisol is critical for maturation of fetal organ systems . 
As a result , synthetic glucocorticoids ( sGCs ) are administered to pregnant women at risk of delivering preterm . 
However , animal studies have shown that fetal exposure to sGC results in increased risk of behavioral , endocrine , and metabolic abnormalities in offspring . 
Here , we test the hypothesis that prenatal GC exposure resulting from the fetal cortisol surge or after sGC exposure results in promoter-specific epigenetic changes in the hippocampus . 
Fetal guinea pig hippocampi were collected before ( gestational day [ GD52 ] ) and after ( GD65 ) the fetal plasma cortisol surge ( Term∼GD67 ) and 24 hours after ( GD52 ) and 14 days after ( GD65 ) two repeat courses of maternal sGC ( betamethasone ) treatment ( n = 3-4 / gp ) . 
We identified extensive genome-wide alterations in promoter methylation in late fetal development ( coincident with the fetal cortisol surge ) , whereby the majority of the affected promoters exhibited hypomethylation . 
Fetuses exposed to sGC in late gestation exhibited substantial differences in DNA methylation and histone h3 lysine 9 ( H3K9 ) acetylation in specific gene promoters; 24 hours after the sGC treatment , the majority of genes affected were hypomethylated or hyperacetylated . 
However , 14 days after sGC exposure these differences did not persist , whereas other promoters became hypermethylated or hyperacetylated . 
These data support the hypothesis that the fetal GC surge is responsible , in part , for significant variations in genome-wide promoter methylation and that prenatal sGC treatment profoundly changes the epigenetic landscape , affecting both DNA methylation and H3K9 acetylation . 
This is important given the widespread use of sGC in the management of women in preterm labor . Identification of a novel glucocorticoid receptor mutation in budesonide-resistant human bronchial epithelial cells . The histone acetyltransferase Rtt109 is the sole enzyme responsible for acetylation of histone H3 lysine 56 ( H3K56 ) in fungal organisms . 
Loss of Rtt109 renders fungal cells extremely sensitive to genotoxic agents , and prevents pathogenesis in several clinically important species . 
Here , via a high throughput chemical screen of >300 , 000 compounds , we discovered a chemical inhibitor of Rtt109 that does not inhibit other acetyltransferase enzymes . 
This compound inhibits Rtt109 regardless of which histone chaperone cofactor protein ( Asf1 or Vps75 ) is present , and appears to inhibit Rtt109 via a tight-binding , uncompetitive mechanism . It is well documented that breast tissue , both normal and cancerous , contains all the enzymatic systems necessary for the bioformation and metabolic transformation of estrogens , androgens and progesterone . 
These include sulfatases , aromatase , hydroxysteroid-dehydrogenases , sulfotransferases , hydroxylases and glucuronidases . 
The control of these enzymes plays an important role in the development and pathogenesis of hormone-dependent breast cancer . 
As discussed in this review , various progestogens including dydrogesterone and its 20alpha-dihydro-derivative , medrogestone , promegestone , nomegestrol acetate and norelgestromin can reduce intratissular levels of estradiol in breast cancer by blocking sulfatase and 17beta-hydroxysteroid-dehydrogenase type 1 activities . 
A possible correlation has been postulated between breast cell proliferation and estrogen sulfotransferase activity . 
Progesterone is largely transformed in the breast; normal breast produces mainly 4-ene derivatives , whereas 5alpha-derivatives are most common in breast cancer tissue . 
It has been suggested that this specific conversion of progesterone may be involved in breast carcinogenesis . 
In conclusion , treatment with anti-aromatases combined with anti-sulfatase or 17beta-hydroxysteroid-dehydrogenase type 1 could provide new therapeutic possibilities in the treatment of patients with hormone-dependent breast cancer . We analyzed clinical and genetic factors contributing to infections in 457 subjects with early rheumatoid arthritis ( RA ) enrolled in a prospective , 1-year clinical trial of methotrexate and the TNF inhibitor etanercept . 
Subjects were genotyped for the following single nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNPs ) : ( TNF -308 , -238 , and + 488 ) ; lymphotoxin-alpha ( LTA ) ( LTA + 249 , + 365 , and + 720 ) ; and Fc gamma receptors FCGR2A 131 H / R; FCGR3A 176 F / V; and FCGR3B NA 1 / 2 and genotypes were correlated with infections . 
At least one URI was noted in 52% of subjects ( 99 / 191 ) with the NA2 / NA2 genotype of the neutrophil-specific FCGR3B gene , compared to 42% ( 77 / 181 ) of those with the NA1 / NA2 genotype and 39% ( 23 / 59 ) of those with the NA1 / NA1 genotype ( P = 0 . 038 ) . 
Urinary tract infection ( UTI ) was associated with the TNF -238 A ( odds ratio ( OR ) 2 . 56 , 95% confidence interval ( CI ) 1 . 05-6 . 25 ) and LTA + 365 C ( OR 1 . 73 , 95% CI 1 . 07-2 . 79 ) alleles , and marginally with the FCGR3A F allele ( OR 1 . 72 , 95% CI 0 . 99-3 . 00 ) . 
There was a striking linear correlation between UTI and the number of risk alleles defined by these three SNPs ( P < 0 . 001 ) , suggesting an additive effect on susceptibility . 
These findings have important implications for the role of genetics in susceptibility to bacterial and viral infections . The effects of aluminium lactate ( Al-lactate ) on the rat cerebral synaptosome integral proteins adenosinetriphosphatase ( ATPase ) and acetylcholinesterase ( AChE ) were studied in vitro and in vivo . 
Coexposure with ethanol ( EtOH ) was studied in both situations . 
Isolation of synaptosomes was carried out using isoosmotic Percoll gradients . 
In in vitro experiments , the synaptosomes were exposed to different concentrations of Al-lactate in the incubation mixture . 
Al-lactate caused decreases in total ATPase and AChE activities concentration dependently . 
The decrease in ATP activity started at 0 . 2 mM concentration , and concentration for the 50% decrease of the enzyme activity ( EC50 ) was 1 . 1 mM . 
The decrease in AChE activity started at 5-10 mM concentration , and the EC50 value was 15 . 8 mM . 
Coexposure with ethanol ( 2 mM ) increased the EC50 values similarly in both cases . 
After 90-day oral exposure of rats to Al-lactate ( 91 . 8 mg / kg / day ) , the serum aluminium level was 0 . 9-1 . 3 ptM / l . 
Coexposure with EtOH ( 3 . 0 g / kg / day ) did not significantly increase the blood Al ( 0 . 7 2 . 2 pM / l ) . 
Aluminium exposure caused a decrease in the blood EtOH concentration ( 0 . 6 mM / 1 ) compared with blood EtOH ( 12 . 3 mM / 1 ) in the rats exposed to ethanol only . 
In the rats studied 2 weeks after the Al exposure , the activities of ATPase and AChE were significantly lower than in the rats studied immediately after the exposure . 
Correspondingly , a significant decrease in AChE activity was found in Al and EtOH-exposed rats , but in the control rats there were no differences between the study groups . 
Immediately after the 90-day dosing , the exposed rats did not differ significantly from the control rats . 
Based on the in vitro results , the neural membrane integral proteins ATPase and AChE may be considered as targets for the effects of aluminium and ethanol . 
Ninety-day in vivo exposure of rats to aluminium caused decrease in ATPase and AChE activities , detectable 2 weeks after the exposure . Behavioral studies of chronic CB ( 1 ) receptor activation may provide a pharmacological approach to understanding efficacy-related differences among CB ( 1 ) ligands as well as mechanistic commonalities between cannabinoid and noncannabinoid drugs . 
In the present studies , the effects of CB ( 1 ) agonists [ ( 6aR , 10aR ) -3- ( 1-adamantyl ) -6 , 6 , 9-trimethyl-6a , 7 , 10 , 10a-tetrahydrobenzo [ c ] chromen-1-ol ( AM411 ) , 9β- ( hydroxymethyl ) -3- ( 1-adamantyl ) -hexahydrocannabinol ( AM4054 ) , R- ( + ) - [ 2 , 3-dihydro-5-methyl-3- [ ( morpholinyl ) methyl ] pyrrolo [ 1 , 2 , 3-de ] -1 , 4-benzoxazinyl ] - ( 1-naphthalenyl ) methanone mesylate ( WIN55 , 212 . 2 ) , Δ ( 9 ) -tetrahydrocannabinol ( Δ ( 9 ) -THC ) , ( R ) - ( + ) -arachidonyl-1'-hydroxy-2'-propylamide ( methanandamide ) ] , CB ( 1 ) antagonists [ 5- ( 4-chlorophenyl ) -1- ( 2 , 4-dichloro-phenyl ) -4-methyl-N- ( piperidin-1-yl ) -1H-pyrazole-3-carboxamide ( SR141716A ) , 5- ( 4-alkylphenyl ) -1- ( 2 , 4-dichlorophenyl ) -4-methyl-N- ( piperidin-1-yl ) -1H-pyrazole-3-carboxamide ( AM4113 ) ] , and dopamine ( DA ) -related [ methamphetamine , ( ± ) -6-chloro-7 , 8-dihydroxy-3-allyl-1-phenyl-2 , 3 , 4 , 5-tetrahydro-1H-3-benzazepine hydrobromide ( SKF82958 ) , ( R ) - ( + ) -7-chloro-8-hydroxy-3-methyl-1-phenyl-2 , 3 , 4 , 5-tetrahydro-1H-3-benzazepine hydrochloride ( SCH23390 ) , ( 6aR ) -5 , 6 , 6a , 7-tetrahydro-6-propyl-4H-dibenzo [ de , g ] quinoline-10 , 11-diol ( R- ( - ) -NPA ) , haloperidol ] and opioid ( morphine , naltrexone ) drugs on scheduled-controlled responding under a 30-response fixed ratio schedule of stimulus-shock termination in squirrel monkeys were compared before and during chronic treatment with the long-acting CB ( 1 ) agonist AM411 ( 1 . 0 mg / kg per day , i . 
m . 
) . 
Prechronic treatment with all drugs except naltrexone ( 1-10 mg / kg ) produced dose-related decreases in responses rates . 
Dose-response re-determinations during chronic treatment revealed the following : 1 ) >250-fold ( AM411 , methanandamide ) and >45-fold ( AM4054 , WIN55 , 212 . 2 , Δ ( 9 ) -THC ) rightward shifts in the ED ( 50 ) values for CB ( 1 ) agonists; 2 ) >100-fold and >20-fold leftward shifts in the ED ( 50 ) values for SR141716A and AM4113 , respectively; and 3 ) approximately 4 . 8-fold and 10-fold rightward shifts in the ED ( 50 ) values for methamphetamine and the DA D ( 2 ) agonist R- ( - ) -NPA , respectively . 
Dose-response relationships for other DA-related and opioid drugs were unchanged by chronic CB ( 1 ) agonist treatment . 
Differences in the magnitude of tolerance among CB ( 1 ) agonists during chronic treatment may be indicative of differences in their pharmacological efficacy , whereas the enhanced sensitivity to behaviorally disruptive effects of CB ( 1 ) antagonists may provide evidence for CB ( 1 ) -related behavioral and / or physical dependence . 
Finally , the development of cross-tolerance to methamphetamine and R- ( - ) -NPA bolsters previous evidence of interplay between CB ( 1 ) and DA D ( 2 ) signaling mechanisms . Escitalopram : a review of its use in the management of major depressive and anxiety disorders . Polybrominated diphenyl ethers ( PBDEs ) represent an important group of flame retardants extensively used , tonnage of which in the environment has been steadily increasing over the past 25 years . 
PBDEs or metabolites can induce neurotoxicity and mitochondrial dysfunction ( MD ) through a variety of mechanisms . 
Recently , PBDEs with < 5 Br substitutions ( i . 
e . 
, 2 , 2' , 4 , 4'-tetrabromodiphenyl ether [ BDE-47 ] and 2 , 2' , 4 , 5'-tetrabromodiphenyl ether [ BDE-49 ] ) have gained interest because of their high bioaccumulation . 
In particular , congeners such as BDE-49 arise as one of the most biologically active , with concentrations typically lower than those observed for BDE-47 in biological tissues; however , its potential to cause MD at biologically relevant concentrations is unknown . 
To this end , the effect of BDE-49 was studied in brain mitochondria and neuronal progenitor striatal cells ( NPC ) . 
BDE-49 uncoupled mitochondria at concentrations < 0 . 1 nM , whereas at > 1 nM , it inhibited the electron transport at Complex V ( mixed type inhibition; IC ( 50 ) = 6 nM ) and Complex IV ( noncompetitive inhibition; IC ( 50 ) = 40 nM ) . 
These concentrations are easily achieved in plasma concentrations considering that BDE-49 ( this study , 400-fold ) and other PBDEs accumulate 1-3 orders of magnitude in the cells , particularly in mitochondria and microsomes . 
Similar effects were observed in NPC and exacerbated with PTEN ( negative modulator of the PI3K / Akt pathway ) deficiency , background associated with autism-like behavior , schizophrenia , and epilepsy . 
PBDE-mediated MD per se or enhanced by a background that confers susceptibility to this exposure may have profound implications in the energy balance of brain . Fatty acid synthase ( FAS ) , the key metabolic multi-enzyme that is responsible for the terminal catalytic step in the de novo fatty acid biosynthesis , plays an active role in the development , maintenance , and enhancement of the malignant phenotype in a subset of breast carcinomas . 
We recently described that a molecular bi-directional cross-talk between FAS and the Her-2 / neu ( erbB-2 ) oncogene is taking place at the level of transcription , translation , and activity in breast cancer cells . 
Because Her-2 / neu has been linked with altered sensitivity to cytotoxic drugs , we envisioned that FAS gene expression may represent a novel predictive molecular factor for breast cancer response to chemotherapy in a Her-2 / neu-related manner . 
We herein evaluated whether chemotherapy-induced cell damage acts in an epigenetic fashion by inducing changes in the transcriptional activation of FAS gene in breast cancer cells . 
To evaluate this option , FAS- and Her-2 / neu-overexpressing SK-Br3 breast cancer cells were transiently transfected with a FAS promoter-reporter construct ( FAS-Luciferase ) harboring all the elements necessary for high level expression in cancer cells . 
SK-Br3 cells cultured in the presence of topoisomerase IIalpha ( TOP2A ) inhibitors doxorubicin and etopoxide ( VP-16 ) demonstrated a 2- to 3-fold increase in FAS promoter activity when compared with control cells growing in drug-free culture conditions . 
We failed to observe any significant activation of FAS promoter following exposure to the anti-metabolite 5-fluorouracil , the alkylating drug cisplatin , or the microtubule interfering-agents paclitaxel and vincristine . 
Moreover , the up-regulatory effects of TOP2A inhibitors on the transcriptional activation of FAS gene expression were not significantly decreased when the FAS promoter was damaged at the sterol regulatory element binding protein ( SREBP ) -binding site . 
Considering that FAS inhibition produces profound inhibition of DNA replication and S-phase progression in cancer cells , we finally asked whether a cross-talk between TOP2A and FAS could exhibit a Her-2 / neu-related bi-directional nature . 
TOP2A protein levels were decreased during treatment with the anti-Her-2 / neu antibody trastuzumab while , concomitantly , FAS promoter activity and FAS protein expression were significantly reduced . 
Of note , when the expression levels of TOP2A protein were analyzed following exposure of SK-Br3 cells to increasing concentrations of the novel slow-binding FAS inhibitor C75 , a dose-dependent reduction in TOP2A expression was observed . 
Although FAS gene is not physically located in the Her-2 / neu-TOP2A amplicon , our present findings strongly suggest that a tight functional association between FAS , Her-2 / neu and TOP2A genes is taking place in a subset of breast carcinoma cells . Pharmacological inhibitors of Fatty Acid Synthase ( FASN ) --catalyzed endogenous fatty acid biogenesis : a new family of anti-cancer 4- ( Methylnitrosamino ) -1- ( 3-pyridyl ) -1-butanone ( NNK ) metabolism-related enzymes gene polymorphisms , NNK metabolites levels and urothelial carcinoma . A series of phosphorylated flavonoids were synthesized and investigated in vitro as inhibitors of pancreatic cholesterol esterase ( CEase ) and acetylcholinesterase ( AChE ) . 
The results showed that most of the synthesized compounds exhibited nanomolar potency against CEase , much better than the parent flavonoids . 
Furthermore , these phosphorylated flavonoids demonstrated good to high selectivity for CEase over AChE , which only showed micromolar potency inhibition of AChE . 
The most selective and potent inhibitor of CEase ( 3e ) had IC50 value of 0 . 72 nM and 11800-fold selectivity for CEase over AChE . 
The structure-activity relationships revealed that the free hydroxyl group at position 5 and phosphate group at position 7 of the phosphorylated flavonoids are favorable to the inhibition of CEase . 
The inhibition mechanism and kinetic characterization studies indicated that they are irreversible competitive inhibitors of CEase . Amyloid β ( Αβ ) has been reported to be responsible for the functional and structural abnormalities of Alzheimer's disease ( AD ) through the induction of oxidative stress . 
The aim of this study was to determine whether or not treatment of transgenic ( Tg ) mice with green tea catechin ( GTC ) , a radical scavenger , improves AD phenotypes . 
To test this , 7-month-old Tg mice were treated with a low ( 1 mg ) or high ( 10 mg ) dose of GTC for 6 months . 
Surprisingly , GTC-treated Tg mice exhibited significant decreases in behavioral impairment , Aβ-42 production , APP-C99 / 89 expression , γ-secretase component and Wnt protein levels , γ-secretase activity and MAPK activation . 
In contrast , the levels of APP-C83 protein and enzyme activities ( α-secretase , neprilysin and Pin1 ) were elevated in the GTC-treated groups . 
Moreover , GTC-treated groups showed lower levels of total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol , whereas the level of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol increased . 
These results provide the first experimental evidence that GTC improves AD phenotypes , thereby suggesting that GTC can be used in the prevention of AD or treatment of AD patients . Dietary soy and soy isoflavones are neuroprotective in experimental cerebral ischemia . 
Because these isoflavones have estrogenic properties , we hypothesized that , like estrogens , they would inhibit acute vascular injury and the detrimental acute increase in hypoxia-induced vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) that leads to cerebral edema after stroke . 
Mature ovariectomized female Sprague Dawley rats were fed soy-free or soy-containing diets for 4 weeks followed by 90 minutes of transient middle cerebral artery occlusion . 
Similar to estrogens , dietary soy significantly reduced cerebral edema and vascular apoptosis 24 hours after stroke . 
Soy also inhibited the ischemia-induced increase in cortical VEGF and VEGF receptor ( VEGFR ) -2 protein expression observed 4 and 24 hours after stroke , although mRNA levels increased . 
The reduction in VEGF / VEGFR-2 was associated both with decreases in receptor phosphorylation and signaling to AKT and endothelial nitric oxide synthase . 
Furthermore degradation of the VEGFR-2 was increased with dietary soy . 
The primary ischemic stimulus for VEGF , hypoxia-inducible factor 1α ( HIF1α ) , was similarly reduced by dietary soy 4 hours after transient middle cerebral artery occlusion in both the cortex and striatum . 
The inhibition of HIF1α activity was further confirmed by a significant decrease in the HIF1α-activated apoptotic mediator BCL2 / adenovirus E1B 19 kDa protein-interacting protein 3 ( Nip3-like protein X ) . 
These data suggest that soy isoflavones target events early in the ischemic cascade as part of their neuroprotective actions and counterbalance some of the detrimental effects of the endogenous response to cerebral injury . Monoamine transporter and sodium channel mechanisms in the rapid pressor response to cocaine . Natriuretic peptides , beside their endocrine actions , have paracrine functions which include regulating glucose uptake and metabolism . 
Atrial natriuretic peptide ( ANP ) actions are mediated by cGMP which is implicated in the metabolic adaptation of glucose metabolism to oxygen deprivation in the heart . 
Although , it has been reported that ANP increases glucose uptake , cGMP decreases it . 
The aim of the present paper was to evaluate the role of the glucose transporters 1 and 4 ( GLUTS ) , in glucose uptake produced by ANP in fatty acid-dependent adult cardiomyocytes and glucose-dependent neonatal cardiomyocytes under oxygenation and hypoxia , which reverts adult metabolism to glucose-dependent . 
We also explored if the calcium-calmodulin complex participates in ANP-induced increase in glucose uptake . 
Neonatal cells had a higher glucose uptake than adult cells and GLUT 1 participated in basal uptake in both cell types . 
Hypoxia increased glucose uptake in adult cardiomyocytes but not in neonatal cells and this increase in glucose uptake was mediated by GLUT4 . 
ANP increased glucose uptake in both adult and neonatal myocytes , under oxygenation and hypoxia , and GLUT4 favored this increase . 
Neonatal cells were less sensitive to ANP . 
Trifluoperazine , a calcium-calmodulin blocker , inhibited the ANP-induced increase in glucose uptake . 
This suggests that ANP promotes GLUT 4 calcium-mediated recruitment to the cell membrane . 
In conclusion , glucose uptake regulation is one of the paracrine metabolic effects of ANP in adult and neonatal cardiomyocytes under oxygenation and hypoxia . 
This effect of this peptide could explain the beneficial effects found in the internal medicine and surgical fields . The evolutionary relationship and functional correlation between human formyl peptide receptors ( FPRs ) and their mouse counterparts remain incompletely understood . 
We examined three members of the mouse formyl peptide receptor subfamily ( mFprs ) and found that they differ in agonist preference and cellular distributions . 
When stably expressed in transfected rat basophilic leukemia ( RBL-2H3 ) cells , mFpr1 was readily activated by N-formylated peptides derived from Listeria monocytogenes ( fMIVTLF ) , Staphylococcus aureus ( fMIFL ) , and mitochondria ( fMMYALF ) . 
In contrast , the Escherichia coli-derived fMLF was 1000-fold less potent . 
The aforementioned peptides were much less efficacious at mFpr2 , which responded better to the synthetic hexapeptide WKYMVm , the synthetic agonists Quin-C1 ( a substituted quinazolinone ) , and compound 43 ( a nitrosylated pyrazolone derivative ) . 
Saturation binding assays showed that mFpr1 and mFpr2 were expressed at similar levels on the cell surface , although their affinity for N-formyl-Met-Leu-Phe-Ile-Ile-Lys-fluorescein isothiocyanate varied by more than 1000-fold [ dissociation constant ( K ( d ) ) values of 2 . 8 nM for mFpr1 and 4 . 8 μM for mFpr2 ] ) . 
Contrary to these receptors , mFpr-rs1 responded poorly to all the previously mentioned peptides that were tested . 
Fluorescent microscopy revealed an intracellular distribution pattern of mFpr-rs1 . 
On the basis of these results , we conclude that mFpr1 is an ortholog of human FPR1 with certain pharmacologic properties of human FPR2 / ALX , whereas mFpr2 has much lower affinity for formyl peptides . 
The intracellular distribution of mFpr-rs1 suggests an evolutionary correlation with human FPR3 . NCTC 2544 and IL-18 production : a tool for the identification of contact allergens . Carvedilol prevents cardiac hypertrophy and overexpression of hypoxia-inducible factor-1alpha and vascular endothelial growth factor in pressure-overloaded rat heart . The introduction of biochemical biomarkers in the evaluation of patients with cardiovascular disease has led to practice-changing advancements in the way these patients are diagnosed and managed . 
Measurements of cardiac troponins or brain-type natriuretic peptide ( BNP ) and its precursor , N-terminal brain-type natriuretic peptide ( NT-proBNP ) , have become indispensable in the evaluation of patients with acute coronary syndromes and heart failure , respectively , constituting an integral part of the diagnostic algorithm and risk stratification of these conditions . 
Copeptin , a glycopeptide , part of the prehormone molecule of the antidiuretic hormone - or arginine-vasopressin - has shown considerable promise in this field . 
There is evidence that copeptin might be useful as a diagnostic or prognostic biomarker and risk-stratifier in a range of cardiovascular disease conditions . 
The main clinical scenarios where copeptin has been studied as a biomarker are : early rule-out of myocardial infarction in patients with acute chest pain , diagnosis of heart failure in patients with acute dyspnea and determining the prognosis of destabilized or chronic stable heart failure . 
The present review is aimed at providing concise information about the molecular structure and biosynthesis of copeptin , the available medical chemistry methods of quantification , and the potential clinical uses of this molecule in patients with heart disease . The recent discovery of an eosinophilia-specific , imatinib-sensitive , karyotypically occult but fluorescence in situ hybridization-apparent molecular lesion in a subset of patients with blood eosinophilia has transformed the diagnostic as well as treatment approach to eosinophilic disorders . 
Primary ( i . 
e . 
nonreactive ) eosinophilia is considered either "clonal" or "idiopathic" based on the presence or absence , respectively , of either a molecular or bone marrow histological evidence for a myeloid neoplasm . 
Clonal eosinophilia might accompany a spectrum of clinicopathological entities , the minority of whom are molecularly characterized; Fip1-like-1-platelet-derived growth factor receptor alpha ( FIP1L1-PDGFRA ( + ) ) systemic mastocytosis , platelet-derived growth factor receptor beta ( PDGFRB ) -rearranged atypical myeloproliferative disorder , chronic myeloid leukemia , and the 8p11 syndrome that is associated with fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 ( FGFR1 ) rearrangement . 
Hypereosinophilic syndrome ( HES ) is a subcategory of idiopathic eosinophilia and is characterized by an absolute eosinophil count of > or = 1 . 5 x 10 ( 9 ) / l for at least 6 months as well as eosinophil-mediated tissue damage . 
At present , a working diagnosis of primary eosinophilia mandates a bone marrow examination , karyotype analysis , and additional molecular studies in order to provide the patient with accurate prognostic information as well as select appropriate therapy . 
For example , the presence of either PDGFRA or PDGFRB mutations warrants the use of imatinib in clonal eosinophilia . 
In HES , prednisone , hydroxyurea , and interferon-alpha constitute first-line therapy , whereas imatinib , cladribine , and monoclonal antibodies to either interleukin-5 ( mepolizumab ) or CD52 ( alemtuzumab ) are considered investigational . 
Allogeneic transplantation offers a viable treatment option for drug-refractory cases . Chronic exposure to the anabolic androgenic steroids ( AAS ) nandrolone decanoate ( ND ) in supra-physiological doses is associated with learning and memory impairments . 
Given the well-known beneficial effects of voluntary exercise on cognitive functions , we examined whether voluntary exercise would improve the cognitive deficits induced by chronic administration of ND . 
We also investigated the effects of ND and voluntary exercise on hippocampal BDNF levels . 
The rats were randomly distributed into 4 experimental groups : the vehicle-sedentary group , the ND-sedentary group , the vehicle-exercise group , and the ND-exercise group . 
The vehicle-exercise and the ND-exercise groups were allowed to freely exercise in a running wheel for 15 days . 
The vehicle-sedentary and the ND-sedentary groups were kept sedentary for the same period . 
Vehicle or ND injections were started 14 days prior to the voluntary exercise and continued throughout the 15 days of voluntary exercise . 
After the 15-day period , the rats were trained and tested on a water maze spatial task using four trials per day for 5 consecutive days followed by a probe trial two days later . 
Exercise significantly improved performance during both the training and retention of the water maze task , and enhanced hippocampal BDNF . 
ND impaired spatial learning and memory , and this effect was not rescued by exercise . 
ND also potentiated the exercise-induced increase in hippocampal BDNF levels . 
These results seem to indicate that voluntary exercise is unable to improve the disruption of cognitive functions by chronic ND . 
Moreover , increased levels of BDNF may play a role in ND-induced impairments in learning and memory . 
The harmful effects of ND and other AAS on learning and memory should be taken into account when athletes decide to use AAS for performance or body image improvement . The potential of nicotinic enhancement of cognitive remediation training in schizophrenia . Visualization and virtual screening of the chemical universe database GDB-17 . Disruption of the cereblon gene enhances hepatic AMPK activity and prevents high fat diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance in mice . Imatinib mesylate ( Gleevec ) enhances mature osteoclast apoptosis and suppresses osteoclast bone resorbing activity . Both 5-HT1B and 5-HT1F receptors modulate c-fos expression within rat trigeminal nucleus caudalis . Histamine and asthma : an appraisal based on specific H1-receptor antagonism . Quercetin ameliorate insulin resistance and up-regulates cellular antioxidants during oleic acid induced hepatic steatosis in HepG2 cells . The anticonvulsant felbamate blocks N-methyl-D-asparate ( NMDA ) receptors but fails to exhibit the neurobehavioral toxicity characteristic of other NMDA receptor antagonists . 
To investigate the possibility that felbamate's favorable toxicity profile could be related to NMDA receptor subtype selectivity , we examined the specificity of felbamate block of recombinant NMDA receptors composed of the NR1a subunit and various NR2 subunits . 
Felbamate produced a rapid , concentration-dependent block of currents evoked by 50 microM NMDA and 10 microM glycine in human embryonic kidney 293 cells expressing the rat NR1a subunit , and either the NR2A , NR2B or NR2C subunits; the IC50 values for block were 2 . 6 , 0 . 52 and 2 . 4 mM , respectively ( holding potential , - 60 mV ) . 
The Hill coefficient values were < 1 and , in kinetic analyses , onset and recovery from block were well fit by double exponential functions , indicating binding to more than one blocking site on the NMDA receptor channel complex . 
The higher affinity of felbamate block of NMDA receptors containing the NR2B subunit could be accounted for by more rapid association and slower dissociation from these sites . 
We conclude that felbamate exhibits modest selectivity for NMDA receptors composed of NR1a / NR2B subunits . 
This selectivity could , in part , account for the more favorable clinical profile of felbamate in comparison with NMDA receptor antagonists that do not show subunit selectivity . Resistance to thyroid hormone due to a novel thyroid hormone receptor mutant in a patient with hypothyroidism secondary to lingual thyroid and functional characterization of the mutant receptor . Chronic lymphocytic leukemia ( CLL ) is the most frequent form of leukemia in adult population and despite numerous studies , it is considered an incurable disease . 
Since CLL is characterized by overexpression of pro-survival Bcl-2 family members , treatments with their antagonists , such as ABT-737 , represent a promising new therapeutic strategy . 
ABT-737 is a BH3 mimetic agent which binds Bcl-2 , Bcl-XL and Bcl-w with high affinity , while weakly interacts with Mcl-1 and Bfl-1 . 
Previous studies demonstrated that quercetin , a flavonoid naturally present in food and beverages , was able to sensitize B-cells isolated from CLL patients to apoptosis when associated with death ligands or fludarabine , through a mechanism involving Mcl-1 down-regulation . 
Here , we report that the association between ABT-737 and quercetin synergistically induces apoptosis in B-cells and in five leukemic cell lines ( Combination Index <1 ) . 
Peripheral blood mononuclear cell from healthy donors were not affected by quercetin treatment . 
The molecular pathways triggered by quercetin have been investigated in HPB-ALL cells , characterized by the highest resistance to both ABT-737 and quercetin when applied as single molecules , but highly sensitivity to the co-treatment . 
In this cell line , quercetin down-regulated Mcl-1 through the inhibition of PI3K / Akt signaling pathway , leading to Mcl-1 instability . 
The same mechanism was confirmed in B-cells . 
These results may open new clinical perspectives based on a translational approach in CLL therapy . beta-L-Dioxolane-cytidine ( L-OddC , Troxacitabine , BCH-4556 ) , a novel L-configuration deoxycytidine analog , is under clinical trials for treating cancer . 
The cytotoxicity of L-OddC is dependent on the amount of the triphosphate form ( L-OddCTP ) in nuclear DNA . 
Phosphoglycerate kinase ( PGK ) , a downstream protein of hypoxia-inducible-factor-1alpha ( HIF-1alpha ) , is responsible for the phosphorylation of the diphosphate to the triphosphate of L-OddC . 
In this study , we studied the impact of hypoxia on the metabolism and the cytotoxicity of L-OddC and beta-d-2' , 2'-difluorodeoxycytidine ( dFdC ) in several human tumor cell lines including HepG2 , Hep3B , A673 , Panc-1 , and RKO . 
Hypoxic treatment induced the protein expression of PGK 3-fold but had no effect on the protein expression of APE-1 , dCK , CMPK , and nM23 H1 . 
Hypoxic treatment increased L-OddCTP formation and incorporation of L-OddC into DNA , but it decreased the uptake and incorporation of dFdC , which correlated with the reduction of hENT1 , hENT2 , and hCNT2 expression . 
Using a clonogenic assay , hypoxic treatment of cells made them 2- to 3-fold more susceptible to L-OddC but not to dFdC after exposure to drugs for one generation . 
Dimethyloxallyl glycine enhanced the cytotoxicity of L-OddC but not dFdC in Panc-1 cells under normoxic conditions . 
Overexpression or down-regulation of PGK using transient transfection of pcDNA5-PGK or inducible shRNA in RKO cells affected the cytotoxicity of L-OddC but not that of dFdC . 
The knockdown of HIF-1alpha in inducible shRNA in RKO cells reduced the cytotoxicity of L-OddC but not dFdC under hypoxic conditions . 
In conclusion , hypoxia is an important factor that may potentiate the activity of L-OddC . The dynamics of cobalamin utilization in L-1210 mouse leukemia cells : a model of cellular cobalamin metabolism . Aspirin and salicylate bind to immunoglobulin heavy chain binding protein ( BiP ) and inhibit its ATPase activity in human fibroblasts . BACKGROUND : Screening methods for the detection of plasmid-mediated AmpC beta-lactamases are technically demanding . 
The purpose of this study was to assess screening methods for the detection of these enzymes in clinical isolates of Escherichia coli , Klebsiella pneumoniae and Proteus mirabilis . 
METHODS : Isolates were selected according to a resistance phenotype consistent with production of an AmpC-type beta-lactamase . 
Detection of acquired ampC genes was done with a multiplex ampC-PCR and sequencing . 
The phenotypic detection methods evaluated included visual examination of antibiogram plates to identify the presence of scattered colonies located near the edge of the inhibition halo of cefoxitin , cefotaxime , ceftazidime and aztreonam , and a double-disc synergy test using cloxacillin ( 500 mg ) to inhibit AmpC enzymes . 
RESULTS : Seventy-seven isolates were selected from among 6 , 209 isolates recovered . 
Acquired ampC genes ( blaCMY-2 , blaDHA-1 , blaCMY-4 and blaACC-1 ) were found in 19 ( 24 . 7% ) of these isolates , including 14 E . 
coli , two K . 
pneumoniae and three P . 
mirabilis isolates . 
The differential trait for the presence of colonies in the inhibition halo was 100% sensitive and specific . 
Similar results were obtained for the cloxacillin test , except for the E . 
coli isolates in which specificity was 10 . 3% . 
CONCLUSION : The phenotypic trait described here can be considered useful for suspecting the presence of these enzymes . 
The cloxacillin test was only useful in isolates lacking a natural AmpC beta-lactamase . The insulin-like and / or insulin-sensitising effects of Syzygium aqueum leaf extract and its six bioactive compounds; 4-hydroxybenzaldehyde , myricetin-3-O-rhamnoside , europetin-3-O-rhamnoside , phloretin , myrigalone-G and myrigalone-B were investigated in 3T3-L1 adipocytes . 
We observed that , S . 
aqueum leaf extract ( 0 . 04-5 μg / ml ) and its six bioactive compounds ( 0 . 08-10 μM ) at non-cytotoxic concentrations were effectively enhance adipogenesis , stimulate glucose uptake and increase adiponectin secretion in 3T3-L1 adipocytes . 
Clearly , the compounds myricetin-3-O-rhamnoside and europetin-3-O-rhamnoside showed insulin-like and insulin-sensitising effects on adipocytes from a concentration of 0 . 08 μM . 
These compounds were far better than rosiglitazone and the other isolated compounds in enhancing adipogenesis , stimulating 2-NBDG uptake and increasing adiponectin secretion at all the concentrations tested . 
These suggest the antidiabetic potential of S . 
aqueum leaf extract and its six bioactive compounds . 
However , further molecular interaction studies to explain the mechanisms of action are highly warranted . This manuscript describes methodology and a prediction model for the MUTZ-LC migration assay . 
The assay represents the physiological change in Langerhans cell ( LC ) behavior after exposure to a sensitizing chemical , resulting in LC migration from the epidermis to the dermis . 
MUTZ-LC are derived from the commercially available MUTZ-3 cell line . 
Upon exposure to a sensitizer MUTZ-LC migrate preferentially towards CXCL12 whereas upon exposure to a non-sensitizer MUTZ-LC migrate towards CCL5 . 
A CXCL12 / CCL5 ratio >1 . 10 in 2 / 3 independent experiments is indicative of a sensitizer , whereas a CXCL12 / CCL5 ratio ≤1 . 10 is indicative of a non-sensitizer . 
At non cytotoxic chemical concentrations 9 sensitizers ( 2 , 4-dinitrochlorobenzene , paraphenylendiamine , cinnamaldehyde , isoeugenol , nickel-sulfate , tetramethylthiuram disulfide , eugenol , cinnamic-alcohol , ammonium-hexachloroplatinate ) were distinguished from 4 non sensitizers ( sodium lauryl sulfate , salicylic acid , phenol , octanoic acid ) . 
Critical points in assay performance are ( i ) MUTZ-3 passage number after thawing ( p6-p40 ) ; ( ii ) cell viability ( >80% ) ; ( iii ) standard curve to optimize correlation of fluorescence with cell number; and ( iv ) optimization of the concentration of rhCXCL12 and rhCCL5 in transwell . 
The protocol has been tested in three European laboratories and results suggest that it may provide working conditions for performing the DC migration assay which is aimed at distinguishing sensitizers from non sensitizers . Aspirin is a salicylate drug that is extensively used for its anti-inflammatory , antipyretic , analgesic and anti-thrombotic effects . 
More recently , it has been shown to decrease the incidence of cancers of epithelial origin . 
In most cases , aspirin is relatively safe . 
However , it does cause a host of adverse effects and toxicities , including gastrointestinal bleeding , ulcerations , nephrotoxicity and hypersensitivity reactions . 
Although the inhibition of cyclooxygenases by aspirin , which leads to its anti-inflammatory / analgesic properties , has been well studied , the mechanisms involved in its chemopreventive effects as well as some of its adverse effects are as yet ill-defined . 
Studies over the past decades suggest that , besides cyclooxygenases , aspirin acetylates other cellular proteins . 
These studies used radiolabeled 3H or 14C aspirin , the only approach used to date for the detection of proteins acetylated by aspirin . 
In a recent study using protein-specific anti-acetyl lysine antibodies and immunological methods , we demonstrated the ability of aspirin to acetylate the tumor suppressor protein p53 . 
In this review , we present current research from the literature on the aspirin-induced acetylation of proteins . 
We also describe an immunological approach to detecting acetylated proteins in aspirin-treated cells , and demonstrate that multiple proteins are acetylated . 
Since post-translational modification of proteins , such as acetylation , may lead to the alteration of their function , it is possible that some of the hitherto unexplained beneficial or adverse effects of aspirin could occur as a result of these modifications . 
The identification of these novel acetylation targets of aspirin represents a new area for investigation . Abstract 1 . 
A major pathway of elimination of the prostaglandin D2 receptor 1 antagonist laropiprant in humans is by uridine diphosphate-glucuronosyltransferase ( UGT ) -mediated biotransformation . 
In this study , liver and kidney relative activity factors were developed for UGT1A1 , 1A9 and 2B7 to allow for in vitro-in vivo extrapolation of intrinsic clearance data to whole organ clearance using recombinant human UGT isoforms applying this to laropiprant as a model substrate . 
2 . 
The total body metabolic clearance of laropiprant determined using this approach ( 5 . 0 L / hr ) agreed well with the value determined in vivo following intravenous administration to healthy human volunteers ( 5 . 1 L / hr ) . 
3 . 
The results suggest that approximately 36% , 36% and 28% of the hepatic metabolic clearance of laropiprant was mediated by UGT1A1 , 1A9 and 2B7 , respectively . 
Likewise , 80% and 20% of the renal metabolic clearance was mediated by UGT1A9 and 2B7 , respectively . 
Furthermore , the data suggested that the contribution of the kidney to the overall total metabolic clearance was minor relative to the liver ( ∼ 12% ) . Hyperphenylalaninemia , which can cause neurological disorders and mental retardation , results from a mutation in phenylalanine hydroxylase or an enzyme required for biosynthesis or regeneration of its cofactor , tetrahydrobiopterin . 
The hyperphenylalaninemia variant primapterinuria is characterized by the excretion of 7-biopterin ( primapterin ) . 
This disorder is thought to be due to a deficiency of 4a-hydroxy-tetrahydrobiopterin dehydratase ( pterin-4a-carbinolamine dehydratase ) , but a lack of tissue activity has not been directly demonstrated . 
The five mutations so far recognized in patients with primapterinuria are associated with either a single amino acid change or a premature stop codon . 
Only C81R has been successfully expressed in soluble form , and was found to have 40% of normal activity . 
Tissues which could be obtained by minimally invasive procedures were analyzed for dehydratase activity . 
None was detected in normal human white cells or fibroblasts . 
However , activity was found in intestine of rat , dog , pig , and particularly humans where it was only eight times lower than in liver . 
Distribution along the length and across the wall of small intestine was relatively uniform . 
Moreover , the dehydratases from human liver and intestinal mucosa have identical kinetic properties . 
A biopsy of duodenal mucosa from a patient with homozygous E96K dehydratase had activity of 55 nmol . 
min ( -1 ) g ( -1 ) mucosa compared to 329 + / - 32 nmol . 
min ( -1 ) g ( -1 ) tissue in controls ( n = 12 ) . 
The sixfold lower tissue activity of the E96K mutant alone may not be sufficient to account for the biochemical symptoms of primapterinuria in this patient . 
However , accumulation of a 4a-hydroxy-tetrahydrobiopterin degradation product ( a side-chain cyclic adduct ) , which has been observed in vitro and appears to be a dehydratase inhibitor , may further exacerbate the problem . Selenium ( Se ) has anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties and is necessary for the development and normal function of the central nervous system . 
This study was aimed to compare the in vitro effects of 3-methyl-1-phenyl-2- ( phenylseleno ) oct-2-en-1-one ( C21H2HOSe; organoselenium ) and sodium selenate ( inorganic Se ) on adenosine deaminase ( ADA ) activity , cell viability , lipid peroxidation , scavenger of nitric oxide ( NO ) and nonprotein thiols ( NP-SH ) content in the cerebral cortex slices of the young rats . 
A decrease in ADA activity was observed when the slices were exposed to organoselenium at the concentrations of 1 , 10 and 30 µM . 
The same compound showed higher scavenger capacity of NO than the inorganic compound . 
Inorganic Se was able to protect against sodium nitroprusside-induced oxidative damage and increased the NP-SH content . 
Both the compounds displayed distinctive antioxidant capacities and were not cytotoxic for the cerebral cortex slices in the conditions tested . 
These findings are likely to be related to immunomodulatory and antioxidant properties of this compound . The activities of some antioxidative and hexose monophosphate shunt enzymes , as well as of 2 hydrolases were studied in skeletal muscle biopsy specimens taken from 39 patients with neuromuscular diseases and from 15 controls . 
The activity of Se-dependent glutathione peroxidase was higher in patients with congenital myotonia , whereas in the other diagnostic groups this enzyme activity was the same as in the controls . 
The Se-independent and total glutathione peroxidase activity of patients in the various diagnostic groups did not differ from the controls . 
Moreover , no difference were observed in catalase activity between the patient groups and the controls . 
The activities of the rate limiting enzymes of hexose monophosphate shunt , glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase and 6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase of muscle biopsy samples of various patient groups did not show any significant difference from controls . 
The activity of a lysosomal hydrolase , beta-N-acetylglucosaminidase , was increased in patients with polyneuropathy and the activity of a nonlysosomal protease , alkaline protease , was high in patients with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease . 
The activities of Se-dependent glutathione peroxidase , 6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase and of both hydrolases showed a significant correlation to the magnitude of muscle atrophy . The metabolic profile of mitoxantrone and its relation with mitoxantrone-induced cardiotoxicity . Abnormal fatty acid pattern in rheumatoid arthritis . 
A rationale for treatment with marine and botanical lipids . Lucidone from Lindera erythrocarpa Makino fruits suppresses adipogenesis in 3T3-L1 cells and attenuates obesity and consequent metabolic disorders in high-fat diet C57BL / 6 mice . Neuropeptide S ( NPS ) , the endogenous ligand of NPSR , has been shown to promote arousal and anxiolytic-like effects . 
According to the predominant distribution of NPSR in brain tissues associated with learning and memory , NPS has been reported to modulate cognitive function in rodents . 
Here , we investigated the role of NPS in memory formation , and determined whether NPS could mitigate memory impairment induced by selective N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor antagonist MK801 , muscarinic cholinergic receptor antagonist scopolamine or Aβ1-42 in mice , using novel object and object location recognition tasks . 
Intracerebroventricular ( i . 
c . 
v . 
) injection of 1 nmol NPS 5 min after training not only facilitated object recognition memory formation , but also prolonged memory retention in both tasks . 
The improvement of object recognition memory induced by NPS could be blocked by the selective NPSR antagonist SHA 68 , indicating pharmacological specificity . 
Then , we found that i . 
c . 
v . 
injection of NPS reversed memory disruption induced by MK801 , scopolamine or Aβ1-42 in both tasks . 
In summary , our results indicate that NPS facilitates memory formation and prolongs the retention of memory through activation of the NPSR , and mitigates amnesia induced by blockage of glutamatergic or cholinergic system or by Aβ1-42 , suggesting that NPS / NPSR system may be a new target for enhancing memory and treating amnesia . Cocaine modulates serum levels of progesterone in intact female and male rats , as well as in pregnant dams , and progesterone decreases or attenuates cocaine-induced behavioral and reward responses . 
It has been postulated that cocaine's modulation of serum progesterone levels may in turn alter progesterone receptor activity , thereby contributing to cocaine-induced alterations of neuronal functions and genomic regulations . 
To test this hypothesis , intact male rats received acute injections of saline or cocaine ( 15 or 30 mg / kg , dissolved in 0 . 9% saline , intraperitoneal ) . 
Progesterone serum levels , progesterone receptor ( PR ) protein levels , and PR-DNA binding complexes were measured in the striatum by radioimmunoassay , Western blot , and gel shift analyses , respectively . 
After injection of 15 mg / kg of cocaine , induction of progesterone serum levels was closely followed by an increase in receptor protein levels and DNA binding complexes . 
After injection of 30 mg / kg of cocaine , similar effects were observed along with an attenuation of receptor protein levels and DNA binding complexes at 60 min . 
Our results suggest that activation of progesterone receptors may be a mechanism by which cocaine mediates behavior through molecular alterations in the central nervous system . Hypoxia-response element ( HRE ) -directed transcriptional regulation of the rat lysyl oxidase gene in response to cobalt and cadmium . Neuroendocrine chromaffin cells exist in both intra- and extra-adrenal locations; the organ of Zuckerkandl ( OZ ) constitutes the largest accumulation of extra-adrenal chromaffin tissue in mammals . 
The OZ disappears postnatally by modes that are still enigmatic but can be maintained by treatment with glucocorticoids ( GC ) . 
Whether the response to GC reflects a pharmacological or a physiological role of GC has not been clarified . 
Using mice with a conditional deletion of the GC-receptor ( GR ) gene restricted to cells expressing the dopamine β-hydroxylase ( DBH ) gene [ GR ( fl / fl ) ; DBHCre abbreviated ( GR ( DBHCre ) ) ] , we now present the first evidence for a physiological role of GC signalling in the postnatal maintenance of the OZ : postnatal losses of OZ chromaffin cells in GR ( DBHCre ) mice are doubled compared to wild-type littermates . 
We find that postnatal cell loss in the OZ starts at birth and is accompanied by autophagy . 
Electron microscopy reveals autophagic vacuoles and autophagolysosomes in chromaffin cells . 
Autophagy in OZ extra-adrenal chromaffin cells is confirmed by showing accumulation of p62 protein , which occurs , when autophagy is blocked by deleting the Atg5 gene ( Atg5 ( DBHCre ) mice ) . 
Cathepsin-D , a lysosomal marker , is expressed in cells that surround chromaffin cells and are positive for the macrophage marker BM8 . 
Macrophages are relatively more abundant in mice lacking the GR , indicating more robust elimination of degenerating chromaffin cells in GR ( DBHCre ) mice than in wild-type littermates . 
In summary , our results indicate that extra-adrenal chromaffin cells in the OZ show signs of autophagy , which accompany their postnatal numerical decline , a process that is controlled by GR signalling . Protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B ( PTP1B ) is an important factor in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus ( type-2 diabetes ) , and a promising target for treatment of diabetes and obesity . 
Therefore , the aim of this study is to investigate the inhibitory activities of constituents ( three new together with twelve known triterpenes compounds ) isolated from the hydrolyzate of total saponins from Gynostemma pentaphyllum . 
Their structures were accomplished mainly base on the spectroscopic methods , and then were further confirmed by X-ray crystal diffraction . 
All the compounds were evaluated for inhibitory activity against PTP1B . 
Current data suggested that the compounds 1 , 3 , 12 , 13 and 14 were considered to be potential as antidiabetic agents , in which they could significantly inhibit the PTP1B enzyme activity in a dose-dependent manner . ETHOPHARMACOLOGICAL RELEVANCE : Mitragynine is an indole alkaloid compound of Mitragyna speciosa ( M . 
speciosa ) Korth . 
( Rubiaceae ) . 
This plant is native to the southern regions of Thailand and northern regions of Malaysia and is frequently used to manage the withdrawal symptoms in both countries . 
AIM OF STUDY : To investigate the effect of mitragynine after chronic morphine treatment on cyclic AMP ( cAMP ) level and mRNA expression of mu-opioid receptor ( MOR ) in human neuroblastoma SK-N-SH cell . 
METHOD AND MATERIALS : Mitragynine was isolated from the Mitragyna speciosa plant using the acid-base extraction method . 
The cAMP level upon forskolin stimulation in the cells was determined using the Calbiochem ( ® ) Direct Immunoassay Kit . 
The mRNA expression of the MOR was carried out using quantitative RT-PCR . 
RESULT : Cotreatment and pretreatment of morphine and mitragynine significantly reduced the production of cAMP level at a lower concentration of nitrogen while the higher concentration of this compound could lead to the development of tolerance and dependence as shown by the increase of the cAMP level production in foskolin stimulation . 
In MOR mRNA expression study , cotreatment of morphine with mitragynine significantly reduced the down-regulation of MOR mRNA expression as compared to morphine treatment only . 
CONCLUSION : These finding suggest that mitragynine could possibly avoid the tolerance and dependence on chronic morphine treatment by reducing the up-regulation of cAMP level as well as reducing the down-regulation of MOR at a lower concentration of mitragynine . Rapamycin is a canonical allosteric inhibitor of the mTOR kinase with immunosuppressive and pro-apoptotic activities . 
We found that in vitro rapamycin also regulates the proteasome , an essential intracellular protease of the ubiquitin-proteasome pathway . 
Rapamycin inhibits proteinase and selected peptidase activities of the catalytic core proteasome at low micromolar concentrations . 
Moreover , the drug interferes with binding of the 19S cap essential for processing of polyubiquitinylated substrates , and the PA200 activator to the 20S catalytic core proteasome . 
These protein complexes are known to bind to specific grooves on the α face region of the 20S core . 
A treatment with rapamycin affects conformational dynamics of the proteasomal gate , a centrally positioned within the α face and allosterically regulated element responsible for the intake of substrates . 
Interestingly , we showed that rapamycin shares all the proteasome targeting properties not only with other two-domain , closed-ring analogs ( rapalogs ) , but also with its single domain mimics , and with seco-rapamycin . 
The latter is the first in vivo open-ring metabolite of rapamycin that does not affect mTOR . 
We hypothesize that the rapamycin and related compounds bind to the α face and allosterically impact the proteasome function . 
The implications of our finding for mechanism of in vivo actions of rapamycin and for design of novel allosteric drugs targeting the proteasome are discussed . The refolding kinetics of guanidine-denatured disulfide-intact bovine pancreatic ribonuclease A ( RNase A ) and its proline-42-to-alanine mutant ( Pro42Ala ) have been studied by monitoring tyrosine burial and 2'-cytidine monophosphate ( 2'CMP ) inhibitor binding . 
The folding rate for wild-type RNase A is faster in the presence of the inhibitor 2'CMP than in its absence , indicating that the transition-state structure in the rate-determining step is stabilized by 2'CMP . 
The folding rate monitored by 2'CMP binding to the major slow-folding species of Pro42Ala RNase A is faster than the folding rate monitored by tyrosine burial; however , the folding rate monitored by inhibitor binding to the minor slow-folding species is decreased significantly over the folding rate monitored by tyrosine burial , indicating that the major and minor slow-folding species of Pro42Ala fold to the native state with different transition-state conformations in the rate-determining step . Mycobacterium avium complex ( MAC ) causes chronic lung disease in immunocompetent people and disseminated infection in patients with AIDS . 
MAC is intrinsically resistant to many conventional antimycobacterial agents , it develops drug resistance rapidly to macrolide antibiotics , and patients with MAC infection experience frequent relapses or the inability to completely eradicate the infection with current treatment . 
Treatment regimens are prolonged and complicated by drug toxicity or intolerances . 
We sought to identify biochemical pathways in MAC that can serve as targets for novel antimycobacterial treatment . 
The cytochrome P450 enzyme , CYP51 , catalyzes an essential early step in sterol metabolism , removing a methyl group from lanosterol in animals and fungi , or from obtusifoliol in plants . 
Azoles inhibit CYP51 function , leading to an accumulation of methylated sterol precursors . 
This perturbation of normal sterol metabolism compromises cell membrane integrity , resulting in growth inhibition or cell death . 
We have cloned and characterized a CYP51 from MAC that functions as a lanosterol 14alpha-demethylase . 
We show the direct interactions of azoles with purified MAC-CYP51 by absorbance and electron paramagnetic resonance spectroscopy , and determine the minimum inhibitory concentrations ( MICs ) of econazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole , fluconazole , and voriconazole against MAC . 
Furthermore , we demonstrate that econazole has a MIC of 4 mug / ml and a minimum bacteriocidal concentration of 4 mug / ml , whereas ketoconazole has a MIC of 8 mug / ml and a minimum bacteriocidal concentration of 16 mug / ml . 
Itraconazole , voriconazole , and fluconazole did not inhibit MAC growth to any significant extent . PURPOSE : RRM1 encodes the regulatory subunit of ribonucleotide reductase and is a molecular target of gemcitabine . 
Previous studies showed increased RRM1 expression on continuous exposure of cell lines to gemcitabine and suggested improved survival for patients with low as opposed to high tumoral RRM1 expression when treated with gemcitabine-containing chemotherapy . 
However , the principal hypothesis that intratumoral levels of gene expression are associated with disease response has not been addressed . 
PATIENTS AND METHODS : We constructed genetically modified lung cancer cell lines with increased and decreased RRM1 expression to investigate the in vitro 50% inhibitory concentration ( IC50 ) for gemcitabine , cisplatin , and carboplatin . 
A prospective phase II clinical trial in patients with locally advanced non-small-cell lung cancer was conducted with pretreatment tumor collection for determination of RRM1 and ERCC1 expression by real-time reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction . 
The levels of gene expression were correlated with tumor response after two cycles of gemcitabine and carboplatin . 
RESULTS : In cell lines with a genetically engineered 15-fold RRM1 expression range , the gemcitabine IC50 had a 100-fold range , and the cisplatin and carboplatin IC50 had a two-fold range . 
They were highest in constructs with high RRM1 expression . 
In the prospective clinical trial , RRM1 expression was significantly ( P = . 002 ) and inversely correlated ( r = -0 . 498 ) with disease response . 
ERCC1 expression showed a similar trend ( P = . 099 ) . 
CONCLUSION : The results strongly suggest that tumoral RRM1 expression is a major predictor of disease response to gemcitabine / platinum chemotherapy . 
ERCC1 expression is predictive of response albeit to a lesser degree . The juvenile visceral steatosis ( jvs ) mouse , having a mutation in the carnitine transporter gene Octn2 , is a model of primary systemic carnitine deficiency in humans ( SCD , OMIM 212140 ) . 
Like humans with SCD , homozygous jvs - / - mice have hepatic and cardiac steatoses , reduced plasma and tissue carnitines , and increased urinary carnitine clearance . 
Because symptomatic heterozygotes have been reported for some fatty acid oxidation disorders , including SCD , we compared the jvs heterozygotes to normal control mice . 
We measured the free and esterified carnitine , total cholesterol , and triglycerides in adult liver samples , myocardium , and skeletal muscle . 
Our results indicate significant differences between the livers of nonfasting adult normal ( n = 8 ) vs jvs heterozygotes ( n = 8 ) ( means + / - SEM , p < 0 . 01 ) for the following parameters : free carnitine , 2 . 28 + / - 0 . 36 nmol / mg protein vs 0 . 41 + / - 0 . 13; total carnitine , 3 . 48 + / - 0 . 36 vs 1 . 27 + / - 0 . 25; triglycerides , 0 . 14 + / - 0 . 04 vs 0 . 39 + / - 0 . 02; and total cholesterol , 0 . 21 + / - 0 . 02 vs 0 . 39 + / - 0 . 04 , but not for esterified carnitine , 1 . 18 + / - 0 . 17 vs 0 . 90 + / - 0 . 17 ( p > 0 . 05 ) . 
There is also a negative correlation between hepatic free carnitine and triglycerides from jvs heterozygotes ( p < 0 . 05 ) . 
Similar results were obtained with myocardium and skeletal muscle . 
We conclude that free and total carnitine levels are significantly lower in the heterozygote mouse liver and heart while triglyceride and total cholesterol levels are significantly higher . 
We speculate that in situations of lipolytic stress , some SCD heterozygotes might develop clinical symptoms of carnitine deficiency . Leukotrienes in the pathogenesis of pulmonary blast injury . The constitutive active / androstane receptor ( CAR ) regulates hepatic drug metabolism by activating genes such as cytochrome P450 ( CYP ) and certain transferases . 
p38 mitogen activated protein kinase ( MAPK ) is highly activated in human primary hepatocytes but barely in human hepatoma cell-lines including HepG2 cells . 
Liganded-CAR induced CYP2B6 mRNA in human primary hepatocytes far more effectively than in HepG2 cells ectopically expressing CAR . 
Here , we have now found that activation of p38 MAPK by anisomycin potentiated induction of CYP2B6 mRNA by CAR ligand in HepG2 cells to levels observed in ligand-treated human primary hepatocytes . 
siRNA knockdown of p38 MAPK abrogated the ability of anisomycin to synergistically induce CYP2B6 mRNA . 
In addition to CYP2B6 , anisomycin co-treatment potentiated an increase in CYP2A7 and CYP2C9 mRNAs but not CYP3A4 or UDP-glucuronosyltransferase 1A1 mRNAs . 
Thus , activated p38 MAPK is required for liganded-CAR to selectively activate a set of genes that encode drug metabolizing enzymes . 
Our present results suggest that CAR-mediated induction of these enzymes can not be understood by ligand binding alone because the specificity and magnitude of induction are co-determined by a given cell signaling such as p38 MAPK; both physiological and pathophysiological states of cell signaling may have a strong impact in hepatic drug metabolizing capability during therapeutic treatments . Discovery of 4-amino-N- [ ( 1S ) -1- ( 4-chlorophenyl ) -3-hydroxypropyl ] -1- ( 7H-pyrrolo [ 2 , 3-d ] pyrimidin-4-yl ) piperidine-4-carboxamide ( AZD5363 ) , an orally bioavailable , potent inhibitor of Akt kinases . BACKGROUND : Characterization of novel rodent models for prostate cancer studies requires evaluation of either spontaneous and carcinogen-induced tumors as well as tumor incidence in different prostatic lobes . 
We propose a new short-term rodent model of chemically induced prostate carcinogenesis in which prostate cancer progression occurs differentially in the dorsolateral and ventral lobes . 
METHODS : Adult gerbils were treated with MNU alone or associated with testosterone for 3 or 6 months of treatment . 
Tumor incidence , latency , localization , and immunohistochemistry ( AR , PCNA , smooth muscle α-actin , p63 , MGMT , and E-cadherin ) were studied in both lobes . 
RESULTS : Comparisons between both lobes revealed that lesions developed first in the DL while the VL presented longer tumor latency . 
However , after 6 months , there was a dramatic increase in tumor multiplicity in the VL , mainly in MNU-treated groups . 
Lesions clearly progressed from a premalignant to a malignant phenotype over time and tumor latency was decreased by MNU + testosterone administration . 
Three-dimensional reconstruction of the prostatic complex showed that the DL developed tumors exclusively in the periurethral area and showed intense AR , PCNA , and MGMT immunostaining . 
Moreover , VL lesions emerged throughout the entire lobe . 
MNU-induced lesions presented markers indicative of an aggressive phenotype : lack of basal cells , rupture of the smooth muscle cell layer , loss of E-cadherin , and high MGMT staining . 
CONCLUSIONS : There are distinct pathways involved in tumor progression in gerbil prostate lobes . 
This animal provides a good model for prostate cancer since it allows the investigation of advanced steps of carcinogenesis with shorter latency periods in both lobes . 
Prostate © 2013 Wiley Periodicals , Inc . The neuropeptide oxytocin has emerged as an important anorexigen in the regulation of energy balance . 
Its effects on food intake have largely been attributed to limiting meal size through interactions in key regulatory brain regions such as the hypothalamus and hindbrain . 
Pharmacologic and pair-feeding studies indicate that its ability to reduce body mass extends beyond that of food intake , affecting multiple factors that determine energy balance such as energy expenditure , lipolysis , and glucose regulation . 
Systemic administration of oxytocin recapitulates many of its effects when administered centrally , raising the questions of whether and to what extent circulating oxytocin contributes to energy regulation . 
Its therapeutic potential to treat metabolic conditions remains to be determined , but data from diet-induced and genetically obese rodent models as well as application of oxytocin in humans in other areas of research have revealed promising results thus far . Increased expression of tissue factor procoagulant by peripheral blood monocytes has been implicated in a number of thrombotic disorders . 
The present studies were undertaken to determine whether stable analogues of prostacyclin , a potent endothelium-derived platelet inhibitor and vasodilator , could inhibit tissue factor expression by human monocytic cells . 
Exposure of monocytic tumor THP-1 cells to 100 ng / ml endotoxin , 2 units / ml interleukin-1 beta , or 5 ng / ml tumor necrosis factor-alpha for 4 hours led to increased tissue factor procoagulant activity . 
Preincubation for 30 minutes with iloprost , ciprostene , and carbacyclin led to a dose-dependent inhibition of tissue factor expression induced by all three challenging agents . 
Iloprost was the most potent : 50% inhibition occurred at 5 nM , a concentration close to the reported dissociation constant for iloprost binding to the platelet prostacyclin receptor . 
An orally active analogue , cicaprost , was equally effective against endotoxin-induced tissue factor expression . 
Carbacyclin and ciprostene were 100 times less potent . 
Iloprost prevented the endotoxin-induced expression of tissue factor antigen on the surface of THP-1 cells , as determined by flow cytometry . 
Iloprost ( 500 pM-50 nM ) increased intracellular levels of cyclic AMP . 
This effect was potentiated by isobutylmethylxanthine , an inhibitor of phosphodiesterase . 
The inhibitory effects of iloprost on tissue factor expression were also potentiated by isobutylmethylxanthine and mimicked by forskolin and dibutyryl cyclic AMP but not dibutyryl cyclic GMP . 
These results suggest that prostacyclin may play a role in downregulating tissue factor expression in monocytes , at least in part via elevation of intracellular levels of cyclic AMP . Suppression of adrenal function by low-dose prednisone : assessment with 24-hour urinary steroid hormone profiles--a review of five cases . One new compound named amauroamoienin ( 1 ) , together with thirteen known compounds ( 2-14 ) , was isolated from the EtOAc extract of Amauroderma amoiensis . 
The structures of these compounds were elucidated by the analysis of 1D and 2D spectroscopic data and the MS technique . 
The bioassays of inhibitory activities of these isolates against acetylcholinesterase were evaluated , and compounds 1 , 3 , and 5 exhibited acetylcholinesterase inhibitory activities . Vitamin A and retinoid signaling : genomic and non-genomic effects . Synthesis and structure-activity relationships of novel warfarin derivatives . The NDUFA1 gene product ( MWFE protein ) is essential for activity of complex I in mammalian mitochondria . Airway inflammation in asymptomatic children with episodic wheeze . Permanent Neonatal Diabetes in INSC94Y Transgenic Pigs . Growth factor delivery from hydrogel particle aggregates to promote tubular regeneration after acute kidney injury . Plasma N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide and adrenomedullin : prognostic utility and prediction of benefit from carvedilol in chronic ischemic left ventricular dysfunction . 
Australia-New Zealand Heart Failure Group . BDNF-induced local protein synthesis and synaptic plasticity . Switchable Elastin-Like Polypeptides that Respond to Chemical Inducers of Dimerization . 2-Arylpropionic CXC chemokine receptor 1 ( CXCR1 ) ligands as novel noncompetitive CXCL8 inhibitors . The effects of minaprine on cycloheximide-induced amnesia were investigated in a step-down passive avoidance task in mice . 
Minaprine significantly improved cycloheximide-induced amnesia . 
This effect was inhibited by scopolamine , but was potentiated by physostigmine . 
The anti-amnesic effect of minaprine on the cycloheximide-induced memory impairment was also antagonized by a serotonin ( 5-HT ) releaser , p-chloroamphetamine , and by a 5-HT precursor , 5-hydroxytryptophan , whereas a 5-HT1A-selective agonist , 8-hydroxy-2- ( di-n-propylamino ) tetralin , was inactive . 
The memory-improving effect of minaprine on cycloheximide-induced amnesia was potentiated by a selective 5-HT2 antagonist , ritanserin . 
These results suggest that the beneficial effect of minaprine on cycloheximide-induced amnesia may be related not only to cholinergic but also serotonergic neuronal systems ( 5-HT2 receptors ) . Molecular and pharmacological evidence for modulation of kinin B ( 1 ) receptor expression by endogenous glucocorticoids hormones in rats . Crystallographic analysis of the human phenylalanine hydroxylase catalytic domain with bound catechol inhibitors at 2 . 0 A resolution . Dithiocarbamates are nitrogen- and sulfur-containing compounds commonly used in pharmacology , medicine and agriculture . 
The molecular effects of dithiocarbamates on neuronal cell systems are not fully understood , especially in terms of their ability to accumulate copper ions inside the cell . 
In this work , the molecular effects of N , N-diethyldithiocarbamate ( DEDTC ) were studied in human SH-SY5Y neuroblastoma cells to determine the role of copper in the DEDTC toxicity and the pathway trigged in cell by the complex Cu-DEDTC . 
From concentration-dependent studies , we found that 5 μM of this compound induced a drastic decrease in viable cells with a concomitant accumulation in intracellular copper resulted from complexation with DEDTC , measured by atomic absorption spectroscopy . 
The mechanism of DEDTC-induced apoptosis in neuronal model cells is thought to occur through the death receptor signaling triggered by DEDTC-copper complex in low concentration that is associated with the activation of caspase 8 . 
Our results indicated that the mechanism of cell death involves cytochrome c release forming the apoptosome together with Apaf-1 and caspase 9 , converting the caspase 9 into its active form , allowing it to activate caspase 3 as observed by immunofluorescence . 
This pathway is induced by the cytotoxic effects that occur when DEDTC forms a complex with the copper ions present in the culture medium and transports them into the cell , suggesting that the DEDTC by itself was not able to cause cell death and the major effect is from its copper-complex in neuroblastoma cells . 
The present study suggests a role for the influence of copper by low concentrations of DEDTC in the extracellular media , the absorption and accumulation of copper in the cell and apoptotic events , induced by the cytotoxic effects that occur when DEDTC forms a complex with the copper ions . Alternative splicing ( AS ) is one of the most significant components of the functional complexity of human UDP-glucuronosyltransferase enzymes ( UGTs ) , particularly for the UGT1A gene , which represents one of the best examples of a drug-metabolizing gene regulated by AS . 
Shorter UGT1A isoforms [ isoform 2 ( i2 ) ] are deficient in glucuronic acid transferase activity but function as negative regulators of enzyme activity through protein-protein interaction . 
Their abundance , relative to active UGT1A enzymes , is expected to be a determinant of the global transferase activity of cells and tissues . 
Here we tested whether i2-mediated inhibition increases with greater abundance of the i2 protein relative to the isoform 1 ( i1 ) enzyme , using the extrahepatic UGT1A7 as a model and a series of 23 human embryonic kidney 293 clonal cell lines expressing variable contents of i1 and i2 proteins . 
Upon normalization for i1 , a significant reduction of 7-ethyl-10-hydroxycamptothecin glucuronide formation was observed for i1 + i2 clones ( mean of 53% ) compared with the reference i1 cell line . 
In these clones , the i2 protein content varied greatly ( 38-263% relative to i1 ) and revealed two groups : 17 clones with i2 < i1 ( 60% ± 3% ) and 6 clones with i2 ≥ i1 ( 153% ± 24% ) . 
The inhibition induced by i2 was more substantial for clones displaying i2 ≥ i1 ( 74 . 5%; P = 0 . 001 ) compared with those with i2 < i1 ( 45 . 5% ) . 
Coimmunoprecipitation supports a more substantial i1-i2 complex formation when i2 exceeds i1 . 
We conclude that the relative abundance of regulatory i2 proteins has the potential to drastically alter the local drug metabolism in the cells , particularly when i2 surpasses the protein content of i1 . Identification and characterization of a novel flavin-containing spermine oxidase of mammalian cell origin . Binding between heparin and the integrin VLA-4 . Despite the discovery of ion channels that are activated by protons , we still know relatively little about the signaling of acid pain . 
We used a novel technique , iontophoresis of protons , to investigate acid-induced pain in human volunteers . 
We found that transdermal iontophoresis of protons consistently caused moderate pain that was dose-dependent . 
A marked desensitization occurred with persistent stimulation , with a time constant of approximately 3 min . 
Recovery from desensitization occurred slowly , over many hours . 
Acid-induced pain was significantly augmented in skin sensitized by acute topical application of capsaicin . 
However , skin desensitized by repeated capsaicin application showed no significant reduction in acid-induced pain , suggesting that both capsaicin-sensitive and insensitive sensory neurons contribute to acid pain . 
Furthermore , topical application of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( NSAIDs ) significantly attenuated acid-evoked pain but did not affect the heat pain threshold , suggesting a specific interaction between NSAIDs and peripheral acid sensors . 
Subcutaneous injection of amiloride ( 1 mm ) also significantly inhibited the pain induced by iontophoresis of acid , suggesting an involvement of acid-sensing ion channel ( ASIC ) receptors . 
Conversely , iontophoresis of acid over a wide range of skin temperatures from 4 to 40 degrees C produced only minor changes in the induced pain . 
Together these data suggest a prominent role for ASIC channels and only a minor role for transient receptor potential vanilloid receptor-1 as mediators of cutaneous acid-induced pain . The miserable targeting performance of nanocarriers for cancer therapy arises largely from the rapid clearance from blood circulation and the major accumulation in the organs of the reticuloendothelial system ( RES ) , leading to inefficient enhanced permeability and retention ( EPR ) effect after intravenous injection ( i . 
v . 
) . 
Herein , we reported an efficient method to prolong the blood circulation of nanoparticles and decrease their deposition in liver and spleen . 
In this work , we fabricated a series of mixed shell micelles ( MSMs ) with approximately the same size , charge and core composition but with varied hydrophilic / hydrophobic ratios in the shell through spontaneously self-assembly of block copolymers poly ( ethylene glycol ) -block-poly ( l-lysine ) ( PEG-b-PLys ) and poly ( N-isopropylacrylamide ) -block-poly ( aspartic acid ) ( PNIPAM-b-PAsp ) in aqueous medium . 
The effect of the surface heterogeneity on the in vivo biodistribution was systematically investigated through in vivo tracking of the ( 125 ) I-labeled MSMs determined by Gamma counter . 
Compared with single PEGylated micelles , some MSMs were proved to be significantly efficient with more than 3 times lower accumulation in liver and spleen and about 6 times higher concentration in blood at 1 h after i . 
v . 
. 
The results provide us a novel strategy for future development of long-circulating nanocarriers for efficient cancer therapy . Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids ( PUFAs ) are known to alleviate joint stiffness and pain in rheumatoid arthritis patients . 
However , the mechanisms by which omega-3s exert their beneficial effects has not been fully explored . 
Herein we discuss a novel class of bioactive lipid mediators , which are enzymatically biosynthesized in vivo from omega-3 eicosapentaenoic acid ( EPA ) and docosahexaenoic acid ( DHA ) , termed resolvins . 
These lipid mediators exert anti-inflammatory and pro-resolving properties and are log-orders more potent than their precursors . 
We also highlight that formation of pro-resolving mediators can be enhanced by widely used anti-inflammatory and cardioprotective drugs ( aspirin and statins ) via the modification of cyclooxygenase-2 enzymatic activity . 
These bioactive pro-resolving lipid mediators provide further rationale for the beneficial effects of dietary supplementation with fish oils , and offer new avenues for developing therapeutics for inflammatory conditions such as rheumatoid arthritis . Sulfide induces apoptosis and Rho kinase-dependent cell blebbing in Jurkat cells . The contrasting activity of iodido versus chlorido ruthenium and osmium arene azo- and imino-pyridine anticancer complexes : control of cell selectivity , cross-resistance , p53 dependence , and apoptosis pathway . Suppression of Delta ( 5 ) -androstenediol-induced androgen receptor transactivation by selective steroids in human prostate cancer cells . The present study was to evaluate the cholesterol-lowering effect of two novel plant stanol derivatives and its potential molecular mechanism in hyper-cholesterol mice induced by a high-cholesterol diet . 
Results showed that oral administration of plant stanyl hemisuccinate ( 2× , 5× ) and plant stanyl sorbitol succinate ( 2× , 5× ) effectively attenuated the serum total cholesterol and low density lipoprotein cholesterol levels , while had no effect on the serum triacylglycerol and high density lipoprotein cholesterol . 
And plant stanol derivatives decreased liver cholesterol concentration and increased faecal cholesterol output . 
Meanwhile , both plant stanyl hemisuccinate and plant stanyl sorbitol succinate could remarkably promote liver X receptor alpha ( LXRα ) expression , and increased cholesterol 7α-hydroxylase ( CYP7A1 ) expression and faecal total bile acid output to varying degrees . 
These results suggested two novel plant stanol derivatives possessed hypocholesterolemic effect , and the cholesterol-lowering action of plant stanol derivatives may be through activating the potential LXRα-CYP7A1-bile acid excretion pathway . Chromosomal localization , gene structure , and expression pattern of DDAH1 : comparison with DDAH2 and implications for evolutionary origins . Di-2-ethyl hexyl phthalate ( DEHP ) , an industrial plasticizer and a ubiquitous environmental contaminant , is an established endocrine disruptor ( ED ) . 
Increasing evidences indicate that some EDs interfere with osteoblast differentiation and function . 
In the present study , we investigated the effects of DEHP on the expression of cell cycle proteins , differentiation markers , Runx2 and its co-activator TAZ in osteoblasts derived from neonatal rat calvaria . 
A significant decrease in protein levels of cyclin D1 and CDK-2 was found at high dosage of DEHP ( 100 μM ) after 24h treatment . 
DEHP treatment caused a significant decrease in ALP mRNA . 
While DEHP treatment significantly decreased the TAZ at mRNA and protein levels , it decreased only the Runx2protein levels . 
Histochemical localization of ALP , collagen and mineralized nodules studied from cells treated with DEHP ( 10 and 100 μM ) for 21 days revealed a drastic decrease in collagen , ALP and mineralization . 
In conclusion , DEHP affected differentiation of neonatal rat calvarial osteoblasts and mineralization of matrix secreted by these cells . Vitamin K3 ( 2-methyl-1 , 4-naphthoquinone ) , also known as menadione , is the synthetic precursor of all the naturally occurring vitamin K in the body . 
Vitamin K is necessary for the production of prothrombin and five other blood-clotting factors in humans . 
We have examined the effects of menadione on cellular microtubules ex vivo as well as its binding with purified tubulin and microtubules in vitro . 
Cell viability experiments using human cervical epithelial cancer cells ( HeLa ) and human oral epithelial cancer cells ( KB ) indicated that the IC ( 50 ) values for menadione are 25 . 6 + / - 0 . 6 and 64 . 3 + / - 0 . 36 microM , respectively , in those cells . 
Mendione arrests HeLa cells in mitosis . 
Immunofluorescence studies using an anti-alpha-tubulin antibody showed a significant irreversible depolymeriztion of the interphase microtubule network and spindle microtubule in a dose-dependent manner . 
In vitro polymerization of purified tubulin into microtubules is inhibited by menadione with an IC ( 50 ) value of 47 + / - 0 . 65 microM . 
The binding of menadione with tubulin was studied using menadione fluorescence and intrinsic tryptophan fluorescence of tubulin . 
Binding of menadione to tubulin is slow , taking 35 min for equilibration at 25 degrees C . 
The association reaction kinetics is biphasic in nature , and the association rate constants for fast and slow phases are 189 . 12 + / - 17 and 32 . 44 + / - 21 M ( -1 ) s ( -1 ) at 25 degrees C , respectively . 
The stoichiometry of menadione binding to tubulin is 1 : 1 ( molar ratio ) with a dissociation constant from 2 . 44 + / - 0 . 34 to 3 . 65 + / - 0 . 25 microM at 25 degrees C . 
Menadione competes for the colchicine binding site with a K ( i ) of 2 . 5 muM as determined from a modified Dixon plot . 
The obtained data suggested that menadione binds at the colchicine binding site to tubulin . 
Thus , we can conclude one novel mechanism of inhibition of cancer cell proliferation by menadione is through tubulin binding . MicroRNAs ( miRs ) play important roles in initiation and progression of many pathologic processes . 
However , the roles of miRs in diabetic nephropathy remain unclear . 
This study was to determine whether miR-21 was involved in diabetic nephropathy and to explore the relationship between miR-21 and MMP9 / TIMP1 expression in diabetic nephropathy . 
In situ hybridization studies showed that miR-21 was primarily localized and distributed in cortical glomerular and renal tubular cells in diabetic kk-ay kidney . 
Real-time quantitative RT-PCR demonstrated that the expression of miR-21 was significantly increased in kk-ay mice , compared with control C57BL mice . 
Interestingly , miR-21 expression positively correlated with urine albumin creatine ratio ( ACR ) , TIMP1 , collagen IV ( ColIV ) , and fibronectin ( FN ) ; while negatively correlated with creatine clearance ratio ( Ccr ) and MMP-9 protein . 
Importantly , antagomir-21 not only ameliorated Ccr and ACR but also decreased TIMP1 , ColIV , and FN proteins . 
In conclusion , our data demonstrate that miR-21 contributes to renal fibrosis by mediating MMP9 / TIMP1 and that inhibition of miR-21 may be a novel target for diabetic nephropathy . Studies assessing the impact of epilepsy and its medication on the risk of road traffic crashes have shown inconsistent results . 
The aim in this study was to assess this risk using French databases . 
Data from three French national databases were extracted and matched : the national health care insurance database , police reports , and the national police database of injurious crashes . 
Only antiepileptics prescribed predominantly in epilepsy were studied ( phenobarbital , phenytoin , ethosuximide , valproic acid , vigabatrin , tiagabin , levitiracetam , zonisamide , and lacosamide ) . 
A case-control analysis comparing responsible and non-responsible drivers and a case-crossover analysis were performed . 
Drivers ( 72 685 ) involved in an injurious crash in France between July 2005 and May 2008 , were included . 
Drivers exposed to prescribed antiepileptic medicines ( n = 251 ) had an increased risk of being responsible for a crash ( OR 1 . 74 [ 1 . 29-2 . 34 ] ) . 
The association was also significant for the most severe epileptic patients ( n = 99; OR = 2 . 20 [ 1 . 31-3 . 69 ] ) . 
Case-crossover analysis found no association between crash risk and treatment prescription . 
Patients with prescription of antiepileptic drugs should be cautioned about their potential risk of road traffic crash . 
This risk is however more likely to be related to seizures than to the effect of antiepileptic medicines . Synthesis of thrombin-inhibiting heparin mimetics without side effects . Prucalopride is a novel enterokinetic compound and is the first representative of the benzofuran class . 
We set out to establish its pharmacological profile in various receptor binding and organ bath experiments . 
Receptor binding data have demonstrated prucalopride's high affinity to both investigated 5-HT ( 4 ) receptor isoforms , with mean pK ( i ) estimates of 8 . 60 and 8 . 10 for the human 5-HT ( 4a ) and 5-HT ( 4b ) receptor , respectively . 
From the 50 other binding assays investigated in this study only the human D ( 4 ) receptor ( pK ( i ) 5 . 63 ) , the mouse 5-HT ( 3 ) receptor ( pK ( i ) 5 . 41 ) and the human sigma ( 1 ) ( pK ( i ) 5 . 43 ) have shown measurable affinity , resulting in at least 290-fold selectivity for the 5-HT ( 4 ) receptor . 
Classical organ bath experiments were done using isolated tissues from the rat , guinea-pig and dog gastrointestinal tract , using various protocols . 
Prucalopride was a 5-HT ( 4 ) receptor agonist in the guinea-pig colon , as it induced contractions ( pEC ( 50 ) = 7 . 48 + / -0 . 06; insensitive to a 5-HT ( 2A ) or 5-HT ( 3 ) receptor antagonist , but inhibited by a 5-HT ( 4 ) receptor antagonist ) as well as the facilitation of electrical stimulation-induced noncholinergic contractions ( blocked by a 5-HT ( 4 ) receptor antagonist ) . 
Furthermore , it caused relaxation of a rat oesophagus preparation ( pEC ( 50 ) = 7 . 81 + / -0 . 17 ) , in a 5-HT ( 4 ) receptor antagonist sensitive manner . 
Prucalopride did not cause relevant inhibition of 5-HT ( 2A ) , 5-HT ( 2B ) , or 5-HT ( 3 ) , motilin or cholecystokinin ( CCK ( 1 ) ) receptor-mediated contractions , nor nicotinic or muscarinic acetylcholine receptor-mediated contractions , up to 10 microM . 
It is concluded that prucalopride is a potent , selective and specific 5-HT ( 4 ) receptor agonist . 
As it is intended for treatment of intestinal motility disorders , it is important to note that prucalopride is devoid of anti-cholinergic , anticholinesterase or nonspecific inhibitory activity and does not antagonise 5-HT ( 2A ) , 5-HT ( 2B ) and 5-HT ( 3 ) receptors or motilin or CCK ( 1 ) receptors . Curcuma comosa Roxb . 
is ginger-family plant used to relieve menopausal symptoms . 
Previous work showed that C . 
comosa extracts protect mice from ovariectomy-induced osteopenia with minimal effects on reproductive organs , and identified the diarylheptanoid ( 3R ) -1 , 7-diphenyl- ( 4E , 6E ) -4 , 6-heptadien-3-ol ( DPHD ) as the major active component of C . 
comosa rhizomes . 
At 1-10μM , DPHD increased differentiation in transformed mouse osteoblasts , but the effect of DPHD on normal bone cells was unknown . 
We examined the concentration dependency and mechanism of action of DPHD relative to 17β-estradiol in nontransformed human osteoblasts ( h-OB ) . 
The h-OB were 10-100 fold more sensitive to DPHD than transformed osteoblasts : DPHD increased h-OB proliferation at 10nM and , at 100nM , activated MAP kinase signaling within 30min . 
In long-term differentiation assays , responses of h-OB to DPHD were significant at 10nM , and optimal response in most cases was at 100nM . 
At 7-21 days , DPHD accelerated osteoblast differentiation , indicated by alkaline phosphatase activity and osteoblast-specific mRNA production . 
Effects of DPHD were eliminated by the estrogen receptor antagonist ICI182780 . 
During differentiation , DPHD promoted early expression of osteoblast transcription factors , RUNX2 and osterix . 
Subsequently , DPHD accelerated production of bone structural genes , including COL1A1 and osteocalcin comparably to 17β-estradiol . 
In h-OB , DPHD increased the osteoprotegerin to RANKL ratio and supported mineralization more efficiently than 10nM 17β-estradiol . 
We conclude that DPHD promotes human osteoblast function in vitro effectively at nanomolar concentrations , making it a promising compound to protect bone in menopausal women . Amine oxidase activity , previously described in homogenates of brown adipose tissue of the rat , has now been investigated in preparations of isolated fat cells . 
It was found that the specific activities of both monoamine oxidase A ( MAO ) and of the semicarbazide-sensitive clorgyline-resistant amine oxidase ( SSAO ) were higher in isolated fat cells than in the original whole tissue . 
Brown adipocytes therefore represent a major source of both these enzymes . 
In plasma membranes prepared from these isolated brown fat cells by borate extraction there was a similar enrichment of activity of SSAO and of the plasma membrane marker enzyme , phosphodiesterase I . 
However in preparations of cell membranes made by binding the cells to polycation-coated beads , enrichment of phosphodiesterase I activity was much greater than that of SSAO . 
It is suggested that the disposition of the enzyme within the cell membrane may account for the discrepancy in these results , i . 
e . 
the sidedness of the membrane may be important . 
Histochemical visualization of enzyme activity in whole tissue at the ultrastructural level was undertaken . 
Positive staining of mitochondria was achieved in the presence of the MAO substrate , tryptamine . 
Staining around the edges of the brown fat cells was observed with the SSAO substrates , tyramine and benzylamine . 
Staining was largely absent when substrate was omitted or after pretreatment with the irreversible SSAO inhibitor , hydralazine and the slowly reversible inhibitor , semicarbazide . 
It is not definitely proven that this staining represents sites of enzyme activity but the results are consistent with evidence from other studies indicating that SSAO in brown adipose tissue of the rat may be found predominantly at the fat cell surface . 
( ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS ) Fluorescence lifetime analysis and effect of magnesium ions on binding of NADH to human aldehyde dehydrogenase 1 . In this study , epididymal adipose tissue from male annexin 1 ( ANXA1 ) -null and wild-type control mice were used to explore the potential role of ANXA1 in adipocyte biology . 
ANXA1 was detected by Western blot analysis in wild-type tissue and localized predominantly to the stromal-vascular compartment . 
Epididymal fat pad mass was reduced by ANXA1 gene deletion , but adipocyte size was unchanged , suggesting that ANXA1 is required for the maintenance of adipocyte and / or preadipocyte cell number . 
Epididymal tissue from wild-type mice responded in vitro to noradrenaline and isoprenaline with increased glycerol release , reduced IL-6 release , and increased cAMP accumulation . 
Qualitatively similar but significantly attenuated responses to the catecholamines were observed in tissue from ANXA1-null mice , an effect that was not associated with changes in beta-adrenoceptor mRNA expression . 
Lipopolysaccharide ( LPS ) also stimulated lipolysis in vitro , but its effects were muted by ANXA1 gene deletion . 
By contrast , LPS failed to influence IL-6 release from wild-type tissue but stimulated the release of the cytokine from tissue from ANXA1-null mice . 
ANXA1 gene deletion did not affect glucocorticoid receptor expression or the ability of dexamethasone to suppress catecholamine-induced lipolysis . 
It did , however , augment IL-6 expression and modify the inhibitory effects of glucocorticoids on IL-6 release . 
Collectively , these studies suggest that ANXA1 supports aspects of adipose tissue mass and alters the sensitivity of epididymal adipose tissue to catecholamines , glucocorticoids , and LPS , thereby modulating lipolysis and IL-6 release . Regulation of gene expression by activation of the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma with rosiglitazone ( BRL 49653 ) in human adipocytes . Nuclear factor-κB ( NF-κB ) is a transcription factor that mediates the inducible expression of a variety of genes involved in immune and inflammatory responses . 
NF-κB activation induces numerous proinflammatory gene products including cytokines , cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) , and inducible nitric oxide synthase ( iNOS ) . 
The divalent heavy metal mercury has been used for thousands of years . 
Although mercury is clearly toxic to most mammalian organ systems , especially the immune system , exposure has still increased in some areas of the world . 
However , the underlying toxic mechanism is not clearly identified . 
Here , we report biochemical evidence that mercury alone induces NF-κB activation , resulting in the induced expression of COX-2 and iNOS . 
The results suggest that mercury can induce inflammatory diseases by lowering host defense . Cultures of dissociated cerebellum from 7-day-old mice were used to investigate the mechanism involved in synthesis and cellular redistribution of GABA in these cultures consisting primarily of glutamatergic granule neurons and a smaller population of GABAergic Golgi and stellate neurons . 
The distribution of GAD , GABA and the vesicular glutamate transporter VGlut-1 was assessed using specific antibodies combined with immunofluorescence microscopy . 
Additionally , tiagabine , SKF 89976-A , betaine , beta-alanine , nipecotic acid and guvacine were used to inhibit the GAT1 , betaine / GABA ( BGT1 ) , GAT2 and GAT3 transporters . 
Only a small population of cells were immuno-stained for GAD while many cells exhibited VGlut-1 like immuno-reactivity which , however , never co-localized with GAD positive neurons . 
This likely reflects the small number of GABAergic neurons compared to the glutamatergic granule neurons constituting the majority of the cells . 
GABA uptake exhibited the kinetics of high affinity transport and could be partly ( 20% ) inhibited by betaine ( IC ( 50 ) 142 microM ) , beta-alanine ( 30% ) and almost fully ( 90% ) inhibited by SKF 89976-A ( IC ( 50 ) 0 . 8 microM ) or nipecotic acid and guvacine at 1 mM concentrations ( 95% ) . 
Essentially all neurons showed GABA like immunostaining albeit with differences in intensity . 
The results indicate that GABA which is synthesized in a small population of GAD-positive neurons is redistributed to essentially all neurons including the glutamatergic granule cells . 
GAT1 is not likely involved in this redistribution since addition of 15 microM tiagabine ( GAT1 inhibitor ) to the culture medium had no effect on the overall GABA content of the cells . 
Likewise the BGT1 transporter cannot alone account for the redistribution since inclusion of 3 mM betaine in the culture medium had no effect on the overall GABA content . 
The inhibitory action of beta-alanine and high concentrations of nipecotic acid and guvacine on GABA transport strongly suggests that also GAT2 or GAT3 ( HUGO nomenclature ) could play a role . Nuclear receptor CAR specifically activates the two-pore K + channel Kcnk1 gene in male mouse livers , which attenuates phenobarbital-induced hepatic hyperplasia . Despite decades of research , the mechanism by which coenzyme B12 ( adenosylcobalamin , AdoCbl ) -dependent enzymes promote homolytic cleavage of the cofactor's Co-C bond to initiate catalysis has continued to elude researchers . 
In this work , we utilized magnetic circular dichroism spectroscopy to explore how the electronic structure of the reduced B12 cofactor ( i . 
e . 
, the post-homolysis product Co2 + Cbl ) is modulated by the enzyme methylmalonyl-CoA mutase . 
Our data reveal a fairly uniform stabilization of the Co 3d orbitals relative to the corrin pi / pi*-based molecular orbitals when Co2 + Cbl is bound to the enzyme active site , particularly in the presence of substrate . 
Contrastingly , our previous studies ( Brooks , A . 
J . 
; Vlasie , M . 
; Banerjee , R . 
; Brunold , T . 
C . 
J . 
Am . 
Chem . 
Soc . 
2004 , 126 , 8167-8180 . 
) showed that when AdoCbl is bound to the MMCM active site , no enzymatic perturbation of the Co3 + Cbl electronic structure occurs , even in the presence of substrate ( analogues ) . 
Collectively , these observations provide direct evidence that enzymatic Co-C bond activation involves stabilization of the post-homolysis product , Co2 + Cbl , rather than destabilization of the Co3 + Cbl "ground" state . The intrinsic sympathomimetic activity ( ISA ) of a beta-adrenoceptor blocker can be mediated by beta ( 1 ) - or beta ( 2 ) -adrenoceptors . 
The aim of this study was to characterize the ISA of the beta-adrenoceptor blocker carteolol in healthy volunteers . 
Two approaches were employed . 
First , we assessed the effects of carteolol ( 20 , 40 or 80 mg p . 
o . 
) on blood pressure , heart rate and heart-rate corrected duration of electromechanical systole ( QS ( 2 ) c , a measure of cardiac contractility ) in the volunteers . 
Carteolol dose-dependently increased systolic blood pressure , heart rate and contractility and decreased diastolic blood pressure . 
The beta ( 1 ) -adrenoceptor blocker bisoprolol did not attenuate these carteolol effects , but rather enhanced the effects on heart rate and systolic blood pressure . 
Second , we treated volunteers for 7 days with 1 x 20 mg / day carteolol and assessed lymphocyte beta ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor density ( by ( - ) - [ ( 125 ) I ] -iodocyanopindolol binding ) and functional responsiveness ( by 10 muM isoprenaline-induced increase in lymphocyte cyclic AMP content ) . 
Carteolol significantly reduced lymphocyte beta ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor density and function . 
After withdrawal of carteolol lymphocyte beta ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor density and function recovered only very slowly and had not returned to control levels 11 days after carteolol withdrawal . 
In conclusion , the fact that , on the one hand , the cardiovascular effects of carteolol were not attenuated by the beta ( 1 ) -adrenoceptor blocker bisoprolol and , on the other , carteolol significantly decreased lymphocyte beta ( 2 ) -adrenoceptor density and function is in favour of the idea that the ISA of carteolol is mediated by beta ( 2 ) -adrenoceptors . 
Involvement of an additional receptor site ( e . 
g . 
the propranolol-resistant state of the beta ( 1 ) -adrenoceptor ) , however , cannot be excluded . Tricyclic antidepressant pharmacology and therapeutic drug interactions updated . OBJECTIVE : To analyse fenoterol-induced tachycardia and hypokalaemia , the most important and most frequent adverse effects of tocolytic therapy with beta 2-adrenoceptor agonists in females of childbearing age . 
METHODS : The study was performed as a double blind , randomised , placebo controlled , cross over trial . 
Seven healthy women aged 22-38 y , received intravenous infusions of fenoterol at 3 different rates within the therapeutic range for tocolysis ( 0 . 5 , 1 . 0 , and 2 . 0 micrograms . 
min-1 ) and placebo . 
The time courses of the plasma concentrations of fenoterol and potassium , and the heart rate were analysed with mixed effects pharmacokinetic-pharmacodynamic ( PKPD ) modeling using NONMEM . 
RESULTS : The plasma concentration-time course followed a linear two compartment model . 
Fenoterol-induced tachycardia was described by a linear concentration-effect model with baseline . 
The estimated baseline and slope parameters were 78 beats . 
min-1 and 0 . 032 beats . 
min-1 . 
microgram-1 . 1 , respectively . 
Fenoterol-induced hypokalaemia could be described by a physiological indirect response model including feedback; the Estimated basal plasma potassium concentration was 3 . 93 mmol . 1-1 and the slope factor for the fenoterol-induced relative increase in the efflux of potassium from the extracellular space was 6 . 22*10 ( -4 ) ng . 1 ( -1 ) . 
CONCLUSION : The estimated population parameters permitted calculation of the expected time course of tachycardia and hypokalaemia in women after the initiation of tocolysis with fenoterol over the clinically relevant concentration range , and prediction of its variability . 
Based on simulation , our model predicted that a continuous infusion of 2 . 0 micrograms . 
min-1 ( highest rate examined ) would increase heart rate to 113 beats . 
min-1 at steady state and lower the plasma potassium concentration to 2 . 77 mmol . 1 ( -1 ) 1 . 5 h after beginning the infusion . 
Thereafter , the plasma potassium concentration would slowly return to normal . Intrauterine environments are linked to fetal renal development and postnatal health . 
Influence of salt diets during pregnancy on renal functions and renin-angiotensin system ( RAS ) were determined in the ovine fetus and offspring . 
Pregnant ewes were fed high-salt diet ( HSD ) or normal-salt diet ( NSD ) for two months during middle-later gestation . 
Fetal renal functions , plasma hormones , mRNA and protein expressions of the key elements of renal RAS were measured in the fetus and offspring . 
Fetal renal excretion of sodium was increased while urine volume decreased in HSD group . 
Fetal blood urea nitrogen was increased , while kidney / body weight ratio decreased in HSD group . 
The altered ratio also was observed in the offspring at 15-day-old and 90-day-old . 
Maternal and fetal plasma antidiuretic hormone was elevated without change in plasma renin activity and Ang I levels , while plasma Ang II was decreased . 
The key elements of local renal RAS , including angiotensinogen , ACE , ACE2 , AT1 and AT2 receptor expression in both mRNA and protein , except renin , were altered following maternal high salt intake . 
The results suggest that High intake of salt during pregnancy affected fetal renal development associated with an altered expression of the renal key elements of RAS , some alterations of fetal origins remained after birth as possible risks in developing renal or cardiovascular diseases . Peptidyl-prolyl cis / trans-isomerase A1 ( Pin1 ) is a target for modification by lipid electrophiles . Carbon nanotubes ( CNTs ) are receiving considerable attention in site-specific drug and nucleic acid delivery , photodynamic therapy , and photoacoustic molecular imaging . 
Despite these advances , nanotubes may activate the complement system ( an integral part of innate immunity ) , which can induce clinically significant anaphylaxis . 
We demonstrate that single-walled CNTs coated with human serum albumin activate the complement system through C1q-mediated classical and the alternative pathways . 
Surface coating with methoxypoly ( ethylene glycol ) -based amphiphiles , which confers solubility and prolongs circulation profiles of CNTs , activates the complement system differently , depending on the amphiphile structure . 
CNTs with linear poly ( ethylene glycol ) amphiphiles trigger the lectin pathway of the complement through both L-ficolin and mannan-binding lectin recognition . 
The lectin pathway activation , however , did not trigger the amplification loop of the alternative pathway . 
An amphiphile with branched poly ( ethylene glycol ) architecture also activated the lectin pathway but only through L-ficolin recognition . 
Importantly , this mode of activation neither generated anaphylatoxins nor induced triggering of the effector arm of the complement system . 
These observations provide a major step toward nanomaterial surface modification with polymers that have the properties to significantly improve innate immunocompatibility by limiting the formation of complement C3 and C5 convertases . Oxidative modification of neurofilament-L and neuronal cell death induced by the catechol neurotoxin , tetrahydropapaveroline . Human prohormone convertase 3 gene : exon-intron organization and molecular scanning for mutations in Japanese subjects with NIDDM . The role of adenosine A3 receptors and their distribution in the gastrointestinal tract have been widely investigated . 
Most of the reports discuss their role in intestinal inflammations . 
However , the role of adenosine A3 receptor agonist in pancreatitis has not been well established . 
The aim of this study is ( Ed note : Purpose statements should be in present tense ) to evaluate the effects of the adenosine A3 receptor agonist on the course of sodium taurocholate-induced experimental acute pancreatitis ( EAP ) . 
The experiments were performed on 80 male Wistar rats , 58 of which survived , subdivided into 3 groups : C-control rats , I-EAP group , and II-EAP group treated with the adenosine A3 receptor agonist IB-MECA ( 1-deoxy-1-6 [ [ ( 3-iodophenyl ) methyl ] amino ] -9H-purin-9-yl ) -N-methyl-B-D-ribofuronamide at a dose of 0 . 75 mg / kg b . 
w . 
i . 
p . 
at 48 , 24 , 12 and 1 h before and 1 h after the injection of 5 % sodium taurocholate solution into the biliary-pancreatic duct . 
Serum for α-amylase and lipase determinations and tissue samples for morphological examinations were collected at 2 , 6 , and 24 h of the experiment . 
In the IB-MECA group , α-amylase activity was decreased with statistically high significance compared to group I . 
The activity of lipase was not significantly different among the experimental groups but higher than in the control group . 
The administration of IB-MECA attenuated the histological parameters of inflammation as compared to untreated animals . 
The use of A3 receptor agonist IB-MECA attenuates EAP . 
Our findings suggest that stimulation of adenosine A3 receptors plays a positive role in the sodium taurocholate-induced EAP in rats . HERG and KvLQT1 / IsK , the cardiac K + channels involved in long QT syndromes , are targets for calcium channel blockers . PURPOSE : The purpose of this study was to determine whether budesonide inhibits expression of vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) in a retinal pigment epithelial cell line ( ARPE-19 ) and to determine whether subconjunctivally administered budesonide nano- and microparticles sustain retinal drug levels . 
METHODS : The effect of budesonide ( 100 pM to 10 microM ) on VEGF secretion , expression of VEGF mRNA , and cytotoxicity were determined in ARPE-19 cells by ELISA , RT-PCR , and a cell-viability assay , respectively . 
To determine the involvement of glucocorticoid receptor in the observed effects of budesonide , secretion and mRNA expression studies were also performed in the presence of a glucocorticoid receptor antagonist ( RU486 ) . 
DL-Polylactide ( PLA ) nano- and microparticles containing budesonide were prepared by a solvent evaporation technique , and the particles were characterized for size , morphology , encapsulation efficiency , and in vitro release . 
Budesonide-PLA nano- and microparticles were administered subconjunctivally to one eye of Sprague-Dawley rats and drug levels in the retina , vitreous , lens , and cornea of both eyes were determined at the end of 1 , 7 , and 14 days . 
RESULTS : At concentrations devoid of cytotoxicity , budesonide inhibited VEGF secretion as well as mRNA expression in ARPE-19 cells in a dose-dependent manner . 
RU486 treatment prevented budesonide-mediated inhibition of VEGF secretion and VEGF mRNA expression . 
Budesonide-PLA nano- ( 345 nm ) and microparticles ( 3 . 6 microm ) , with an encapsulation efficiency of 65% and 99% , respectively , sustained budesonide release in vitro . 
After subconjunctival administration , both budesonide-PLA nano- and microparticles produced sustained budesonide levels in the retina and other ocular tissues . 
CONCLUSIONS : Budesonide is capable of inhibiting VEGF expression through glucocorticoid receptor activity . 
Subconjunctivally administered budesonide-PLA nano- and microparticles sustain retinal drug delivery . Theoretical study of the decomposition of ethyl and ethyl 3-phenyl glycidate . Tamsulosin : assessment of affinityof ( 3 ) H-P razosin binding to two alpha-1- adrenoceptor subtypes in the canine aorta . Apocynin and raisanberine alleviate intermittent hypoxia induced abnormal StAR and 3β-HSD and low testosterone by suppressing endoplasmic reticulum stress and activated p66Shc in rat testes . BACKGROUND : L-arginine ( L-arg ) participates in numerous biological functions including urea and nitric oxide synthesis . 
Sources of L-arg include dietary proteins and endogenous synthesis by argininosuccinate synthetase and argininosuccinate lyase . 
L-arg is converted to urea by arginase I in the liver and arginase II in the kidney . 
Normally , the liver fully consumes L-arg for urea generation and does not contribute to its circulating pool . 
Instead , much of the circulating L-arg is produced by the kidney . 
If true , plasma L-arg should be severely reduced in chronic renal failure ( CRF ) ; however , plasma L-arg is frequently unchanged in CRF . 
We hypothesized that preservation of plasma L-arg in CRF may be , partly , due to downregulation / inhibition of arginase . 
METHODS : Argininosuccinate synthetase , arginase I and II protein abundance and activity were measured in the liver and kidneys of rats 6 weeks after 5 / 6 nephrectomy or sham operation . 
In addition , arginase activity was measured in the presence of different urea concentrations to simulate azotemia in vitro . 
RESULTS : Arginases I and II protein abundance as well as arginase activity in the liver , measured in the physiological buffer , were similar among the CRF and control groups . 
However , in vitro experiments simulating a uremic milieu revealed a marked concentration-dependent inhibition of arginase activity by urea in the tissue lysates . 
CRF had no significant effect on argininosuccinate synthetase abundance in the kidney , liver , spleen or intestine . 
CONCLUSIONS : Although CRF does not change the abundance or intrinsic properties of arginase , the inherent rise in urea concentration inhibits its enzymatic activity . 
The latter , in turn , attenuates L-arg catabolism and urea production and , thereby , mitigates the fall in plasma L-arg . We have synthesized a β-cyclodextrin ( βCD ) -capped histone deacetylase ( HDAC ) inhibitor 3 containing an alkyl linker and a zinc-binding hydroxamic acid motif . 
Biological evaluation ( HDAC inhibition studies ) of 3 enabled us to establish the effect of replacing an aryl cap ( in SAHA ( vorinostat , ) ) 1 by a large saccharidic scaffold "cap" . 
HDAC inhibition was observed for 3 , to a lesser extent than SAHA , and rationalized by molecular docking into the active site of HDAC8 . 
However , compound 3 displayed no cellular activity . Four popular ephedra-free dietary supplements were evaluated for their effects on heart rate ( HR ) , blood pressure ( BP ) , and electrocardiographic ( ECG ) parameters . 
Twelve healthy men participated in a study randomized for product sequence , with a 21-day washout period between supplement-administration phases . 
Throughout the study , Holter monitors were used to assess ECG and HR activity . 
BP was assessed automatically on multiple occasions . 
The supplements were ingested three times daily for 3 days . 
Caffeine content , microbial load , and serum caffeine concentrations were determined . 
Mean systolic ( SBP ) and diastolic BP ( DBP ) readings showed significant increases relative to baseline ( 10 . 8 ± 2 . 5 and 5 . 3 ± 3 . 1 mm Hg , respectively; P < 0 . 05 ) . 
All supplements significantly increased HR and decreased bradycardia runs; abnormal atrial / ventricular events were frequently noted . 
Gastrointestinal and sympathomimetic symptoms were also common . 
Two supplements were heavily contaminated with Bacillus species . 
In light of these findings , the use of ephedra-free dietary supplements should be discouraged in individuals with hypertension , diabetes , or other cardiovascular diseases . High mobility group box 1 ( HMGB1 ) protein acts as a potent proinflammatory cytokine and is involved in the pathogenesis of several vascular diseases , such as , systemic vasculitis and sepsis . 
Emodin-6-O-β-D-glucoside ( EG ) is a new active compound from Reynoutria japonica , and its biologic activities have not been previously investigated . 
In this study , we first investigated the antiinflammatory activities of EG on HMGB1-mediated proinflammatory responses in human umbilical vein endothelial cells ( HUVECs ) and in a murine cecal ligation and puncture ( CLP ) -model of sepsis in mice . 
EG was found to suppress the release of HMGB1 , the production of tumor necrosis factor ( TNF ) -α , and the activation of nuclear factor-κB ( NF-κB ) by HMGB1 in HUVECs , and to inhibit HMGB1-mediated hyperpermeability and leukocyte migration in mice . 
In the CLP model , HMGB1 was highly released , but this release was prevented by EG . 
Furthermore , EG also increased the survival times of CLP administered mice . 
Collectively , this study shows EG can protect barrier integrity and inhibit HMGB1-mediated inflammatory responses , which suggests a potential use as a therapy for sepsis or septic shock . Morphological Change and Mobility Enhancement in PEDOT : PSS by Adding Co-solvents . Ligand-selective inhibition of the interaction of steroid receptor coactivators and estrogen receptor isoforms . Cyclopentenone prostaglandins suppress activation of microglia : down-regulation of inducible nitric-oxide synthase by 15-deoxy-Delta12 , 14-prostaglandin J2 . NMDA receptors in postmortem human spinal cord were analyzed using [ 3H ] MK-801 ligand binding and immunoblotting with NMDA receptor subunit-specific antibodies . 
The average KD for [ 3H ] MK-801 binding was 1 . 77 nM with a Bmax of 0 . 103 pmol / mg . 
The EC50 for stimulation of -3H-MK-801 binding with L-glutamate was 0 . 34 microM . 
None of these parameters were affected by postmortem intervals up to 72 h . 
Immunoblotting of native NMDA receptors showed that NR1 , NR2A , NR2C , and NR2D subunits could all be found in the human spinal cord of which NR1 was preferentially located to the dorsal half . 
Immunoprecipitation of solubilized receptors revealed that NR1 , NR2C , and NR2D subunits coprecipitated with the NR2A subunit , indicating that native human spinal cord NMDA receptors are heteroligimeric receptors assembled by at least three different receptor subunits . 
These results provide a basis for the development of drugs selectively aimed at spinal cord NMDA receptors for the future treatment of spinal cord disorders . Trim24-repressed VL30 retrotransposons regulate gene expression by producing noncoding RNA . We have analyzed binding domains of the oxytocin receptor for barusiban , a highly selective oxytocin receptor antagonist , in comparison to the combined vasopressin V1A / oxytocin receptor antagonist atosiban and the agonists oxytocin and carbetocin . 
For this purpose , chimeric 'gain-in function' oxytocin / vasopressin V2 receptors were expressed in COS-7 cells . 
These recombinant receptors have been produced by transfer of domains from the oxytocin receptor into the related vasopressin V2 receptor and have already been successfully employed for the identification of ligand binding domains at the oxytocin receptor ( Postina , R . 
, Kojro , E . 
, Fahrenholz , F . 
, 1996 . 
Separate agonist and peptide antagonist binding sites of the oxytocin receptor defined by their transfer into the V2 vasopressin receptor . 
J . 
Biol . 
Chem . 
271 , 31593-31601 ) . 
In displacement studies with 10 chimeric receptor constructs , the binding profile of barusiban was compared with the binding profiles of the ligands oxytocin , [ Arg8 ] vasopressin , carbetocin , and atosiban . 
The binding profiles for the agonists oxytocin and carbetocin were found to be similar . 
For both agonists , important binding domains were the extracellular N-terminus ( = E1 ) and the extracellular loops E2 and E3 from the oxytocin receptor . 
For the vasopressin V1A / oxytocin receptor antagonist atosiban , none of the receptor constructs were able to provide a binding with higher affinity than the starting vasopressin V2 receptor . 
In contrast , the binding of barusiban was significantly improved when the transmembrane domains 1 and 2 were transferred from the oxytocin receptor to the vasopressin V2 receptor . 
The binding domain of barusiban differs from the binding domain of the agonists and the nonselective oxytocin receptor antagonist d ( CH2 ) 5 [ Tyr- ( Me ) 2 , Thr4 , Orn8 , Tyr9 ] vasotocin that has been used in previous studies . 
Overall , the data supported the concept of a central pocket site within the oxytocin receptor . Chemical informatics uncovers a new role for moexipril as a novel inhibitor of cAMP phosphodiesterase-4 ( PDE4 ) . Affinities of venlafaxine and various reuptake inhibitors for the serotonin and norepinephrine transporters . Ketamine-induced neuronal damage and altered N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor function in rat primary forebrain culture . Amino acids as co-amorphous stabilizers for poorly water soluble drugs - Part 1 : Preparation , stability and dissolution enhancement . Benign and malignant thyroid nodules are more prevalent in females than in men . 
Experimental data suggest that the proliferative effect of oestrogen rather than polymorphisms is responsible for this gender difference . 
This study analysed whether both differentiated thyroid cells and thyroid stem and progenitor cells are a target of oestrogen action . 
In thyroid stem / progenitor cells derived from nodular goitres the ability of 17beta-oestradiol to induce thyrosphere formation , the expression of oestrogen receptors and the effect of 17beta-oestradiol on growth , expression of marker of stem cells and thyroid differentiation ( TSH receptor , thyroperoxidase , thyroglobulin , sodium iodide symporter expression ) were analysed . 
17beta-oestradiol induced thyrosphere formation , albeit to lower extent than other growth factors . 
Thyroid stem and progenitor cells expressed oestrogen receptor alpha and beta with an 8 time higher expression level of oestrogen receptor alpha mRNA compared to differentiated thyrocytes . 
17beta-oestradiol was a potent stimulator of thyroid stem / progenitor cell growth . 
In contrast , TSH-induced differentiation of progenitor cells , in particular the expression of the sodium iodide symporter , was significantly inhibited by 17beta-oestradiol . 
In conclusion , oestrogen stimulated growth and simultaneously inhibited differentiation of thyroid nodules derived stem / progenitor cells . 
From these data and based on the concept of cellular heterogeneity , we hypothesize a supportive role of oestrogen in the propagation of thyroid stem / progenitor cells leading to a selection of a progeny of growth-prone cells with a decreased differentiation . 
These cells may be the origin of hypo- or non-functioning thyroid nodules in females . Bacterial artificial chromosome ( bacmid ) vectors are used to stably propagate large , complex fragments of cloned DNA and are a core technology for functional genomics . 
The simplest method of analyzing bacmid clones would involve a direct mutagenesis or allele exchange protocol utilizing positive and negative selectable markers . 
The utility of three different negative selectable markers to function in the context of a bacmid vector was therefore investigated : sacB from Bacillus subtilis , which confers sensitivity to sucrose; tetA from TN10 , which confers resistance to tetracycline , osmotic sensitivity , and sensitivity to kanamycin and streptomycin; and rpsL from Escherichia coli , which confers sensitivity to streptomycin . 
When expressed individually in the context of a bacmid vector , each of these markers confers a similar stringency of negative selection , with plating efficiencies on selective media of 2 . 3 x 10 ( -5 ) , 9 . 4 x 10 ( -4 ) , and 5 . 7 x 10 ( -5 ) , respectively . 
However coexpression of rpsL and tetA results in a synergistic enhancement of the osmotic , kanamycin , and streptomycin sensitivities , with a stringency of selection of approximately 50- to approximately 1000-fold over that obtained with rpsL or tetA alone and approximately 20-fold more than that obtained using sacB . 
The combination of rpsL and tetA thus serves as the most efficient positive and negative selectable marker system described to date . Molecular mechanisms of fibrosis-associated promotion of liver carcinogenesis . The synthesis of indeno [ 2 , 1-e ] pyrazolo [ 3 , 4-b ] pyrazin-5-one was achieved by intramolecular Friedel-Crafts reaction of the acid chloride 3-methyl-1 , 6-diphenyl-1H-pyrazolo [ 3 , 4-b ] pyrazine-5-carboxylic acid chloride ( 4 ) using AlCl3 in boiling CS2 . 
Compound 4 proved to be a versatile compound for the synthesis of several Indenopyrazolopyrazinone derivatives . 
The antibacterial and antifungal activities of selected derivatives were evaluated . Recent developments in the synthesis of acetylcholinesterase inhibitors . Metformin , a drug widely used in the treatment of type 2 diabetes , has recently been shown to act on skeletal muscle and liver in part through the activation of AMP-activated protein kinase ( AMPK ) . 
Whether metformin or the satiety factor leptin , which also stimulates AMPK in muscle , regulates this enzyme in pancreatic islets is unknown . 
We have recently shown that forced increases in AMPK activity inhibit insulin secretion from MIN6 cells ( da Silva Xavier G , Leclerc I , Varadi A , Tsuboi T , Moule SK , and Rutter GA . 
Biochem J 371 : 761-774 , 2003 ) . 
Here , we explore whether 1 ) glucose , metformin , or leptin regulates AMPK activity in isolated islets from rodent and human and 2 ) whether changes in AMPK activity modulate insulin secretion from human islets . 
Increases in glucose concentration from 0 to 3 and from 3 to 17 mM inhibited AMPK activity in primary islets from mouse , rat , and human , confirming previous findings in insulinoma cells . 
Incubation with metformin ( 0 . 2-1 mM ) activated AMPK in both human islets and MIN6 beta-cells in parallel with an inhibition of insulin secretion , whereas leptin ( 10-100 nM ) was without effect in MIN6 cells . 
These studies demonstrate that AMPK activity is subject to regulation by both glucose and metformin in pancreatic islets and clonal beta-cells . 
The inhibitory effects of metformin on insulin secretion may therefore need to be considered with respect to the use of this drug for the treatment of type 2 diabetes . 4-Hydroxynonenal ( 4-HNE ) is a mutagenic alpha , beta-unsaturated aldehyde produced during oxidative injury that is conjugated by several glutathione S-transferase ( GST ) isoforms . 
The alpha class human GSTA4-4 enzyme ( hGSTA4-4 ) has a particularly high catalytic efficiency toward 4-HNE conjugation . 
However , hGST4-4 expression is low in most human cells and there are other aldehyde metabolizing enzymes that detoxify 4-HNE . 
In the current study , we determined the effect of over-expression of hGSTA4 mRNA on the sensitivity of HepG2 cells to 4-HNE injury . 
HepG2 cells transfected with an hGSTA4 vector construct exhibited high steady-state hGSTA4 mRNA , high GST-4-HNE catalytic activities , but lower basal glutathione ( GSH ) concentrations relative to insert-free vector ( control ) cells . 
Exposure to 4-HNE elicited an increase in GSH concentrations in the control and hGSTA4 cells , although the dose-response of GSH induction differed among the two cell types . 
Specifically , hGSTA4 cells had significantly higher GSH concentrations when exposed to 5-15 microM 4-HNE , but not at 20 microM 4-HNE , suggesting extensive GSH utilization at high concentrations of 4-HNE . 
The hGSTA4 cells exhibited a significant growth advantage relative to control cells in the absence of 4-HNE , and a trend towards increased growth at low dose exposures to 4-HNE . 
However , the hGSTA4 cells did not exhibit a growth advantage relative to control cells at higher 4-HNE exposures associated with increased GSH utilization . 
As expected , the hGSTA4 cells showed resistance to 4-HNE stimulated lipid peroxidation at all 4-HNE doses . 
In summary , our data indicates that over-expression of hGSTA4 at levels conferring high GST-4-HNE conjugating activity confers a partial growth advantage to HepG2 cells and protects against 4-HNE oxidative injury . 
However , the loss of proliferative capacity of hGSTA4 cells challenged with levels of 4-HNE associated with severe oxidative stress indicates a role of other aldehyde metabolizing enzymes , and / or GSH-electrophile transporter proteins , in providing full cellular protection against 4-HNE toxicity . PURPOSE : To determine whether the temperature-sensitive rat retinal pigment epithelial cell line ( RPE-J ) express mRNA transcripts for apolipoprotein ( apo ) and microsomal triglyceride transfer protein ( MTP ) and whether it can synthesize and secrete neutral lipids . 
METHODS : RPE-J cells were cultured in plastic tissue culture flasks and on Transwell filters . 
RT-PCR was used to check mRNA expression . 
Phagocytosis was checked by adding FITC-labeled beads and measuring the intensity of the fluorescence . 
Lipids were extracted from cultured cells that were fed photoreceptor outer segments ( OS ) for 24h; thin layer chromatography and enzymatic fluorimetry were used to assay lipid content . 
Cells were supplemented with [ 3H ] -oleate ( 5000 dpm / nmole ) bound to 1 . 5% fatty acid free bovine serum albumin in order to permit detection of the new synthesis and secretion of neutral lipids . 
RESULTS : RPE-J cells express mRNA for apoA-I , apoA-II , apoB , apoC-I , II , III , and apo E , as well as MTP . 
RPE-J cells can phagocytose OS and beads . 
OS-fed RPE-J cells , relative to untreated cells , have 5 . 8 times more triglyceride , 2 . 6 times more phospholipid , 1 . 5 times more unesterified cholesterol , and 0 . 3 times more esterified cholesterol . 
Radiolabeled neutral lipid is detected in cells and medium . 
All lipids increase in cells with time but only phospholipid increases in the medium with time . 
CONCLUSIONS : RPE cells express genes encoding apolipoproteins and MTP . 
Following the ingestion of OS , RPE-J cells contain abundant lipid . 
Following the ingestion of long-chain fatty acids , RPE-J cells can synthesize neutral lipids . 
Future experiments will determine if RPE-J cells secrete lipoprotein particles containing these proteins . To evaluate the cytokine balance and enzymatic alterations induced by environmental pesticide exposure during pregnancy , this transversal study explored placentas derived from non-exposed women ( control group-CG ) , and from women living in a rural area ( rural group-RG ) , collected during intensive organophosphate ( OP ) pesticide spraying season ( RG-SS ) and during non-spraying season ( RG-NSS ) . 
The exposure biomarkers blood cholinesterase and placental carboxylesterase ( CaE ) were significantly decreased in RG-SS . 
Among the cytokines studied IL-8 , IL-6 , TNFα , IL-10 , TGFβ and IL-13 , the expression frequency of IL-13 increased in RG-SS . 
Arginase and ornithine decarboxylase ( ODC ) enzymes were induced in syncytiotrophoblast and endothelial cells . 
Interestingly , the decrease in CaE activity was associated with arginase and ODC activity induction . 
These findings suggest that environmental pesticide exposure impacts the placenta by increasing the expression frequency of the anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-13 , which may be related to the up-regulation of enzymes implicated in tissue repair . Arsenic-induced gene expression changes in the neural tube of folate transport defective mouse embryos . Enantioselective hydrolysis of oral racemic methylphenidate ( dl-MPH ) by carboxylesterase 1 ( CES1 ) limits the absolute bioavailability of the pharmacologically active d-MPH isomer to approximately 30% and that of the inactive l-MPH to only 1-2% . 
Coadministration of dl-MPH with ethanol results in elevated d-MPH plasma concentrations accompanied by CES1-mediated enantioselective transesterification of l-MPH to l-ethylphenidate ( EPH ) . 
The present study tested the hypothesis that administration of the pure isomer dexmethylphenidate ( d-MPH ) will overcome the influence of ethanol on d-MPH absorption by eliminating competitive CES1-mediated presystemic metabolism of l-MPH to l-EPH . 
Twenty-four healthy volunteers received dl-MPH ( 0 . 3 mg / kg ) or d-MPH ( 0 . 15 mg / kg ) , with or without ethanol ( 0 . 6 g / kg ) . 
During the absorption phase of dl-MPH , concomitant ethanol significantly elevated d-MPH plasma concentrations ( 44-99%; P < 0 . 005 ) . 
Furthermore , immediately following the ethanol drink the subjective effects of "high , " "good , " "like , " "stimulated , " and overall "effect" were significantly potentiated ( P ≤ 0 . 01 ) . 
Plasma l-EPH concentrations exceeded those of l-MPH . 
Ethanol combined with pure d-MPH did not elevate plasma d-MPH concentrations during the absorption phase , and the ethanol-induced potentiation of subjective effects was delayed relative to dl-MPH-ethanol . 
These findings are consistent with l-MPH competitively inhibiting presystemic CES1 metabolism of d-MPH . 
Ethanol increased the d-MPH area under the curve ( AUC ) ( 0-inf ) by 21% following dl-MPH ( P < 0 . 001 ) and 14% for d-MPH ( P = 0 . 001 ) . 
In men receiving d-MPH-ethanol , the d-MPH absorption partial AUC ( 0 . 5-2 hours ) was 2 . 1 times greater and the time to maximum concentration ( T ( max ) ) occurred 1 . 1 hours earlier than in women , consistent with an increased rate of d-MPH absorption reducing hepatic extraction . 
More rapid absorption of d-MPH carries implications for increased abuse liability . The pure antiandrogen RU 23908 ( Anandron ) , a candidate of choice for the combined antihormonal treatment of prostatic cancer : a review . Rasagiline : a novel anti-Parkinsonian monoamine oxidase-B inhibitor with neuroprotective activity . Pretreatment renal vascular tone predicts the effect of specific renin inhibition on natriuresis in essential hypertension . Zinc Promotes the Death of Hypoxic Astrocytes by Upregulating Hypoxia-Induced Hypoxia-Inducible Factor-1alpha Expression via Poly ( ADP-ribose ) Polymerase-1 . Structures of wild-type and mutant human spermidine / spermine N1-acetyltransferase , a potential therapeutic drug target . Growth factor receptor-bound protein 10 ( Grb10 ) is a Src homology 2 ( SH2 ) domain-containing protein and one of the binding partners for several trans-membrane tyrosine-kinase receptors , including insulin receptor ( IR ) and insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor ( IGF1-R ) . 
The hippocampus , which is critical for cognitive functions , is one of the main distribution areas of Grb10 in the central nervous system . 
In recent years , diabetic encephalopathy has been defined as a third type of diabetes and the IGF1-IR pathway has been shown to be critical for the neuropathogenic process of cognitive disorder in diabetes . 
However , the role of endogenous Grb10 in regulating the IGF1-IR pathway and neurobehavioral changes is not explicit . 
The objective of this study was to determine the in vivo function of endogenous Grb10 in diabetic encephalopathy and the underlying mechanisms . 
Using stereotaxic surgical techniques and lentiviral vectors expressing specific short hairpin RNA ( shRNA ) , we could steadily knock down Grb10 expression in the hippocampus . 
More importantly , we demonstrated that hippocampus-specific modulation of Grb10 protein levels led to a prominent remission of cognitive disorder , including improvements in both ultrastructural pathology and abnormal neurobehavioural changes . 
Our findings indicate that endogenous overexpression of Grb10 functions as a suppressor of the IGF1-IR pathway , which may represent an important mechanism that regulates cognitive disorder in diabetes . 
This article is protected by copyright . 
All rights reserved . Adolescent alcohol binge drinking constitutes a major vulnerability factor to develop alcoholism . 
However , mechanisms underlying this susceptibility remain unknown . 
We evaluated the effect of adolescent binge-like ethanol intoxication on vulnerability to alcohol abuse in Sprague-Dawley rats . 
To model binge-like ethanol intoxication , every 2 days , rats received an ethanol injection ( 3 . 0 g / kg ) for 2 consecutive days across 14 days either from postnatal day 30 ( PND30 ) to 43 ( early adolescence ) or from PND 45 to PND 58 ( late adolescence ) . 
In young adult animals , we measured free ethanol consumption in the two-bottle choice paradigm , motivation for ethanol in the operant self-administration task and both ethanol's rewarding and aversive properties in the conditioned place preference ( CPP ) and taste aversion ( CTA ) paradigms . 
While intermittent ethanol intoxications ( IEI ) during late adolescence had no effect on free-choice 10% ethanol consumption , we found that IEI during early adolescence promoted free-choice 10% ethanol consumption , enhanced motivation for ethanol in the self-administration paradigm and induced a loss of both ethanol-induced CPP and CTA in young adults . 
No modification in either sucrose self-administration or amphetamine-induced CPP was observed . 
As the nucleus accumbens ( Nac ) is particularly involved in addictive behavior , we analyzed IEI-induced long-term neuroadaptations in the Nac using c-Fos immunohistochemistry and an array of neurotransmission-related genes . 
This vulnerability to ethanol abuse was associated with a lower c-Fos immunoreactivity in the Nac and enduring alterations of the expression of Penk and Slc6a4 , 2 neurotransmission-related genes that have been shown to play critical roles in the behavioral effects of ethanol and alcoholism . Antidepressants are generally used for treatment of various mood and anxiety disorders . 
Several studies have shown the anti-tumor and cytotoxic activities of some antidepressants , but the underlying mechanisms were unclear . 
Maprotiline is a tetracyclic antidepressant and possesses a highly selective norepinephrine reuptake ability . 
We found that maprotiline decreased cell viability in a concentration- and time-dependent manner in Neuro-2a cells . 
Maprotiline induced apoptosis and increased caspase-3 activation . 
The activation of caspase-3 by maprotiline appears to depend on the activation of JNK and the inactivation of ERK . 
Maprotiline also induced [ Ca ( 2 + ) ] ( i ) increases which involved the mobilization of intracellular Ca ( 2 + ) stored in the endoplasmic reticulum . 
Pretreatment with BAPTA / AM , a Ca ( 2 + ) chelator , suppressed maprotiline-induced ERK phosphorylation , enhanced caspase-3 activation and increased maprotiline-induced apoptosis . 
In conclusion , maprotiline induced apoptosis in Neuro-2a cells through activation of JNK-associated caspase-3 pathways . 
Maprotiline also evoked an anti-apoptotic response that was both Ca ( 2 + ) - and ERK-dependent . Synergistic effects of new chemopreventive agents and conventional cytotoxic agents against human lung cancer cell lines . Ceftazidime-avibactam : a novel cephalosporin / β-lactamase inhibitor combination . Further evidence for involvement of the dorsal hippocampus serotonergic and γ-aminobutyric acid ( GABA ) ergic pathways in the expression of contextual fear conditioning in rats . One of the main theories concerning the mechanism of action of antidepressant drugs ( ADs ) is based on the notion that the neurochemical background of depression involves an impairment of central noradrenergic transmission with a concomitant decrease of the norepinephrine ( NE ) in the synaptic gap . 
Many ADs increase synaptic NE availability by inhibition of the reuptake of NE . 
Using mice lacking NE transporter ( NET- / - ) we examined their baseline phenotype as well as the response in the forced swim test ( FST ) and in the tail suspension test ( TST ) upon treatment with ADs that display different pharmacological profiles . 
In both tests , the NET- / - mice behaved like wild-type ( WT ) mice acutely treated with ADs . 
Autoradiographic studies showed decreased binding of the beta-adrenergic ligand [ 3H ] CGP12177 in the cerebral cortex of NET- / - mice , indicating the changes at the level of beta-adrenergic receptors similar to those obtained with ADs treatment . 
The binding of [ 3H ] prazosin to alpha1-adrenergic receptors in the cerebral cortex of NET- / - mice was also decreased , most probably as an adaptive response to the sustained elevation of extracellular NE levels observed in these mice . 
A pronounced NET knockout-induced shortening of the immobility time in the TST ( by ca 50% ) compared to WT mice was not reduced any further by NET-inhibiting ADs such as reboxetine , desipramine , and imipramine . 
Citalopram , which is devoid of affinity for the NET , exerted a significant reduction of immobility time in the NET- / - mice . 
In the FST , reboxetine , desipramine , imipramine , and citalopram administered acutely did not reduce any further the immobility time shortened by NET knockout itself ( ca 25% ) ; however , antidepressant-like action of repeatedly ( 7 days ) administered desipramine was observed in NET- / - mice , indicating that the chronic presence of this drug may also affect other neurochemical targets involved in the behavioral reactions monitored by this test . 
From the present study , it may be concluded that mice lacking the NET may represent a good model of some aspects of depression-resistant behavior , paralleled with alterations in the expression of adrenergic receptors , which result as an adaptation to elevated levels of extracellular NE . Determination of toxicity of complex mixtures has been proposed to be one of the most important challenges for modern toxicology . 
In this study we performed genome wide transcriptome profiling to assess potential toxicant induced changes in gene regulation in zebrafish embryos following parental exposure to two natural mixtures of persistent organic pollutants ( POPs ) . 
The mixtures used were extracted from burbot ( Lota lota ) liver originating from two lakes ( Lake Mjøsa and Lake Losna ) belonging to the same freshwater system in Norway . 
The dominating groups of contaminants were polybrominated diphenyl ethers ( PBDEs ) , polychlorinated biphenyls ( PCBs ) and dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane metabolites ( DDTs ) . 
Because both mixtures used in the present study induced similar effects , it is likely that the same toxicants are involved . 
The Mjøsa mixture contains high levels of PBDEs while this group of pollutants is low in the Losna mixture . 
However , both mixtures contain substantial concentrations of PCB and DDT suggesting these contaminants as the predominant contributors to the toxicity observed . 
The observed effects included phenotypic traits , like embryo production and survival , and gene transcription changes corresponding with disease and biological functions such as cancer , reproductive system disease , cardiovascular disease , lipid and protein metabolism , small molecule biochemistry and cell cycle . 
The changes in gene transcription included genes regulated by HNF4A , insulin , LH , FSH and NF-κB which are known to be central regulators of endocrine signaling , metabolism , metabolic homeostasis , immune functions , cancer development and reproduction . 
The results suggest that relative low concentrations of the natural mixtures of POPs used in the present study might pose a threat to wild freshwater fish living in the lakes from which the POPs mixtures originated . Many cyanobacterial species can produce cyanotoxins , among which mycrocistins ( MC ) are a group of ≈100 congeners of hepatotoxic cyclic heptapeptides . 
MC-RR differs from MC-LR , the most studied congener only for one residue ( arginine vs leucine ) , resulting in a ten-fold difference in the acute toxicity in mice . 
Although humans may be exposed to MC through several routes and kinetics appeared to be the major factor affecting congener-specific toxicity , little is known on MC metabolism . 
The accepted pathway for MC detoxication is GSH conjugation : here the MC-RR conjugation with GSH catalyzed by 5 recombinant human GSTs and human liver cytosol ( HLC ) has been characterized and appeared to be more efficient than MC-LR conjugation . 
The catalytic efficiency score is T1-1>A1-1≈P1-1>M1-1>A3-3 ( 0 . 161-0 . 056pmol GSMC-RR ( μgproteinminμM ) ( -1 ) ) . 
In HLC the spontaneous reaction is favored vs the enzymatic one ( ratio 3 : 1 ) at physiological GSH content . 
However , at low MC-RR concentrations , representative of repeated oral exposure , and low GSH content ( down to 0 . 05mM ) , possibly associated to exposure to drugs or in patients affected by several pathologies , the relevance of the enzymatic reaction progressively increases , providing the predominant contribution to MC-RR detoxication . AIM : To compare candesartan cilexetil and lisinopril in fixed combination with hydrochlorothiazide with respect to antihypertensive efficacy and tolerability . 
METHODS : This was a double-blind ( double-dummy ) , randomised , parallel group comparison in patients with a mean sitting diastolic blood pressure 95-115 mm Hg on prior antihypertensive monotherapy . 
Treatments were candesartan cilexetil / hydrochlorothiazide 8 / 12 . 5 mg once daily ( n = 237 ) and lisinopril / hydrochlorothiazide 10 / 12 . 5 mg once daily ( n = 116 ) for 26 weeks . 
The primary efficacy variable was change in trough sitting diastolic blood pressure . 
RESULTS : Changes in mean sitting diastolic blood pressure did not differ significantly between the groups ( mean difference 0 . 5 mm Hg; 95% confidence interval -1 . 6 , 2 . 7 , P = 0 . 20 ) . 
No significant differences between the groups was found for other haemodynamic variables ( sitting systolic blood pressure , standing blood pressure , sitting / erect heart rate , and proportion of responders and controlled patients ) . 
Both drugs were well tolerated but the proportion of patients with at least one adverse event was significantly greater in the lisinopril group ( 80% vs 69% , P = 0 . 020 ) . 
The proportion of patients spontaneously reporting cough ( 23 . 1% vs 4 . 6% ) and discontinuing therapy due to adverse events ( 12 . 0% vs 5 . 9% ) was also higher in the lisinopril group compared with the candesartan cilexetil group . 
CONCLUSIONS : The fixed combinations of candesartan cilexetil and hydrochlorothiazide 8 / 12 . 5 mg and lisinopril and hydrochlorothiazide 10 / 12 . 5 mg once daily are equally effective as antihypertensive agents . 
The fixed combination containing candesartan cilexetil is better tolerated than that containing lisinopril . Transaldolase deficiency : report of 12 new cases and further delineation of the phenotype . GH has previously been shown to promote cognitive functions in GH-deficient rodents . 
In this study we report the effects of GH on learning and memory in intact rats pretreated with the anabolic androgenic steroid nandrolone . 
Male Wistar rats received nandrolone decanoate ( 15 mg / kg ) or peanut oil every third day for 3 weeks and were subsequently treated with recombinant human GH ( 1 . 0 IU / kg ) or saline for 10 consecutive days . 
During the GH / saline treatment spatial learning and memory were tested in the Morris water maze ( MWM ) . 
Also , plasma levels of IGF1 were assessed and the gene expression of the GH receptors ( Ghr ) , Igf1 and Igf2 , in hippocampus and frontal cortex was analyzed . 
The results demonstrated a significant positive effect of GH on memory functions and increased gene expression of Igf1 in the hippocampus was found in the animals treated with GH . 
In addition , GH was demonstrated to increase the body weight gain and was able to attenuate the reduced body weight seen in nandrolone-treated animals . 
In general , the rats treated with nandrolone alone did not exhibit any pronounced alteration in memory compared with controls in the MWM , and in many cases GH did not induce any alteration . 
Regarding target zone crossings , considered to be associated with spatial memory , the difference between GH- and steroid-treated animals was significant and administration of GH improved this parameter in the latter group . 
In conclusion , GH improves spatial memory in intact rats and can reverse certain effects induced by anabolic androgenic steroid . PURPOSE : Overactive bladder symptoms due to various etiologies have been successfully treated with capsaicin by desensitization of the temperature sensitive vanilloid receptor TRPV1 . 
Recently another temperature sensitive receptor , TRPM8 , activated by menthol and cool temperatures ( 8C to 28C ) was described that may be the proposed cool receptor , at least in part mediating the bladder response in the diagnostic ice water test . 
We defined the sites of mRNA and protein expression of TRPM8 and TRPV1 in the rat and human genitourinary tract . 
MATERIALS AND METHODS : Prostate , testis , penis , bladder and dorsal root ganglion tissue was obtained from rats . 
Prostate , testicle , seminiferous tubules , corpus cavernosum , glans , overlying glans skin , scrotal skin and bladder were obtained from human patients . 
Reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction was done using species specific primers for TRPM8 and TRPV1 . 
Immunofluorescence staining for TRPM8 was performed in rat tissues as well as in cultured human urothelial cells . 
RESULTS : TRPM8 and TRPV1 mRNA were detected in all rat tissues . 
Human samples demonstrated TRPM8 mRNA in prostate , testicle , seminiferous tubules , scrotal skin and bladder . 
No TRPM8 mRNA was identified in human corpus cavernosum , glans or overlying glans skin . 
Separation of layers in human bladder demonstrated mRNA for TRPM8 only in the urothelium and not in the detrusor . 
Immunofluorescence location of TRPM8 was found in rat prostate , DRG and bladder , and in human urothelial cells in culture . 
TRPV1 mRNA was detected in all human genitourinary tract tissues . 
CONCLUSIONS : These results demonstrate that mRNA and protein for TRPM8 exist in multiple genitourinary organs in the rat and human , and it may be considered a possible new target , as is TRPV1 , for the pharmacological treatment of detrusor overactivity or other urological disorders . Dopamine D2 receptors are known to regulate the release of catecholamines from neurons in the central and peripheral nervous systems . 
In the present study we have evaluated the effects of dopamine D2 agonists and antagonists on the release of endogenous norepinephrine and epinephrine stimulated by 50 microM nicotine in isolated bovine chromaffin cells in order to investigate whether isolated bovine chromaffin cells may contain functional dopamine D2 receptors . 
Dopamine ( 10 ( -4 ) and 10 ( -6 ) M ) , quinpirole ( 10 ( -5 ) M ) and 2-amino-5 , 6-dihydroxy-1 , 2 , 3 , 4-tetrahydronaphthalene hydrobromide ( 10 ( -5 ) M ) had no effect on the nicotine-stimulated release of norepinephrine or epinephrine from the bovine chromaffin cells . 
Pergolide ( 10 ( -6 ) M ) and apomorphine ( 10 ( -4 ) M ) produced a significant inhibition of nicotine-stimulated release of both norepinephrine and epinephrine from the chromaffin cells . 
The inhibitory effect of the selective dopamine D2 agonist pergolide on catecholamine release from the chromaffin cells was not reversed by 10 ( -6 ) M concentrations of the selective dopamine D2 receptor antagonists haloperidol , domperidone , metaclopramide , fluphenazine , flupentixol , ( + ) - or ( - ) -sulpiride , the dopamine D1 receptor antagonist SCH 23390 ( 10 ( -7 ) M ) or the alpha receptor antagonist phentolamine ( 10 ( -6 ) M ) . 
These data suggest that the inhibition of nicotine-stimulated release of catecholamines from the bovine chromaffin cells is not a receptor-mediated effect . 
Further studies showed that the inhibitory effect of pergolide on catecholamine release in the bovine chromaffin cells was correlated with an inhibition of nicotine-stimulated 45Ca + + uptake and 22Na + uptake into these cells . 
It is concluded that functional dopamine D2 receptors of the classical type do not exist on isolated bovine chromaffin cells . [ New non-steroidal anti-rheumatic drugs : selective inhibitors of inducible cyclooxygenase ] . A review of the pharmacological and clinical profile of mirtazapine . A fourth member of the diacylglycerol kinase ( DGK ) gene family termed DGK delta was cloned from the human testis cDNA library . 
The cDNA sequence contains an open reading frame of 3 , 507 nucleotides encoding a putative DGK protein of 130 , 006 Da . 
Interestingly , the new DGK isozyme contains a pleckstrin homology domain found in a number of proteins involved in signal transduction . 
Furthermore , the C-terminal tail of this isozyme is very similar to those of the EPH family of receptor tyrosine kinases . 
The primary structure of the delta-isozyme also has two cysteine-rich zinc finger-like structures ( C3 region ) and the C-terminal C4 region , both of which have been commonly found in the three isozymes previously cloned ( DGKs alpha , beta and gamma ) . 
However , DGK delta lacks the EF-hand motifs ( C2 ) and contains a long Glu- and Ser-rich insertion ( 317 residues ) , which divides the C4 region into two portions . 
Taken together , these structural features of DGK delta indicate that this isozyme belongs to a DGK subfamily distinct from that consisting of DGKs alpha , beta , and gamma . 
Increased DGK activity without marked preference to arachidonoyl type of diacylglycerol was detected in the particulate fraction of COS-7 cells expressing the transfected DGKdelta cDNA . 
The enzyme activity was independent of phosphatidylserine , which is a common activator for the previously sequenced DGKs . 
Northern blot analysis showed that the DGK delta mRNA ( approximately 6 . 3 kilobases ) is most abundant in human skeletal muscle but undetectable in the brain , thymus , and retina . 
This expression pattern is different from those of the previously cloned DGKs . 
Our results show that the DGK gene family consists of at least two subfamilies consisting of enzymes with distinct structural characteristics and that each cell type probably expresses its own characteristic repertoire of DGKs whose functions may be regulated through different signal transduction pathways . Synthesis , in vitro antiplatelet activity and molecular modelling studies of 10-substituted 2- ( 1-piperazinyl ) pyrimido [ 1 , 2-a ] benzimidazol-4 ( 10H ) -ones . Novel locus including FGF21 is associated with dietary macronutrient intake . Inhibition of the ATP-sensitive potassium channel from mouse pancreatic beta-cells by surfactants . A number of anti-obesity drugs are currently undergoing clinical development . 
These include : ( i ) centrally-acting drugs , such as the noradrenergic and dopaminergic reuptake inhibitor radafaxine , the endocannabinoid antagonist rimonabant , the selective serotonin 5-HT2c agonist APD-356 , and oleoyl-estrone; ( ii ) drugs that target peripheral episodic satiety signals , such as glucagon-like peptide-1 ( exenatide , exenatide-LAR and liraglutide ) , peptide YY ( intranasal PYY3-36 and AC-162325 ) and amylin ( pramlintide ) ; ( iii ) drugs that block fat absorption , such as the novel lipase inhibitors cetilistat and GT-389255; and ( iv ) a human growth hormone fragment ( AOD-9604 ) that increases adipose tissue breakdown . 
Of these , only rimonabant has got as far as completing phase III clinical trials . 
This review will provide an overview of the most prominent drugs currently undergoing clinical development as potential anti-obesity therapies . Differential Effects of Crambescins and Crambescidin 816 in Voltage-Gated Sodium , Potassium and Calcium Channels in Neurons . 1 . 
The kinetics of onset of alpha-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid ( AMPA ) receptor desensitization by glutamate , and the extent of attenuation of AMPA receptor desensitization by cyclothiazide , showed pronounced cell-to-cell variation in cultures of rat hippocampal neurons . 
Cultures prepared from area CA1 stratum radiatum tended to show weaker modulation by cyclothiazide than cultures prepared from the whole hippocampus . 
2 . 
Kinetic analysis of concentration jump responses to glutamate revealed multiple populations of receptors with fast ( approximately 400 ms ) , intermediate ( approximately 2-4 s ) , and slow ( > 20 s ) time constants for recovery from modulation by cyclothiazide . 
The amplitudes of these components varied widely between cells , suggesting the existence of at least three populations of AMPA receptor subtypes , the relative density of which varied from cell to cell . 
3 . 
The complex patterns of sensitivity to cyclothiazide seen in hippocampal neurons could be reconstituted by assembly of recombinant AMPA receptor subunits generated from cDNAs encoding the flip ( i ) and flop ( o ) splice variants of the GluR-A and GluR-B subunits . 
Recovery from modulation by cyclothiazide was slower for GluR-AiBi and GluR-AoBi than for GluR-AiBo and GluR-AoBo . 
4 . 
Coexpression of the flip and flop splice variants of GluR-A , in the absence of GluR-B , revealed that heteromeric AMPA receptors with intermediate sensitivity to cyclothiazide , similar to responses observed for the combinations GluR-AoBi or GluR-AiBo , could be generated independently of the presence of the GluR-B subunit . 
However , recovery from modulation by cyclothiazide was twofold slower for GluR-AiBi than for homomeric GluR-Ai , indicating that the GluR-A and GluR-B subunits are not functionally equivalent in controlling sensitivity to cyclothiazide . 
5 . 
These results demonstrate that AMPA receptors expressed in hippocampal neurons are assembled in a variety of subunit and splice variant combinations that might serve as a mechanism to fine-tune the kinetics of synaptic transmission . Both microtubule and actin are required for insulin-induced glucose uptake . 
However , the roles of these two cytoskeletons and their relationship in insulin action still remain unclear . 
In this work , we examined the morphological change of microtubule / actin and their involvement in insulin signal transduction using rat skeletal muscle cells . 
Insulin rapidly led to microtubule clustering from ventral to dorsal surface of the cell . 
Microtubule filaments were rearranged to create space where new actin structures formed . 
Disruption of microtubule prevented insulin-induced actin remodeling and distal insulin signal transduction , with reduction in surface glucose transporter isoform 4 ( GLUT4 ) and glucose uptake . 
Though microtubule mediated actin remodeling through PKCζ , reorganization of microtubule depended on tyrosine phosphorylation of insulin receptor , the mechanism is different from insulin-induced actin remodeling , which relied on the activity of PI3-kinase and PKCζ . 
We propose that microtubule network is required for insulin-induced signal transduction and actin remodeling in skeletal muscle cells . Late-onset cobalamin-C disorder : a challenging diagnosis . The influence of repeated administration of clozapine and haloperidol on the effects of the activation of 5-HT ( 1A ) , 5-HT ( 2 ) and 5-HT ( 4 ) receptors in rat frontal cortex . HDL Cholesterol Subfractions and the Effect of Testosterone Replacement in Hypogonadism . Alternative interventions are available for patients in whom thrombolytic therapy is inappropriate after an acute myocardial infarction . 
Administration of a beta blocker within the first 24 hours of the patient's admission to the coronary care unit can reduce overall morbidity and mortality within the first 7 days by about 15% . 
Maintenance therapy with an oral beta blocker can reduce mortality within the succeeding 3 years by about 25% . 
Esmolol , a unique cardioselective beta 1-adrenergic receptor blocker with a half-life of 9 minutes , can enable some patients with relative contraindications to beta blockers to nevertheless benefit from early beta-blocking therapy . 
It also is useful in screening patients for subsequent therapy with beta blockers . 
Those who tolerate the esmolol infusion can be given a long-acting beta blocker . 
For patients who exhibit intolerance to esmolol , the infusion can be terminated with rapid return to baseline hemodynamics . Prevention of dacarbazine damage of human neoplastic cell DNA by aphidicolin . Tissue-type plasminogen activator ( tPA ) , a serine protease well known for generating plasmin , has been demonstrated to induce matrix metalloproteinase-9 ( MMP-9 ) gene expression and protein secretion in renal interstitial fibroblasts . 
However , exactly how tPA transduces its signal into the nucleus to control gene expression is unknown . 
This study investigated the mechanism by which tPA induces MMP-9 gene expression . 
Both wild-type and non-enzymatic mutant tPA were found to induce MMP-9 expression in rat kidney interstitial fibroblasts ( NRK-49F ) , indicating that the actions of tPA are independent of its proteolytic activity . 
tPA bound to the low density lipoprotein receptor-related protein-1 ( LRP-1 ) in NRK-49F cells , and this binding was competitively abrogated by the LRP-1 antagonist , the receptor-associated protein . 
In mouse embryonic fibroblasts ( PEA-13 ) lacking LRP-1 , tPA failed to induce MMP-9 expression . 
Furthermore , tPA induced rapid tyrosine phosphorylation on the beta subunit of LRP-1 , which was followed by the activation of Mek1 and its downstream Erk-1 and -2 . 
Blockade of Erk-1 / 2 activation by the Mek1 inhibitor abolished MMP-9 induction by tPA in NRK-49F cells . 
Conversely , overexpression of constitutively activated Mek1 induced Erk-1 / 2 phosphorylation and MMP-9 expression . 
In mouse obstructed kidney , tPA , LRP-1 , and MMP-9 were concomitantly induced in the renal interstitium . 
Collectively , these results suggest that besides its classical proteolytic activity , tPA acts as a cytokine that binds to the cell membrane receptor LRP-1 , induces its tyrosine phosphorylation , and triggers intracellular signal transduction , thereby inducing specific gene expression in renal interstitial fibroblasts . Abstract We performed this study to investigate the effect of ketorolac ( a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug ) administration around ovarian stimulation on in vivo and in vitro fertilization process . 
Sixty-four female mice ( ICR ) were injected with ketorolac ( 0 , 7 . 5 , 15 and 30 µg / d ) for 3 d starting from the day of eCG treatment . 
In experiment 1 , 41 mice were triggered by hCG and then mated; two-cell embryos were obtained and in vitro development up to blastocyst was observed . 
In experiment 2 , 23 mice were triggered by hCG and mature oocytes were collected; in vitro fertilization rate and subsequent embryo development up to blastocyst was recorded . 
In experiment 1 , the blastocyst-forming rates per in vivo fertilized two-cell embryo showed an inverse relationship with a dosage of ketorolac ( 97 . 6% , 64 . 2% , 35 . 4% and 25 . 9% ) . 
In experiment 2 , degenerated oocytes were frequently observed in a dose-dependent manner ( 4 . 3% , 22 . 9% , 22 . 4% and 75 . 0% ) . 
Lower fertilization rates were noted in all the three ketorolac-treating groups; blastocyst-forming rate was significantly lower in 30-µg-treating group when compared with the control group . 
Administration of ketorolac around ovarian stimulation significantly affects the development of in vivo fertilized embryo in a dose-dependent manner . 
High-dose ketorolac could result in a poor oocyte quality and decreased embryo developmental competence . The binding of the antipsychotic drugs risperidone , ( + ) -butaclamol , clozapine , haloperidol , spiperone , thioridazine and YM-09151-2 was studied at the subtypes of the alpha 1-adrenoceptor . 
Saturation experiments showed that [ 3H ] prazosin labelled a single population of binding sites in the spleen ( alpha 1B ) and hippocampus ( alpha 1A and alpha 1B ) ( dissociation constants ( KD ) : 0 . 26 nM and 0 . 14 nM respectively ) . 
Prazosin displaced the radioligand in a monophasic manner in both the spleen and hippocampus whereas 5-methyl-urapidil , phentolamine and WB 4101 displaced the radioligand in a monophasic manner in the spleen but in a biphasic manner in the hippocampus . 
The affinity of these three compounds for the low affinity site in the hippocampus was similar to that observed in the spleen , suggesting that all three were selective for the alpha 1A-adrenoceptor . 
Furthermore , the affinities for the alpha 1A- and alpha 1B-adrenoceptors calculated in this manner were in agreement with literature values . 
With the exception of risperidone , all the antipsychotic drugs tested failed to show selectivity for either of the alpha 1-adrenoceptor subtypes . 
Risperidone was 120-fold more selective for the alpha 1B-adrenoceptor with respect to the alpha 1A-adrenoceptor ( Ki values : 2 . 3 + / - 1 . 2 nM and 283 . 6 + / - 174 . 1 nM respectively ) . Homocysteine ( Hcy ) is thought to play an important role in the development of osteoporosis and fracture . 
Methionine synthase reductase ( MTRR ) is an enzyme involved in the conversion of Hcy to methionine . 
We hypothesized that certain genetic polymorphisms of MTRR leading to reduced enzyme activity may cause hyperhomocysteinemia and affect bone metabolism . 
We therefore examined the associations of the A66G and C524T polymorphisms of the MTRR gene with bone mineral density ( BMD ) and serum osteocalcin levels in postmenopausal women . 
Although we did not detect any significant associations between MTRR polymorphisms and BMD or serum osteocalcin levels , we found that the 66G / 524C haplotype , which has reduced enzyme activity , was significantly associated with serum osteocalcin levels in a gene-dose dependent manner ( P = 0 . 002 ) . 
That is , the highest osteocalcin levels ( 34 . 5 + / - 16 . 8 ng / ml ) were observed in subjects bearing two copies , intermediate osteocalcin levels ( 32 . 6 + / - 14 . 4 ng / ml ) were observed in subjects bearing one copy , and the lowest levels of osteocalcin ( 28 . 8 + / - 10 . 9 ng / ml ) were observed in subjects bearing no copies . 
These results suggest that the 66G / 524C haplotype of the MTRR gene affect bone turn over rate . PURPOSE : This study was designed to clarify the involvement of the prostanoid FP receptor in the intraocular pressure ( IOP ) -lowering effects of latanoprost , travoprost , bimatoprost , and unoprostone with the use of FP-receptor-deficient ( FPKO ) mice . 
METHODS : FPKO and wild-type ( WT ) mice were bred and acclimatized under a 12-hour light-dark cycle . 
IOP was measured under general anesthesia by a microneedle METHOD : To evaluate the effects of each drug , a single drop ( 3 muL ) of each drug solution was topically applied in a masked manner to a randomly selected eye . 
IOP reduction was evaluated by the difference in IOP between the treated eye and the untreated contralateral eye in the same mouse . 
First , the diurnal variation and baseline IOP in WT and FPKO mice were measured . 
Then , to determine the window feasible for demonstrating the most marked ocular hypotensive effect , 0 . 005% latanoprost was applied to WT mice during the day or at night . 
The time when the ocular hypotensive effect was larger was selected for further studies to evaluate the effects of latanoprost ( 0 . 005% ) , travoprost ( 0 . 004% ) , bimatoprost ( 0 . 03% ) , and unoprostone ( 0 . 12% ) . 
In addition , bunazosin ( 0 . 1% ) was also applied to demonstrate functional uveoscleral outflow in FPKO mice . 
All experiments were conducted under a masked study design . 
RESULTS : The baseline IOP ( mean + / - SEM ) in WT and FPKO mice was 15 . 0 + / - 0 . 2 and 15 . 0 + / - 0 . 3 mm Hg , respectively , during the day , and 18 . 9 + / - 0 . 4 and 19 . 2 + / - 0 . 4 mm Hg , respectively , at night . 
In WT mice , latanoprost significantly lowered IOP both during the day and at night , at 2 to 6 hours and 1 to 6 hours after application , respectively . 
Maximal IOP reduction was observed at 3 hours after drug instillation both during the day ( 10 . 9 + / - 1 . 8% ) and at night ( 23 . 2 + / - 1 . 1% ) . 
At 3 hours after instillation , latanoprost ( 10 . 9 + / - 1 . 8% and 23 . 2 + / - 1 . 1% , daytime and nighttime , respectively ) , travoprost ( 15 . 9 + / - 1 . 4% and 26 . 1 + / - 1 . 2% ) and bimatoprost ( 8 . 8 + / - 2 . 0 and 19 . 8 + / - 1 . 5% ) significantly lowered IOP in WT mice both during the day and at night; isopropyl unoprostone significantly lowered IOP at night ( 13 . 7 + / - 1 . 9% ) but not during the day ( 5 . 3 + / - 3 . 2% ) . 
In FPKO mice , latanoprost , travoprost , bimatoprost , and unoprostone showed no significant IOP-lowering effect . 
Bunazosin significantly lowered IOP in both WT ( 22 . 1 + / - 1 . 6% ) and FPKO mice ( 22 . 2 + / - 2 . 1% ) . 
CONCLUSIONS : A single application of latanoprost , travoprost , bimatoprost , or unoprostone had no effect on IOP in FPKO mice with presumed functional uveoscleral outflow pathways . 
The prostanoid FP receptor plays a crucial role in the mechanism of early IOP lowering of all commercially available prostaglandin analogues . Adenosine monophosphate ( AMP ) -activated protein kinase ( AMPK ) is a major cellular energy sensor and master regulator of metabolic homeostasis; thus , AMPK plays a central role in studies on diabetes and related metabolic diseases . 
From the rhizomes of Polygonatum odoratum ( Mill . 
) Druce , six homoisoflavonoids ( 1-6 ) and one dihydrochalcone ( 7 ) were isolated , and the structures of polygonatones A-D ( 4-7 ) were elucidated by various spectroscopic analyses . 
Compounds 1-7 were evaluated for their effect on AMPK activation . 
The amount of active phosphorylated AMPK and acetyl-CoA carboxylase in rat liver epithelial IAR-20 cells increased when the cells were incubated with the aforementioned compounds . 
Specifically , ( 3R ) -5 , 7-dihydroxyl-6-methyl-8-methoxyl-3- ( 4'-hydroxylbenzyl ) -chroman-4-one ( 1 ) , ( 3R ) -5 , 7-dihydroxyl-6 , 8-dimethyl-3- ( 4'-hydroxylbenzyl ) -chroman-4-one ( 2 ) , ( 3R ) -5 , 7-dihydroxyl-6-methyl-3- ( 4'-hydroxylbenzyl ) -chroman-4-one ( 3 ) , and polygonatone D ( 7 ) exhibited significant activation effects . A selective dopamine reuptake inhibitor improves prefrontal cortex-dependent cognitive function : potential relevance to attention deficit hyperactivity disorder . Betaxolol , a beta ( 1 ) -adrenoceptor antagonist , reduces Na ( + ) influx into cortical synaptosomes by direct interaction with Na ( + ) channels : comparison with other beta-adrenoceptor antagonists . Mazindol analogues as potential inhibitors of the cocaine binding site at the dopamine transporter . 9-Methoxycamptothecin ( MCPT ) has been recently reported to have a strong anticancer activity . 
However , its detailed mechanism of action in human cancer cells has not been well clarified . 
The results showed that MCPT induced cytotoxicity in seven human cancer cell lines in a dose dependent manner after 72h , with A2780 and Hela cell lines more sensitive , so the two cell lines were chosen to do further studies . 
MCPT induced strong G2 / M arrest in both A2780 cells and Hela cells after 24h , following by substantial sub-G1 arrest ( indicating apoptosis ) . 
The apoptosis was verified by staining with Annexin V-FITC and propidium iodide . 
ROS generation increased significantly in MCPT-induced apoptosis . 
Meanwhile , the apoptosis appeared to be dependent on caspase-3 , -8 and -9 in A2780 cells , and caspase-3 in Hela cells . 
In addition , MCPT induced up-regulation expression of most of seventeen genes in both cell lines . 
Western blot verified that changes of TNFα , Fas , P53 and P27 protein level were consistent with their gene expression changes . 
Taken together , MCPT plays an important role in tumor growth suppression by inducing apoptosis in both cell lines via extrinsic and intrinsic apoptotic pathways , and has the potential to be developed into an antitumor agent . Cresyl saligenin phosphate ( CBDP ) is a suspected causative agent of "aerotoxic syndrome" , affecting pilots , crew members and passengers . 
CBDP is produced in vivo from ortho-containing isomers of tricresyl phosphate ( TCP ) , a component of jet engine lubricants and hydraulic fluids . 
CBDP irreversibly inhibits butyrylcholinesterase ( BChE ) in human plasma by forming adducts on the active site serine ( Ser-198 ) . 
Inhibited BChE undergoes aging to release saligenin and o-cresol . 
The active site histidine ( His-438 ) was hypothesized to abstract o-hydroxybenzyl moiety from the initial adduct on Ser-198 . 
Our goal was to test this hypothesis . 
Mass spectral analysis of CBDP-inhibited BChE digested with Glu-C showed an o-hydroxybenzyl adduct ( + 106amu ) on lysine 499 , a residue far from the active site , but not on His-438 . 
Nevertheless , the nitrogen of the imidazole ring of free l-histidine formed a variety of adducts upon reaction with CBDP , including the o-hydroxybenzyl adduct , suggesting that histidine-CBDP adducts may form on other proteins . Overexpression of kidney neutral endopeptidase ( EC 3 . 4 . 24 . 11 ) and renal function in experimental cirrhosis . We investigated the inhibitory activity of several 1 , 3 , 4-thiadiazole-sulfonamides against all catalytically active CA ( EC 4 . 2 . 1 . 1 ) , CA I-XV . 
The tail derivatizing the 5-position in the 1 , 3 , 4-thiadiazole-2-sulfonamide scaffold was observed to be critical as an inhibitory determinant of these compounds . 
The high resolution X-ray crystal structure of hCA II in complex with 5- ( 1-adamantylcarboxamido ) -1 , 3 , 4-thiadiazole-2-sulfonamide , showed the adamantyl moiety of the inhibitor residing in a less utilized binding pocket than that of most hydrophobic inhibitors , lined by the amino acid residues Ile91 , Val121 and Phe131 . 
This binding site may explain the diverse inhibition profiles of 5-carboxamide- and sufonamide-derivatized 1 , 3 , 4-thiadiazole-2-sulfonamides and offers a hot spot for designing isoform selective inhibitors , considering that residues 91 and 131 are highly variable among the 13 catalytically active isoforms . Presence of cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterases PDE1A , existing as a stable complex with calmodulin , and PDE3A in human spermatozoa . Cholinergic fibers from the brainstem and basal forebrain innervate the medial prefrontal cortex ( mPFC ) modulating neuronal activity and synaptic plasticity responses to hippocampal inputs . 
Here , we investigated the muscarinic and glutamatergic modulation of long-term depression ( LTD ) in the intact projections from CA1 to mPFC in vivo . 
Cortical-evoked responses were recorded in urethane-anesthetized rats for 30 min during baseline and 4 h following LTD . 
In order to test the potentiating effects of pilocarpine ( PILO ) , independent groups of rats received either a microinjection of PILO ( 40 nmol; i . 
c . 
v . 
) or vehicle , immediately before or 20 min after a sub-threshold LTD protocol ( 600 pulses , 1 Hz; LFS600 ) . 
Other groups received either an infusion of the selective NMDA receptor antagonist ( AP7; 10 nmol; intra-mPFC ) or vehicle , 10 min prior to PILO preceding LFS600 , or prior to a supra-threshold LTD protocol ( 900 pulses , 1 Hz; LFS900 ) . 
Our results show that PILO converts a transient cortical depression induced by LFS600 into a robust LTD , stable for at least 4 h . 
When applied after LFS600 , PILO does not change either mPFC basal neurotransmission or late LTD . 
Our data also indicate that NMDA receptor pre-activation is essential to the muscarinic enhancement of mPFC synaptic depression , since AP7 microinjection into the mPFC blocked the conversion of transient depression into long-lasting LTD produced by PILO . 
In addition , AP7 effectively blocked the long-lasting LTD induced by LFS900 . 
Therefore , our findings suggest that the glutamatergic co-activation of prefrontal neurons is important for the effects of PILO on mPFC synaptic depression , which could play an important role in the control of executive and emotional functions . Salidroside attenuates myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury via PI3K / Akt signaling pathway . LPA1-induced cytoskeleton reorganization drives fibrosis through CTGF-dependent fibroblast proliferation . Treatment of human neoplastic cells with dacarbazine both inhibits DNA synthesis and induces damage in the DNA . 
Lysis of cells in dilute alkali and subsequent electrophoretic analysis of the isolated DNA show that the DNA of treated cells includes a high molecular weight component and a population of 2-10-kilobase single-stranded DNA fragments while untreated cells contain only high molecular weight DNA . 
When DNA is pulse-labeled at the beginning of the dacarbazine treatment high amounts of small DNA fragments are seen but no labeled high molecular weight DNA . 
Moreover the DNA fragments are not formed in cells which are treated with aphidicolin before the addition of dacarbazine . 
Aphidicolin is a specific inhibitor of DNA polymerase alpha , the enzyme responsible for the replicative synthesis of DNA . 
We conclude that dacarbazine damages DNA only in cells which are synthesizing new DNA . Inhibitors of DNA methylation in the treatment of hematological malignancies and MDS . Phosphodiesterase-4 ( PDE4 ) is an important cAMP-metabolising enzyme in immune and inflammatory cells , airway smooth muscle and pulmonary nerves . 
The phosphodiesterase 4 ( PDE4 ) enzyme plays a significant role in modulating the activity of cAMP , an important second messenger that mediates the relaxation of airway smooth muscle and suppresses inflammatory cell function , thereby attenuating the inflammatory response . 
Selective inhibitors of this enzyme show a broad spectrum of activity in animal models of COPD and asthma . 
These drugs block the hydrolysis of cAMP via inhibition of PDE4 and are attractive candidates for novel anti-inflammatory drugs . 
At present , two second-generation PDE4 inhibitors for the treatment of COPD and asthma patients are being tested in clinical Phase III trials . 
The most advanced compound is the orally active , selective PDE4 inhibitor cilomilast ( Ariflo , SB-207499 , cis-4-cyano-4- [ 3-cyclopentyloxy-4-methoxyphenyl ] -cyclohexanecarboxylic acid; GlaxoSmithKline ) . 
Cilomilast shows high selectivity for cAMP-specific PDE4 , an isoenzyme that predominates in pro-inflammatory and immune cells and that is 10-fold more selective for PDE4D than for PDE4A , -B or -C . 
In vitro , cilomilast suppresses the activity of several pro-inflammatory and immune cells that have been implicated in the pathogenesis of asthma and COPD . 
Moreover , it is highly active in animal models of these diseases . 
Cilomilast has been shown to exert potent anti-inflammatory effects both in vitro and in vivo . 
It is orally active and may be effective in the treatment of asthma and COPD; however , complete assessment of the therapeutic value of this novel compound class must await the outcome of longer-term clinical trials . 
This review presents a summary of the preclinical and clinical profile of cilomilast in patients with COPD . Repressive Epigenetic Changes at the Mglu2 Promoter in Frontal Cortex of 5-HT2A Knockout Mice . The phenolic glucoside gastrodin , a main constituent of a Chinese traditional herbal medicine , has been known to display several biological and pharmacological properties . 
However , the role and precise molecular mechanisms explaining how gastrodin suppresses the inflammatory response in septic cardiac dysfunction are unknown . 
To study this , rat H9c2 cardiomyocytes were treated with gastrodin and / or lipopolysaccharide ( LPS ) . 
Our results showed that gastrodin treatment strongly suppressed nuclear factor-κB ( NF-κB ) and mitogen-activated protein kinases ( MAPKs ) family activation and upregulation of the expression of inducible nitric oxide synthase ( iNOS ) , cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) , tumor necrosis factor-α ( TNF-α ) , and interleukin-6 ( IL-6 ) in LPS-stimulated H9c2 cardiomyocytes . 
Simultaneously , gastrodin obviously upregulated the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase ( PI3-K ) / Akt signaling in a dose-dependent manner . 
However , wortmannin , a specific PI3-K inhibitor , blocked the inhibitory effects of gastrodin on LPS-stimulated H9c2 cardiomyocytes . 
Furthermore , PI3-K / Akt inhibition partially abolished the inhibitory effects of gastrodin on the phosphorylation of inhibitor κB-α ( IκB-α ) , extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1 / 2 ( ERK1 / 2 ) , c-Jun N-terminal protein kinase ( JNK ) , and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase ( p38 MAPK ) , and activity of NF-κB . 
Here we report activation of the PI3-K / Akt signaling by gastrodin and that inhibition of this pathway reverses the inhibitory effects of gastrodin on NF-κB and MAPKs activation in H9c2 cardiomyocytes . Development and validation of a high-throughput intrinsic ATPase activity assay for the discovery of MEKK2 inhibitors . Cytotoxic and Anti-Inflammatory Eunicellin-Based Diterpenoids from the Soft Coral Cladiella krempfi . This cocktail study evaluated the interaction potential of the oral lavender oil preparation silexan with major P450 ( cytochrome P450 ) enzymes . 
Subjects and Methods : Sixteen healthy male or female Caucasians completed this double-blind , randomized , 2-fold crossover study . 
Silexan ( 160 mg ) or placebo were administered once daily for 11 days . 
Additionally , on day 11 of both study periods , 150 mg caffeine ( CYP1A2 ) , 125 mg tolbutamide ( CYP2C9 ) , 20 mg omeprazole ( CYP2C19 ) , 30 mg dextromethorphan-HBr ( CYP2D6 ) , and 2 mg midazolam ( CYP3A4 ) were administered orally . 
Formal interaction was excluded if the 90% confidence interval ( CI ) for the silexan over placebo ratios for phenotyping metrics ( primary : AUC0-t ) was within a 0 . 70-1 . 43 range . 
Results : According to the AUC0-t comparisons , silexan had no relevant effect on CYP1A2 , 2C9 , 2D6 , and 3A4 activity . 
Secondary phenotyping metrics confirmed this result . 
Mean ratios for all omeprazole-derived metrics were close to unity . 
The 90% CI for the AUC0-t ratio of omeprazole but not for omeprazole / 5-OH-omeprazole plasma ratio 3 hours post-dose or omeprazole / 5-OH-omeprazole AUC0-t ratio ( secondary CYP2C19 metrics ) was above the predefined threshold of 1 . 43 , probably caused by the inherent high variability of omeprazole pharmacokinetics . 
Silexan and the phenotyping drugs were well tolerated . 
Repeated silexan ( 160 mg / day ) administration has no clinically relevant inhibitory or inducing effects on the CYP1A2 , 2C9 , 2C19 , 2D6 , and 3A4 enzymes in vivo . The molecular mechanism for the anti-inflammatory action of theophylline is currently unknown , but low-dose theophylline is an effective add-on therapy to corticosteroids in controlling asthma . 
Corticosteroids act , at least in part , by recruitment of histone deacetylases ( HDACs ) to the site of active inflammatory gene transcription . 
They thereby inhibit the acetylation of core histones that is necessary for inflammatory gene transcription . 
We show both in vitro and in vivo that low-dose theophylline enhances HDAC activity in epithelial cells and macrophages . 
This increased HDAC activity is then available for corticosteroid recruitment and predicts a cooperative interaction between corticosteroids and theophylline . 
This mechanism occurs at therapeutic concentrations of theophylline and is dissociated from phosphodiesterase inhibition ( the mechanism of bronchodilation ) or the blockade of adenosine receptors , which are partially responsible for its side effects . 
Thus we have shown that low-dose theophylline exerts an anti-asthma effect through increasing activation of HDAC which is subsequently recruited by corticosteroids to suppress inflammatory genes . Graphene with periodically patterned antidots has attracted intense research attention as it represents a facile route to open a bandgap for graphene electronics . 
However , not all graphene antidot lattices ( GALs ) can open a bandgap and a guiding rule is missing . 
Here , through systematic first-principles calculations , it is found that bandgaps in triangular GALs are surprisingly well defined by a chirality vector R = n a1 + ma2 connecting two neighboring antidots , where a1 and a2 are the basis vectors of graphene . 
The bandgap opens in the GALs with ( n-m ) mod3 = 0 but remains closed in those with ( n-m ) mod3 = ±1 , reminiscent of the gap-chirality rule in carbon nanotubes . 
Remarkably , the gap value in GALs allows ample modulation by adjusting the length of chirality vectors , shape and size of the antidots . 
The gap-chirality relation in GALs stems from the chirality-dependent atomic structures of GALs as revealed by a super-atom model as well as Clar sextet analyses . 
This chirality-dependent bandgap is further shown to be a generic behavior in any parallelogram GAL and thus serves as an essential stepping stone for experimenters to realize graphene devices by antidot engineering . Inhibition of monoamine oxidase by phthalide analogues . 1 . 
The profile of a range of alpha 1 adrenoceptor antagonists was determined in vitro against cloned human alpha 1A , alpha 1B and alpha 1D adrenoceptors and against noradrenaline-mediated contractions of rat aorta and human prostate . 
The in vivo profile of compounds was determined in an anaesthetized dog model which allowed the simultaneous assessment of antagonist potency against phenylephrine-mediated increases in blood pressure and prostatic pressure . 
2 . 
The quinazoline antagonists , prazosin , doxazosin and alfuzosin displayed high affinity but were non selective for the three cloned human alpha 1 adrenoceptors . 
Indoramin and SNAP 1069 showed selectivity for alpha 1A and alpha 1B adrenoceptors relative to the alpha 1D subtype . 
Rec 15 / 2739 , WB 4101 , SL 89 , 0591 , ( + ) - and ( - ) - tamsulosin showed selectivity for alpha 1A and alpha 1D adrenoceptors relative to the alpha 1B subtype . 
RS 17053 showed high affinity and selectivity for alpha 1A adrenoceptors ( pKi 8 . 6 ) relative to alpha 1B ( pKi = 7 . 3 ) and alpha 1D ( pKi = 7 . 1 ) subtypes . 
3 . 
( + ) -Tamsulosin , ( - ) -tamsulosin , SL 89 , 0591 , Rec 15 / 2739 , SNAP 1069 and RS 17053 appeared to act as competitive antagonists of noradrenaline-mediated contractions of rat aorta yielding pA2 affinity estimates which were similar to binding affinities at cloned human alpha 1D adrenoceptors . 
The following rank order was obtained : prazosin = ( - ) -tamsulosin > doxazosin > SL 89 , 0591 = ( + ) -tamsulosin > Rec 15 / 2739 > RS 17053 = SNAP 1069 . 
4 . 
( - ) -Tamsulosin was a very potent , insurmountable antagonist of noradrenaline-mediated contractions of human prostate , yielding an approximate pA2 estimate of 9 . 8 at 1 nM . 
The corresponding ( + ) -enantiomer was 30 fold weaker . 
SL 89 , 0591 , SNAP 1069 and Rec 15 / 2739 yielded pA2 estimates which compared well with their alpha 1A binding affinities . 
The affinity estimate for prazosin on human prostate was lower than the corresponding binding affinity determined at alpha 1A adrenoceptors and RS 17053 was a very weak antagonist on human prostate ( pA2 = 6 . 0 ) relative to the high affinity ( pKi = 8 . 6 ) determined at cloned human alpha 1A adrenoceptors . 
5 . 
In the anaesthetized dog , in vivo pseudo "pA2' values showed that doxazosin , ( + ) - and ( - ) -tamsulosin inhibited phenylephrine-induced increases in prostatic and blood pressure with similar affinity , implying that these agents show little or no selectivity for prostatic responses in this model . 
SL 89 , 0591 and SNAP 1069 were moderately selective ( 3 and 6 fold respectively ) for prostatic pressure relative to blood pressure . 
Rec 15 / 2739 was a more potent antagonist of phenylephrine-mediated increases in prostatic pressure ( "pA2' = 8 . 74 ) compared to blood pressure ( "pA2' = 7 . 51 ) . 
6 . 
Data in this study suggest that the alpha 1 adrenoceptor mediating noradrenaline-induced contractions of human prostate , whilst having some of the characteristics of an alpha 1A adrenoceptor , cannot be satisfactorily aligned with cloned alpha 1A , alpha 1B or alpha 1D adrenoceptors . 
In addition , studies in the anaesthetized dog have shown that agents having high affinity and selectivity for prostatic alpha 1 adrenoceptors , particularly over the alpha 1D subtype , appear to inhibit phenylephrine-induced increases in prostatic pressure selectively compared to blood pressure . Isoform-specific inhibition of L-type calcium channels by dihydropyridines is independent of isoform-specific gating properties . The catecholamines were found to inhibit the binding of the alpha 2-adrenoceptor agonist , [ 3H ] -clonidine , to the recombinant wild type alpha 2a-adrenoceptor ( Table 1 ) with potencies that are consistent with their functional activity in alpha 2-adrenoceptor test systems [ 6 , 7 ] . 
Mutation of Ser165 to alanine had no significant effect ( less than 2-fold ) on the affinity of any of the catecholamines for the alpha 2a-adrenoceptor , and in particular , the ratios of affinities between the corresponding ( - ) - and ( + ) -enantiomers of the catecholamines were not altered by the point mutation at Ser165 . 
These findings indicate clearly that Ser165 , in contrast to predictions made by molecular modeling , plays little if any role in the binding of the catecholamines in general , and cannot be involved in the attachment of the beta-hydroxyl group to the alpha 2a-adrenoceptor . 
Mutation of either Ser90 on transmembrane helix II or Ser419 on transmembrane helix VII to alanine produced dramatic and selective reductions in the affinity of the ( - ) -enantiomers of the catecholamines for the alpha 2a-adrenoceptor , with no changes occurring in affinities of the ( + ) -enantiomers . 
Thus , the affinities of ( - ) -norepinephrine and ( - ) -epinephrine for the Ser90 and Ser419 mutants of the alpha 2a-adrenoceptor were 35-75 fold lower than their affinities for the wild type receptor ( Table 1 ) , suggesting that Ser90 and / or Ser419 are involved in the attachment of the beta-hydroxyl groups of the catecholamines to the receptor . 
Similarly , the affinity of ( + / - ) -6-fluoronorepinephrine was reduced by 100-fold for the Ser90 mutant receptor ( Table 1 ) . 
Importantly , the affinities of the ( + ) -enantiomers of the catecholamines , as well as dopamine and epinine , which are the corresponding analogs of norepinephrine and epinephrine which lack the beta-hydroxyl group , were not affected by mutation of Ser90 or Ser419 to alanine ( Table 1 ) . 
Asn293 in transmembrane helix VI has also been proposed to be involved in the interaction of the beta-hydroxyl group of isoproterenol with the beta 2-adrenoceptor [ 4 ] . 
The alpha 2a-adrenoceptor contains three hydroxyl bearing amino acids at a position corresponding to this site ( Thr393-Tyr394-Thr395 ) . 
These amino acids could theoretically form a hydrogen bond with the beta-hydroxyl group of a catecholamine , and therefore could serve as a potential point of attachment . 
Simultaneous mutation of all three of these amino acids to Ala-Phe-Ala reduced the affinity of the ( - ) -enantiomers of the catecholamines by 12-20 fold , which is somewhat less than what was observed for mutation of either Ser90 or Ser419 ( Table 1 ) . 
However , in contrast to mutation of Ser90 or Ser419 , which had no effect on the affinity of the ( + ) -enantiomers , mutation of the three residues in transmembrane helix VI did significantly reduce the affinities of the ( + ) -enantiomers of the catecholamines by approximately 5- to 9-fold , indicating that mutations at these points of the receptor are not selective for the ( - ) -enantiomers , and are therefore not likely to be involved in the attachment of the beta-hydroxyl group of the catecholamines . Carvedilol enhances atrial and brain natriuretic peptide mRNA expression and release in rat heart . Berberine inhibits myofibroblast differentiation in nasal polyp-derived fibroblasts via the p38 pathway . In this study , we investigated the effect of dexamethasone on the synthesis of steroidogenic acute regulatory protein ( StAR ) and the expression of DAX-1 ( dosage sensitive sex reversal adrenal hypoplasia congenita critical region on the X chromosome , gene 1 ) and SF-1 ( steroidogenic factor-1 ) in vivo . 
Male rats were treated with dexamethasone ( 0 . 4 and 4 mg / kg body wt per day ) by intraperitoneal injections using phosphate-buffered saline as the vehicle for 7 d . 
At the end of 7 d , serum testosterone levels were decreased . 
Response to luteinizing hormone ( LH ) and 8-bromo-cyclic-AMP ( 8-Br-cAMP ) in vitro was reduced in testicular cells isolated from dexamethasone-treated rat testes . 
Dexamethasone decreased LH-stimulated cAMP production . 
The conversion of 22 ( R ) -hydroxycholesterol , pregnenolone , 17-hydroxypregnenolone , dehydroepiandrosterone , and androstenedione to testosterone was not affected by dexamethasone . 
Dexamethasone increased DAX-1 expression and concordantly decreased StAR protein and mRNA in testicular cells . 
The increase in DAX-1 protein corresponded to a 57% reduction in StAR mRNA levels concomitant with a 79% reduction in serum testosterone levels . 
Dexamethasone had no effect on the level of SF-1 , but increased the amount of complexed DAX-1-SF-1 . 
Dexamethasone in vitro suppressed StAR promoter activity when an increasing amount of DAX-1 cDNA was transfected . 
These results demonstrate that dexamethasone increases expression of DAX-1 , which results in increased amounts of complexed DAX-1-SF-1 , in the absence of any change in the expression of SF-1 . 
These observations strongly support the concept that dexamethasone suppresses rat testicular testosterone production , at least in part , by increasing the amount of complexed DAX-1-SF-1 in these cells , which leads directly to decreased availability of free SF-1 and , therefore , decreased activation of transcription of the rat StAR gene . Half a century ago , thalidomide was widely prescribed to pregnant women as a sedative but was found to be teratogenic , causing multiple birth defects . 
Today , thalidomide is still used in the treatment of leprosy and multiple myeloma , although how it causes limb malformation and other developmental defects is unknown . 
Here , we identified cereblon ( CRBN ) as a thalidomide-binding protein . 
CRBN forms an E3 ubiquitin ligase complex with damaged DNA binding protein 1 ( DDB1 ) and Cul4A that is important for limb outgrowth and expression of the fibroblast growth factor Fgf8 in zebrafish and chicks . 
Thalidomide initiates its teratogenic effects by binding to CRBN and inhibiting the associated ubiquitin ligase activity . 
This study reveals a basis for thalidomide teratogenicity and may contribute to the development of new thalidomide derivatives without teratogenic activity . Throughout the world many people use artificial sweeteners ( AS ) for the purpose of reducing caloric intake . 
The most prominently used of these molecules include saccharin , aspartame ( Nutrasweet ) , acesulfame-K , and cyclamate . 
Despite the caloric advantage they provide , one key concern in their use is their aversive aftertaste that has been characterized on a sensory level as bitter and / or metallic . 
Recently , it has been shown that the activation of particular T2R bitter taste receptors is partially involved with the bitter aftertaste sensation of saccharin and acesulfame-K . 
To more fully understand the biology behind these phenomena we have addressed the question of whether AS could stimulate transient receptor potential vanilloid-1 ( TRPV1 ) receptors , as these receptors are activated by a large range of structurally different chemicals . 
Moreover , TRPV1 receptors and / or their variants are found in taste receptor cells and in nerve terminals throughout the oral cavity . 
Hence , TRPV1 activation could be involved in the AS aftertaste or even contribute to the poorly understood metallic taste sensation . 
Using Ca ( 2 + ) imaging on TRPV1 receptors heterologously expressed in the human embryonic kidney ( HEK ) 293 cells and on dissociated primary sensory neurons , we find that in both systems , AS activate TRPV1 receptors , and , moreover , they sensitize these channels to acid and heat . 
We also found that TRPV1 receptors are activated by CuSO ( 4 ) , ZnSO ( 4 ) , and FeSO ( 4 ) , three salts known to produce a metallic taste sensation . 
In summary , our results identify a novel group of compounds that activate TRPV1 and , consequently , provide a molecular mechanism that may account for off tastes of sweeteners and metallic tasting salts . Lithium modulates desensitization of the glutamate receptor subtype gluR3 in Xenopus oocytes . Microtubule network is required for insulin-induced signal transduction and actin remodeling . Fibrates and glitazones are two classes of drugs currently used in the treatment of dyslipidemia and insulin resistance ( IR ) , respectively . 
Whereas glitazones are insulin sensitizers acting via activation of the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor ( PPAR ) gamma subtype , fibrates exert their lipid-lowering activity via PPARalpha . 
To determine whether PPARalpha activators also improve insulin sensitivity , we measured the capacity of three PPARalpha-selective agonists , fenofibrate , ciprofibrate , and the new compound GW9578 , in two rodent models of high fat diet-induced ( C57BL / 6 mice ) or genetic ( obese Zucker rats ) IR . 
At doses yielding serum concentrations shown to activate selectively PPARalpha , these compounds markedly lowered hyperinsulinemia and , when present , hyperglycemia in both animal models . 
This effect relied on the improvement of insulin action on glucose utilization , as indicated by a lower insulin peak in response to intraperitoneal glucose in ciprofibrate-treated IR obese Zucker rats . 
In addition , fenofibrate treatment prevented high fat diet-induced increase of body weight and adipose tissue mass without influencing caloric intake . 
The specificity for PPARalpha activation in vivo was demonstrated by marked alterations in the expression of PPARalpha target genes , whereas PPARgamma target gene mRNA levels did not change in treated animals . 
These results indicate that compounds with a selective PPARalpha activation profile reduce insulin resistance without having adverse effects on body weight and adipose tissue mass in animal models of IR . TCF7L2 Variation and Proliferative Diabetic Retinopathy . Little is known concerning the possible contribution of T helper 2 ( Th2 ) -type cytokines to the recruitment of neutrophils into the lung tissue . 
In the present study , endothelial cells from equine pulmonary arteries were cultured in the presence of recombinant equine ( re ) IL-4 and reIL-5 , and the cytokine mRNA expression of molecules implicated in the chemotaxis and migration of neutrophils was studied using real-time RT-PCR . 
The functional response of reIL-4-induced endothelial cell stimulation on neutrophil migration was also studied using a chemotaxis chamber . 
ReIL-4 either increased the expression of CXCL-8 , E-selectin , vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) , and inducible nitric oxide synthase ( iNOS ) , or potentiated the coeffects of lipopolysaccharide ( LPS ) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha ( TNF-alpha ) on CXCL-8 . 
Supernatants collected from cultured endothelial cells stimulated with reIL-4 significantly promoted neutrophil migration in a dose-dependent manner . 
Dexamethasone ( DXM ) decreased the expression of CXCL-8 , VEGF , and iNOS induced by reIL-4 , while 1400W dihydrochloride ( 1400W ) , a selective inhibitor of iNOS , decreased the expression of E-selectin , VEGF , and iNOS . 
DXM and 1400W attenuated the mRNA expression of E-selectin and iNOS induced by the costimulation of reIL-4 , reTNF-alpha , and LPS . 
Neither equine nor human recombinant IL-5 influenced the mRNA expression of CXCL-8 , E-selectin , or VEGF . 
These findings suggest that Th2-type cytokines may contribute to pulmonary neutrophilia during allergic inflammation by the increased expression of neutrophil chemokines and adhesion molecules by endothelial cells . 
DXM and the iNOS inhibitors may decrease pulmonary neutrophilia due , in part , to a direct inhibition of some of these factors . Interaction of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( NSAID ) with Helicobacter pylori in the stomach of humans and experimental animals . Investigational anti-hyperglycemic agents : the future of type 2 diabetes Liver X receptors : Emerging therapeutic targets for Alzheimer's disease . 1 . 
A fast , straightforward and cost-effective assay was validated for the assessment of CYP induction in cryopreserved human hepatocytes cultured in 48-well plates . 
The cocktail strategy ( in situ incubation ) was used to assess the induction of CYP1A2 , CYP2B6 , CYP2C9 and CYP3A4 by using the recommended probe substrate , i . 
e . 
phenacetin , bupropion , diclofenac and midazolam , respectively . 
2 . 
Cryopreserved human hepatocytes were treated for 72 h with prototypical reference inducers , β-naphthoflavone ( 25 µM ) , phenobarbital ( 500 µM ) and rifampicin ( 10 µM ) as positive controls for CYP induction . 
The use of a cocktail strategy has been validated and compared to the classical approach ( single incubation ) . 
The need of using phase II inhibitor ( salicylamide ) in CYP induction assay was also investigated . 
3 . 
By using three different batches of cryopreserved human hepatocytes and our conditions of incubations , we showed that there was no relevant drug-drug interaction using the cocktail strategy . 
The same conclusions were observed when a broad range of enzyme activity has to be assessed ( wide range of reference inducers , i . 
e . 
EC50-Emax experiment ) . 
In addition , the interassay reproducibility assessment showed that the day-to-day variability was minimal . 
4 . 
In summary , the study showed that the conditions used ( probe substrates , concentration of probe substrate and time of incubation ) for the cocktail approach were appropriate for investigations of CYP induction potential of new chemical entities . 
In addition , it was also clear that the use of salicylamide in the incubation media was not mandatory and could generate drug-drug interactions . 
For this reason , we recommend to not use salicylamide in CYP induction assay . Truncated ErbB2 receptor ( p95ErbB2 ) is regulated by heregulin through heterodimer formation with ErbB3 yet remains sensitive to the dual EGFR / ErbB2 kinase inhibitor GW572016 . 1 . 
Previous studies suggested that endothelin-1 ( ET-1 ) may play a role in myocardial ischaemia and reperfusion . 
This study was designed to test the effect of a new nonpeptide antagonist of endothelin ETA and ETB receptors , bosentan , on myocardial infarct size , ventricular arrhythmias , and coronary endothelial dysfunction after ischaemia and reperfusion . 
2 . 
Anaesthetized male Wistar rats were subjected to 20 min ischaemia ( left coronary artery occlusion ) followed by 1 h ( for the evaluation of coronary endothelial dysfunction ) or 2 h ( for the evaluation of infarct size ) reperfusion , or 5 min ischaemia followed by 15 min reperfusion ( for the evaluation of reperfusion arrhythmias ) . 
Vascular studies were performed on 1 . 5-2 mm coronary segments ( internal diameter 250-300 microns ) removed distal to the site of occlusion and mounted in wire myographs for isometric tension recording . 
Area at risk and infarct size were determined by Indian ink injection and triphenyl tetrazolium staining , using computerized analysis of enlarged sections after colour video acquisition . 
3 . 
Bosentan , administered at a dose which virtually abolished the pressor response to big ET-1 ( 3 mg kg-1 , i . 
v . 
before ischaemia ) did not affect heart rate , arterial pressure or the rate pressure product before ischaemia , during ischaemia and during reperfusion . 
Bosentan did not affect the incidence of reperfusion-induced ventricular fibrillation ( controls : 86% , n = 14; bosentan : 93% , n = 15 ) , and did not modify infarct size ( % of area at risk : controls : 63 + / - 4 , n = 10; bosentan : 60 + / - 6 , n = 8 ) . 
Ischaemia followed by reperfusion markedly reduced the endothelium-dependent relaxations to acetylcholine ( maximal response : sham : 59 + / - 4% , n = 9; ischaemia-reperfusion : 26 + / - 6% , n = 8; P<0 . 01 ) , characteristic of reperfusion-induced endothelial dysfunction , and this dysfunction was not prevented by bosentan ( maximal response to acetylcholine : 25 + / -5% , n = 9; P<0 . 01 vs sham; P = NS vs ischaemia / reperfusion ) . 4 . 
These experiments suggest that endogenous endothelin does not contribute to myocyte or coronary endothelial injury in this rat model of ischaemia and reperfusion . 5-Hydroxy-3 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 3'4'-hexamethoxyflavone inhibits nitric oxide production in lipopolysaccharide-stimulated BV2 microglia via NF-κB suppression and Nrf-2-dependent heme oxygenase-1 induction . Peroxynitrite mediates testosterone-induced vasodilation of microvascular resistance vessels . Design , synthesis , and in-vivo evaluation of 4 , 5-diaryloxazole as novel nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug . Catalpol inhibits LPS plus IFN-γ-induced inflammatory response in astrocytes primary cultures . Galantamine--a novel cholinergic drug with a unique dual mode of action for the treatment of patients with Alzheimer's disease . Effect of excipients on acetaminophen metabolism and its implications for prevention of liver injury . Apoptosis induced neurotoxicity of Di-n-butyl-di- ( 4-chlorobenzohydroxamato ) Tin ( IV ) via mitochondria-mediated pathway in PC12 cells . Variations of progesterone receptor and c-fos gene expression in the rat uterus after treatment with norethisterone and its A-ring reduced metabolites . Loss of the cell adhesion protein E-cadherin increases the invasive capability of ovarian cancer cells . 
We have previously shown that epidermal growth factor ( EGF ) downregulates E-cadherin and induces ovarian cancer cell invasion through the H ( 2 ) O ( 2 ) / p38 MAPK-mediated upregulation of the E-cadherin transcriptional repressor Snail . 
However , the molecular mechanisms underlying the EGF-induced downregulation of E-cadherin are not fully understood . 
In the current study , we demonstrated that treatment of two ovarian cancer cell lines , SKOV3 and OVCAR5 , with EGF induced the expression of the transcription factor Egr-1 , and this induction was abolished by small interfering RNA ( siRNA ) -mediated depletion of the EGF receptor . 
EGF-induced Egr-1 expression required the activation of the ERK1 / 2 and PI3K / Akt signaling pathways and was unrelated to EGF-induced H ( 2 ) O ( 2 ) production and activation of the p38 MAPK pathway . 
Moreover , depletion of Egr-1 with siRNA abolished the EGF-induced downregulation of E-cadherin and increased cell invasion . 
Interestingly , siRNA depletion of Egr-1 attenuated the EGF-induced expression of Slug , but not that of Snail . 
Moreover , chromatin immunoprecipitation ( ChIP ) analysis showed that Slug is a target gene of Egr-1 . 
These results provide evidence that Egr-1 is a mediator that is involved in the EGF-induced downregulation of E-cadherin and increased cell invasion . 
Our results also demonstrate that EGF activates two independent signaling pathways , which are the H ( 2 ) O ( 2 ) / p38 MAPK-mediated upregulation of Snail expression and the Egr-1-mediated upregulation of Slug expression . 
These two signaling pathways contribute to the EGF-induced downregulation of E-cadherin , which subsequently increases the invasive capability of ovarian cancer cells . Droplet Digital™ PCR quantitation of HER2 expression in FFPE breast cancer samples . RNA editing is one of the post-transcriptional processes that commonly occur in plant plastids and mitochondria . 
In Arabidopsis , 34 C-to-U RNA editing events , affecting transcripts of 18 plastid genes , have been identified . 
Here , we examined the editing and expression of these transcripts in different organs , and in green and non-green seedlings ( etiolated , cia5-2 , ispF and ispG albino mutants , lincomycin- , and norflurazon-treated ) . 
The editing efficiency of Arabidopsis plastid transcripts varies from site to site , and may be specifically regulated in different tissues . 
Steady state levels of plastid transcripts are low or undetectable in etiolated seedlings , but most editing sites are edited with efficiencies similar to those observed in green seedlings . 
By contrast , the editing of some sites is completely lost or significantly reduced in other non-green tissues; for instance , the editing of ndhB-149 , ndhB-1255 , and ndhD-2 is completely lost in roots and in lincomycin-treated seedlings . 
The editing of ndhD-2 is also completely lost in albino mutants and norflurazon-treated seedlings . 
However , matK-640 is completely edited , and accD-794 , atpF-92 , psbE-214 , psbF-77 , psbZ-50 , and rps14-50 are completely or highly edited in both green and non-green tissues . 
In addition , the expression of nucleus-encoded RNA polymerase dependent transcripts is specifically induced by lincomycin , and the splicing of ndhB transcripts is significantly reduced in the albino mutants and inhibitor-treated seedlings . 
Our results indicate that plastid gene expression , and the splicing and editing of plastid transcripts are specifically and differentially regulated in various types of non-green tissues . Surface expression of ASIC2 inhibits the amiloride-sensitive current and migration of glioma cells . RATIONALE : Denufosol tetrasodium is a selective P2Y ( 2 ) agonist that enhances mucosal hydration and mucus clearance by activating Cl ( - ) secretion and inhibiting epithelial Na ( + ) transport through a non-cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator mechanism in the lung . 
OBJECTIVES : To examine the safety and efficacy of 28 days of treatment with denufosol compared with placebo in patients with mild cystic fibrosis . 
METHODS : The study was a randomized , double-blind , multi-center , 28-day , phase 2 clinical trial of denufosol tetrasodium inhalation solution ( 20 , 40 , or 60 mg ) versus placebo ( normal saline ) . 
Patients with screening FEV ( 1 ) >or = 75% of predicted normal value and not treated with inhaled antibiotics for the past 30 days were randomized to receive one of three doses of denufosol or placebo administered three times daily . 
MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS : Eighty-nine patients were randomized and received the study drug , 94% completed the study , and 98% were compliant with dosing . 
All treatments were generally well tolerated , with no dose-response trends observed with respect to safety parameters . 
The most common adverse event was cough ( 52% of placebo patients and 47% of denufosol patients ) . 
Five patients discontinued early due to adverse events , two on placebo and three on denufosol . 
Denufosol patients ( pooling active doses ) had significantly higher changes from baseline in FEV ( 1 ) ( P = 0 . 006 ) , FEF ( 25%-75% ) ( P = 0 . 008 ) , FVC ( P = 0 . 022 ) , and FEV ( 1 ) / FVC ( P = 0 . 047 ) than placebo patients at the end of the study . 
CONCLUSIONS : Denufosol administered three times daily for 28 days appeared to be safe and well tolerated in this population with mild cystic fibrosis and provided preliminary evidence of potential benefit in lung function . Non-classical Pharmacology of the Dopamine Transporter : Atypical Inhibitors , Allosteric Modulators and Partial Substrates . Cobalamin nonresponsive methylmalonic acidemia ( MMA , mut complementation class ) results from mutations in the nuclear gene MUT , which codes for the mitochondrial enzyme methylmalonyl CoA mutase ( MCM ) . 
To better elucidate the spectrum of mutations that cause MMA , the MUT gene was sequenced in 160 patients with mut MMA . 
Sequence analysis identified mutations in 96% of disease alleles . 
Mutations were found in all coding exons , but predominantly in exons 2 , 3 , 6 , and 11 . 
A total of 116 different mutations , 68 of which were novel , were identified . 
Of the 116 different mutations , 53% were missense mutations , 22% were deletions , duplications or insertions , 16% were nonsense mutations , and 9% were splice-site mutations . 
Sixty-one of the mutations have only been identified in one family . 
A novel mutation in exon 2 , c . 322C>T ( p . 
R108C ) , was identified in 16 of 27 Hispanic patients . 
SNP genotyping data demonstrated that Hispanic patients with this mutation share a common haplotype . 
Three other mutations were seen exclusively in Hispanic patients : c . 280G>A ( p . 
G94R ) , c . 1022dupA , and c . 970G>A ( p . 
A324T ) . 
Seven mutations were seen almost exclusively in black patients , including the previously reported c . 2150G>T ( p . 
G717V ) mutation , which was identified in 12 of 29 black patients . 
Two mutations were seen only in Asian patients . 
Some frequently identified mutations were not population-specific and were identified in patients of various ethnic backgrounds . 
Some of these mutations were found in mutation clusters in exons 2 , 3 , 6 , and 11 , suggesting a recurrent mutation . Levels of PAH-DNA adducts in placental tissue and the risk of fetal neural tube defects in a Chinese population . Vinclozolin : A case study on the identification of endocrine active substances in the past and a future perspective . Effects of the antidepressant / antipanic drug phenelzine on alanine and alanine transaminase in rat brain . Binding of antipsychotic drugs at alpha 1A- and alpha 1B-adrenoceptors : risperidone is selective for the alpha 1B-adrenoceptors . Pharmacological characterization of almotriptan : an indolic 5-HT receptor agonist for the treatment of migraine . Prescription of antiepileptics and the risk of road traffic crash . The severe toxicity of antitumor organotin ( IV ) compounds limits their application in clinic , however , the toxic mechanism is still unclear . 
Di-n-butyl-di- ( 4-chlorobenzohydroxamato ) Tin ( IV ) ( DBDCT ) , an antitumor agent with high activity and obvious neurotoxicity was chosen as a typical diorganotin ( IV ) compound to investigate its neurotoxic mechanism using PC12 cells and comprehensive methods . 
Treatment with DBDCT resulted in a dose- and time-dependent growth inhibition of PC12 cells . 
The changes in cell morphology were observed using light microscopy , fluorescence microscopy and transmission electron microscopy . 
PC12 cell apoptosis induced by DBDCT was confirmed by annexin V / propidium iodide staining , and characterized by cleavage of caspase-9 and caspase-3 proteins . 
DBDCT induced the release of cytochrome c from the mitochondria to the cytosol and the generation of reactive oxygen species . 
DBDCT up-regulated the expression of Bax , down-regulated the expression of Bcl-2 , and significantly increased the ratio of Bax / Bcl-2 . 
DBDCT also caused the phosphorylation of JNK and p38 ( MAPK ) . 
In rats exposed to DBDCT , apoptosis was also observed in brain , as shown by the detection of cleaved caspase-9 and caspase-3 proteins and increased TUNEL positive staining . 
In conclusion , the results demonstrated that DBDCT caused the neurotoxicity by inducing apoptosis via mitochondria-mediated pathway . Characteristics of the binding of phenoxybenzamine to calmodulin . Reduction of oral ethanol self-administration in rats by monoamine oxidase inhibitors . Despite the availability of melanoma treatment at the primary site , the recurrence of local melanoma can metastasize to any distant organ . 
Currently , the available therapies for the treatment of metastatic melanoma are of limited benefit . 
Thus , the functional analysis of conventional therapies may help to improve their efficiency in the treatment of metastatic melanoma . 
In the present study , the exposure of melanoma cells to vinblastine was found to trigger apoptosis as evidenced by the loss of mitochondrial membrane potential , the release of both cytochrome c and apoptosis inducing factor , activation of caspase-9 and 3 , and cleavage of Poly ( ADP-ribose ) -Polymerase . 
Also , vinblastine enhances the phosphorylation of Ras homologous protein A , the accumulation of reactive oxygen species , the release of intracellular Ca ( 2 + ) , as well as the activation of apoptosis signal-regulating kinase 1 , c-jun-N-terminal kinase , p38 , inhibitor of kappaBα ( IκBα ) kinase , and inositol requiring enzyme 1α . 
In addition , vinblastine induces the DNA-binding activities of the transcription factor NF-κB , HSF1 , AP-1 , and ATF-2 , together with the expression of HSP70 and Bax proteins . 
Moreover , inhibitory experiments addressed a central role for Rho A in the regulation of vinblastine-induced apoptosis of melanoma cells via mitochondrial and non-mitochondrial-dependent mechanisms . 
In conclusion , the present study addresses for the first time a central role for Rho A in the modulation of vinblastine-induced apoptosis of melanoma cells and thereby provides an insight into the molecular action of vinblastine in melanoma treatment . Jostling for position : optimizing linker location in the design of estrogen receptor-targeting PROTACs . Bipolar disorder ( BD ) is a debilitating psychiatric disease characterized by alternating episodes of mania and depression . 
Among mood stabilizers , lithium is the mainstay for the treatment of BD , with approximately one-third of patients showing remission from episode recurrence . 
While there is evidence suggesting genetic load for lithium response in BD , its molecular underpinnings are still not completely understood . 
To identify genes potentially involved in ( or correlated with ) lithium response , we carried out a genome-wide expression analysis on lymphoblastoid cell lines ( LCLs ) from 10 BD patients responders ( R ) and 10 non-responders ( NR ) to lithium . 
We compared expression levels of the two groups and tested whether in vitro lithium treatment had different effects in LCLs of R compared to NR . 
At basal , 2060 genes were differentially expressed between R and NR while no genes were differentially regulated by lithium in the two groups . 
After pathway analysis based on the 2060 genes , 9 genes were selected for validation with qRT-PCR . 
Eight genes were validated in the same sample of LCLs while only insulin-like growth factor 1 ( IGF-1 ) was significantly over-expressed in R compared to NR in the same sample as well as in an independent sample comprised of 6 R and 6 NR ( sample 1 , fold change = 1 . 94; p = 0 . 005; sample 2 , fold change = 2 . 21; p = 0 . 005 ) . 
IGF-1 was also significantly over-expressed in R but not in NR when compared to a sample of non-psychiatric controls . 
Our findings suggest that IGF-1 may be involved in lithium response , supporting further investigation on its potential as a biomarker . Adapalene , a synthetic retinoid , is a new drug proposed for the treatment of acne patients . 
Studies on the in vitro and in vivo pharmacology of adapalene have shown that it is very active on cell and tissue proliferation and differentiation . 
Furthermore , adapalene has anti-inflammatory potential as determined by its anti-AP1 activity . 
Adapalene interacts selectively with the nuclear receptors RAR beta and RAR gamma , and its activity on proliferation and differentiation can be blocked by a RAR beta-gamma antagonist . 
Because RAR beta is not expressed in human keratinocytes , the effect of adapalene on the major cell type of the epidermis is certainly mediated by its interaction with RAR gamma . 
The unique pharmacological properties of adapalene may explain why , when compared to tretinoin , it has an improved therapeutic ratio due to its better tolerance . Amino acid sequence alignments of cholinesterases revealed that 6 of 14 aromatic amino acid residues lining the active center gorge of acetylcholinesterase are replaced by aliphatic amino acid residues in butyrylcholinesterase . 
The Y337 ( F330 ) in mammalian acetylcholinesterase , which is replaced by A328 in human butyrylcholinesterase , is implicated in the binding of ligands such as huperzine A , edrophonium , and acridines and one end of bisquaternary compounds such as BW284C51 and decamethonium . 
Y337 may sterically hinder the binding of phenothiazines such as ethopropazine , which contains a bulky exocyclic substitution . 
Inhibition studies of ( - ) -huperzine A with human butyrylcholinesterase mutants , where A328 ( KI = 194 . 6 microM ) was modified to either F ( KI = 0 . 6 microM , as in Torpedo acetylcholinesterase ) or Y ( KI = 0 . 032 microM , as in mammalian acetylcholinesterase ) , confirmed previous observations made with acetylcholinesterase mutants that this residue is important for binding huperzine A . 
Inhibition studies of ethopropazine with butyrylcholinesterase mutants , where A328 ( KI = 0 . 18 microM ) was modified to either F ( KI = 0 . 82 microM ) or Y ( KI = 0 . 28 microM ) , suggested that A328 was not solely responsible for the selectivity of ethopropazine . 
Volume calculations for the active site gorge showed that the poor inhibitory activity of ethopropazine toward acetylcholinesterase was due to the smaller dimension of the active site gorge which was unable to accommodate the bulky inhibitor molecule . 
The volume of the butyrylcholinesterase active site gorge is approximately 200 A3 larger than that of the acetylcholinesterase gorge , which allows the accommodation of ethopropazine in two different orientations as demonstrated by rigid-body refinement and molecular dynamics calculations . MORAb-003 , a fully humanized monoclonal antibody against the folate receptor alpha , for the potential treatment of epithelial ovarian cancer . Design , Synthesis and Biological Evaluation of Aminoalkylindole Derivatives as Cannabinoid Receptor Ligands with Potential for Treatment of Alcohol Abuse . Phenothiazines inhibit S100A4 function by inducing protein oligomerization . Superparamagnetic Hollow Hybrid Nanogels as a Potential Guidable Vehicle System of Stimuli-Mediated MR Imaging and Multiple Cancer Therapeutics . Nilotinib for the frontline treatment of Ph ( + ) chronic myeloid leukemia . Mibefradil is a T-type Ca2 + channel antagonist with reported cross-reactivity with other classes of ion channels , including K + , Cl- , and Na + channels . 
Using whole-cell voltage clamp , we examined mibefradil block of four Na + channel isoforms expressed in human embryonic kidney cells : Nav1 . 5 ( cardiac ) , Nav1 . 4 ( skeletal muscle ) , Nav1 . 2 ( brain ) , and Nav1 . 7 ( peripheral nerve ) . 
Mibefradil blocked Nav1 . 5 in a use / frequency-dependent manner , indicating preferential binding to states visited during depolarization . 
Mibefradil blocked currents of all Na + channel isoforms with similar affinity and a dependence on holding potential , and drug off-rate was slowed at depolarized potentials ( k ( off ) was 0 . 024 / s at -130 mV and 0 . 007 / s at -100 mV for Nav1 . 5 ) . 
We further probed the interaction of mibefradil with inactivated Nav1 . 5 channels . 
Neither the degree nor the time course of block was dependent on the stimulus duration , which dramatically changed the residency time of channels in the fast-inactivated state . 
In addition , inhibiting the binding of the fast inactivation lid ( Nav1 . 5 ICM + MTSET ) did not alter mibefradil block , confirming that the drug does not preferentially interact with the fast-inactivated state . 
We also tested whether mibefradil interacted with slow-inactivated state ( s ) . 
When selectively applied to channels after inducing slow inactivation with a 60-s pulse to -10 mV , mibefradil ( 1 microM ) produced 45% fractional block in Nav1 . 5 and greater block ( 88% ) in an isoform ( Nav1 . 4 ) that slow-inactivates more completely . 
Our results suggest that mibefradil blocks Na + channels in a state-dependent manner that does not depend on fast inactivation but probably involves interaction with one or more slow-inactivated state ( s ) . Ifenprodil is an allosteric inhibitor of GluN1 / GluN2B N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors . 
Despite its widespread use as a prototype for drug development and a subtype-selective tool for physiologic experiments , its precise effect on GluN1 / GluN2B gating is yet to be fully understood . 
Interestingly , recent crystallographic evidence identified that ifenprodil , unlike zinc , binds at the interface of the GluN1 / GluN2B amino terminal domain dimer by an induced-fit mechanism . 
To delineate the effect of this unique binding on GluN1 / GluN2B receptor gating , we recorded steady-state currents from cell-attached and outside-out patches . 
At pH 7 . 9 in cell-attached patches , ifenprodil increased the occupancy of the long-lived shut conformations , thereby reducing the open probability of the receptor with no change in the mean open time . 
In addition , ifenprodil selectively affected the area of shut time constants , but not the time constants themselves . 
Kinetic analyses suggested that ifenprodil prevents the transition of the receptor to an open state and increases its dwell time in an intrinsically occurring closed conformation or desensitized state . 
We found distinct differences in the action of ifenprodil at GluN1 / GluN2B in comparison with previous studies on the effect of zinc on GluN1 / GluN2A gating , which may arise due to their unique binding sites . 
Our data also uncover the potential pH-dependent action of ifenprodil on gating . 
At a low pH ( pH 7 . 4 ) , but not pH 7 . 9 , ifenprodil reduces the mean open time of GluN1 / GluN2B receptors , which may be responsible for its usefulness as a context-dependent inhibitor in conditions like ischemia and stroke , when the pH of the extracellular milieu becomes acidic . Cavity Ringdown Spectroscopy of the Hydroxy-Methyl-Peroxy Radical . Xestospongin C induces monocytic differentiation of HL60 cells through activation of the ERK pathway . Adipocyte fatty acid binding protein ( AFABP , also known as aP2 and FABP4 ) has recently been introduced as a novel fat-derived circulating protein . 
AFABP serum concentrations are positively correlated with markers of the metabolic syndrome and vascular disease in various cross-sectional and interventional studies . 
Furthermore , a small set of prospective studies indicates that high AFABP serum levels at baseline predict the risk for metabolic and vascular morbidity and mortality . 
Studies in Afabp ( also known as Fabp4 ) knockout mice and AFABP inhibitor-treated animals suggest that total AFABP promotes insulin resistance , hypertriacylglycerolaemia and atherosclerosis by ligand / ligand delivery , as well as ligand-independent mechanisms . 
In contrast , the pathophysiological significance of circulating AFABP and the mechanisms leading to its release remain to be established . 
The current review summarises recent findings on the regulation and potential role of AFABP in metabolic and vascular disease . Drug-drug interactions between rosuvastatin and oral antidiabetic drugs occurring at the level of OATP1B1 . Background : Epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition ( EMT ) has been thought to play a critical role in invasion and metastasis of cancer and to be associated with cancer stem cell ( CSC ) properties . 
It is not clear if there is a link between EMT and CSCs in thyroid cancers . 
We therefore investigated CSC properties of thyroid cancers that underwent EMT . 
Method : To induce EMT ( spindle-like cell morphology , loss and acquisition of expression of an epithelial marker E-cadherin and a mesenchymal marker vimentin , respectively ) in an epithelial type thyroid cancer cell line ACT-1 , we used transforming growth factor-beta ( TGF-beta ) , BRAFV600E and / or Snail homolog 1 ( SNAI1 , also known as SNAIL ) . 
CSC properties were analyzed with assays for cell proliferation , chemosensitivity , in vitro and in vivo tumor formation ability , cell surface antigens and intracellular aldehyde dehydrogenase ( ALDH; a known CSC marker ) activities . 
Results : EMT was induced most efficiently by SNAIL ( ACT-SNAIL cells ) , whereas TGF-beta and BRAFV600E were less efficient . 
ACT-SNAIL cells showed slightly but significantly enhanced tumor formation ability in in vitro sphere assay ( ~3 fold ) but not in vivo subcutaneous tumor growth assay , and showed comparable chemosensitivity , as compared to the parental ACT-1 cells . 
However , of interest , although in vitro sphere formation ability of ALDH + cells was almost unchanged after SNAIL induction , SNAIL overexpression induced much higher ( ~14 fold ) spheres in ALDH- cells . 
Thus , ALDH was no longer a CSC marker in ACT-SNAIL cells . 
Conclusions : All these data indicate that EMT confers CSC properties in ALDH- cells and appears to influence the ability of ALDH to enrich CSCs . Mechanism of right precordial ST-segment elevation in structural heart disease : excitation failure by current-to-load mismatch . We have developed two parallel series , A and B , of CX3CR1 antagonists for the treatment of multiple sclerosis . 
By modifying the substituents on the 7-amino-5-thio-thiazolo [ 4 , 5-d ] pyrimidine core structure , we were able to achieve compounds with high selectivity for CX3CR1 over the closely related CXCR2 receptor . 
The structure-activity relationships showed that a leucinol moiety attached to the core-structure in the 7-position together with α-methyl branched benzyl derivatives in the 5-position displayed promising affinity , and selectivity as well as physicochemical properties , as exemplified by compounds 18a and 24h . 
We show the preparation of the first potent and selective orally available CX3CR1 antagonists . Inhibition of protein tyrosine phosphatases in spinal dorsal horn attenuated inflammatory pain by repressing Src signaling . We examined the ability of oxidation products of dopamine , DOPA , and 3 , 4-dihydroxyphenylacetic acid ( DOPAC ) to inhibit proteasomal activity . 
Dopamine , DOPA , and DOPAC underwent tyrosinase-catalyzed oxidation to generate aminochrome , dopachrome , and furanoquinone , respectively . 
In these studies , the oxidation of dopamine by tyrosinase generated product ( s ) that inhibited the proteasome , and proteasomal inhibition correlated with the presence of the UV-visible spectrum of aminochrome . 
The addition of superoxide dismutase and catalase did not prevent proteasomal inhibition . 
The addition of NADH and the quinone reductase NAD ( P ) H : quinone oxidoreductase 1 ( NQO1 ) protected against aminochrome-induced proteasome inhibition . 
Although NQO1 protected against dopamine-induced proteasomal inhibition , the metabolism of aminochrome by NQO1 led to oxygen uptake because of the generation of a redox-labile cyclized hydroquinone , further demonstrating the lack of involvement of oxygen radicals in proteasomal inhibition . 
DOPA underwent tyrosinase-catalyzed oxidation to form dopachrome , and similar to aminochrome , proteasomal inhibition correlated with the presence of a dopachrome UV-visible spectrum . 
The inclusion of NQO1 did not protect against proteasomal inhibition induced by dopachrome . 
Oxidation of DOPAC by tyrosinase generated furanoquinone , which was a poor proteasome inhibitor . 
These studies demonstrate that oxidation products , including cyclized quinones derived from dopamine and related compounds , rather than oxygen radicals have the ability to inhibit the proteasome . 
They also suggest an important protective role for NQO1 in protecting against dopamine-induced proteasomal inhibition . 
The ability of endogenous intermediates formed during dopaminergic metabolism to cause proteasomal inhibition provides a potential basis for the selectivity of dopaminergic neuron damage in Parkinson's disease . Cobalamin-C ( cblC ) disease is a rare autosomal recessive disorder due to defective intracellular cobalamin metabolism . 
There are few ( 13 ) reported patients of the late-onset presentation of cblC disease with paucity of detailed clinical descriptions . 
This results in this condition being easily missed . 
In this report , we describe clinical and biochemical findings of two unrelated patients with late-onset cblC disease who presented with neuropsychiatric symptoms . 
Serial MRI images are provided for one of these patients . 
Presumptive diagnosis was made with urine and plasma biochemical markers and confirmed with fibroblast analysis . 
These patients illustrate the challenging diagnosis of this disease and also report on the rare associated findings of vasculopathy and mitochondrial respiratory chain dysfunction . 
Mutation analysis of the MMACHC gene showed that both patients were homozygous for 394C --> T which suggests a founder effect . Genetic association study of WNT10B polymorphisms with BMD and adiposity parameters in Danish and Belgian males . The mannose 6-phosphate-binding sites of M6P / IGF2R determine its capacity to suppress matrix invasion by squamous cell carcinoma cells . A series of substituted ortho-carboranylphenoxyacetanilides were synthesized and evaluated for their ability to inhibit hypoxia-induced HIF-1 transcriptional activity using a cell-based reporter assay in HeLa cells expressing the HRE-dependent firefly luciferase reporter construct ( HRE-Luc ) and constitutively expressing CMV-driven Renilla luciferase reporter , and their ability to inhibit cell growth ( GI ( 50 ) ) using the MTT assay . 
Among the compounds synthesized , 1g and 1l showed significant inhibition of hypoxia-induced HIF-1 transcriptional activity ( IC ( 50 ) : 1 . 9 ± 0 . 4 and 1 . 4 ± 0 . 2 μM , respectively ) . 
Both compounds suppressed HIF-1α accumulation in a concentration-dependent manner . 
The porcine heart malate dehydrogenase ( MDH ) refolding assay revealed that compound 1l inhibited human Hsp60 chaperone activity ( IC ( 50 ) : 6 . 80 ± 0 . 25 μM ) and this inhibition activity was higher than that of ETB ( IC ( 50 ) : 10 . 9 ± 0 . 63 μM ) . Neurobehavioral and genotoxic parameters of duloxetine in mice using the inhibitory avoidance task and comet assay as experimental models . Effects of 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine on fetal hemoglobin levels , red cell adhesion , and hematopoietic differentiation in patients with sickle cell disease . In myocardial preparations isolated from guinea pigs , 2-methyl-1 , 4-naphthoquinone ( menadione ) causes an increase in contractility that is strictly related to the generation of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) as a consequence of quinone metabolism . 
In heart , menadione undergoes one-electron reduction to semiquinone , a reaction mainly catalysed by mitochondrial NADH : ubiquinone oxidoreductase . 
It is also converted to hydroquinone by the soluble two-electron reductase , DT-diaphorase , and is conjugated with GSH by glutathione S-transferase . 
In order to assess the role of DT-diaphorase in cardiac responses to menadione , we examined the effects of both a specific inhibitor ( dicoumarol ) and an inducer ( beta-naphthoflavone ) of the enzyme on the inotropic action of the quinone . 
In electrically driven left atria of guinea pig , 4 microM dicoumarol significantly enhanced the positive inotropic effect of menadione , especially at the lower concentrations of the quinone . 
In myocardial preparations isolated from guinea pigs treated with beta-naphthoflavone ( 80 mg / kg i . 
p . 
for 2 days ) , DT-diaphorase activity was enhanced ( + 36% with respect to control animals , P < 0 . 
01 ) , whereas the activities of the other enzymes involved in menadione metabolism were not modified . 
In these preparations , menadione caused a significantly lower increase in the force of contraction than in atria from untreated animals; moreover , pretreatment with beta-naphthoflavone caused a significant decrease in the menadione-induced oxidative stress , as evaluated from the GSH redox index . 
Taken together , these results demonstrate that cardiac DT-diaphorase does not contribute to ROS generation , but represents a detoxification system . The Expressed Sequence Tag database has been searched for examples of previously undescribed human Alpha class glutathione transferases . 
An incomplete transcript of the previously described GSTA3 gene was identified in a cDNA library derived from 8-9 week placenta . 
This indicates that the GSTA3 gene is functional and is possibly under specific developmental regulation . 
A second cDNA , termed GSTA4 , was identified in a brain cDNA library . 
The encoded GSTA4-4 enzyme was expressed in Escherichia coli and was found to be immunologically distinct from GSTA1-1 and to have high activity with alk-2-enals . 
Although GSTA4-4 appears to be functionally similar to the mouse GST5 . 7 and rat GST8-8 Alpha class enzymes , sequence comparisons and phylogenetic analysis suggest that GSTA4-4 may be a member of a distinct Alpha class subgroup . It has been reported that cimetidine , a histamine type-2 receptor ( H2R ) antagonist , inhibits the growth of glandular tumors such as colorectal cancer . 
However , its effects against salivary gland tumors are still unknown . 
We demonstrated previously that human salivary gland tumor ( HSG ) cells spontaneously express the neural cell adhesion molecule ( NCAM ) and also that HSG cell proliferation could be controlled via a homophilic ( NCAM-NCAM ) binding mechanism and that NCAM may be associated with perineural invasion by malignant salivary gland tumors . 
In the present study , we investigated the effects of cimetidine via the expression of NCAM on tumor growth and perineural / neural invasion in salivary gland tumor cells . 
Expression of both NCAM mRNA and protein was found to decrease in a dose-dependent manner upon treatment with cimetidine for 24 h . 
The MTT assay and confocal laser microscopy clearly showed that HSG cells underwent apoptosis after treatment with cimetidine . 
Activation of caspases 3 , 7 , 8 and 9 was observed in HSG cells after cimetidine treatment , thus confirming that the apoptosis was induced by the activated caspases . 
Apaf-1 activity was also detected in HSG cells in a dose-dependent manner after treatment with cimetidine . 
We also found that the cimetidine-mediated down-regulation of NCAM expression in HSG cells did not occur via blocking of the histamine receptor , even though H2R expression was observed on HSG cells , as two other H2R antagonists , famotidine and ranitidine , did not show similar effects . 
We demonstrated for the first time that cimetidine can induce significant apoptosis of salivary gland tumor cells , which express NCAM , at least in part by down-regulation of NCAM expression on the cells . 
These findings suggest that the growth , development and perineural / neural invasion of salivary gland tumor cells can be blocked by cimetidine administration through down-regulation of NCAM expression , as well as induction of apoptosis . Lubiprostone : RU 0211 , SPI 0211 . Glutamate transport is a primary mechanism for the synaptic inactivation of glutamate . 
Excitatory amino acid transporter 4 ( EAAT4 ) is a novel glutamate transporter with properties of a ligand-gated chloride channel that was recently cloned from human brain . 
Here we report the cloning of rat EAAT4 ( rEAAT4 ) cDNA from rat cerebellum . 
The nucleotide sequence of rEAAT4 was 88% identical to the human sequence , and the predicted peptide was 89% identical to the human protein . 
The transport activity encoded by rEAAT4 has high affinity for L-glutamate . 
In Xenopus laevis oocytes expressing rEAAT4 , L-glutamate and other transporter substrates elicited a current predominantly carried by chloride ions . 
Like human EAAT4 , the rEAAT4 mRNA was largely restricted to cerebellar Purkinje cells; the rEAAT4 protein was localized to Purkinje cell somas and dendrites . Proteomic identification of the candidate target proteins of 15-deoxy-delta ( 12 , 14 ) -prostaglandin J2 . Selective kinin receptor agonists as cardioprotective agents in myocardial ischemia and diabetes . Disruption of dihydronicotinamide riboside : quinone oxidoreductase 2 ( NQO2 ) leads to myeloid hyperplasia of bone marrow and decreased sensitivity to menadione toxicity . Epithelial glycoprotein-330 mediates endocytosis of plasminogen activator-plasminogen activator inhibitor type-1 complexes . Pre- and postsynaptic mechanisms in the clonidine- and oxymetazoline-induced inhibition of gastric motility in the rat . Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer death in the world . 
Evidence suggests that lung cancer could originate from mutations accumulating in a subpopulation of self-renewing cells , lung stem cells . 
Aldehyde dehydrogenase ( ALDH ) is a marker of stem cells . 
To investigate the presence of DNA modifications in these cells , we isolated ALDH-positive lung cells from A / J mice exposed to the lung carcinogen 4- ( methylnitrosamino ) -1- ( 3-pyridyl ) -1-butanone . 
Using LC-NSI-HRMS / MS-PRM , O ( 6 ) -methyl-G , 7-POB-G , and O ( 2 ) -POB-dT were positively identified in ALDH-positive cell DNA . 
This is the first example of detection of carcinogen-DNA adducts in lung stem cells , supporting the hypothesis of their role in lung carcinogenesis . Estramustine , and derivatives of estramustine with a charged substituent at position 17 on the estrogen moiety , have been investigated for their effects on bovine brain microtubules in vitro . 
The negatively charged estramustine phosphate has been found previously to be a microtubule-associated protein ( MAP ) -dependent microtubule inhibitor [ Wallin M , Deinum J and Friden B , FEBS Lett 179 : 289-293 , 1985 ] . 
In the present study the binding of estramustine phosphate to MAP2 and tau was investigated . 
Both these MAPs were found to have two to three binding sites for estramustine phosphate which is compatible with the reported number of basic amino acid repeats of these MAPs , considered to be the ultimate tubulin binding domains . 
The Kd for the binding of estramustine phosphate to MAP2 was estimated to be 20 microM at 4 degrees , and for the binding of tau , 200 microM . 
The rate of dissociation was very low ( T1 / 2 greater than 2 hr ) , which indicates that the binding of estramustine phosphate may stabilize the protein-drug complex by changing the protein conformation . 
Two new negatively charged estramustine derivatives , estramustine sulphate and estramustine glucuronide , were found to be similar MAP-dependent microtubule inhibitors . 
The concentration for 50% inhibition of assembly was 100 microM for the sulphate derivative , the same as found previously for estramustine phosphate , and 250 microM for the more bulky estramustine glucuronide . 
A positively charged derivative , estramustine sarcosinate , did not inhibit microtubule assembly or alter the composition of the coassembled MAPs . 
The morphology of the microtubules was , however , affected . 
The uncharged estramustine bound to both tubulin and MAPs , but no effects were seen on microtubule assembly , the composition of coassembled MAPs or the microtubule morphology . 
Our results suggest that only negatively charged estramustine derivatives have a MAP-dependent microtubule inhibitory effect . 
The two new negatively charged derivatives could therefore be valuable tools in the study of tubulin-MAP interactions . 
The results also confirm that these interactions between tubulin and MAPs are mainly electrostatic . Pharmacology of adapalene . The carcinoid tumor is an uncommon neuroendocrine neoplasm the hallmark of which is excessive serotonin production . 
In studying kinetics of tryptophan hydroxylase and aromatic-L-amino acid decarboxylase ( AAAD ) in human carcinoid hepatic metastases and adjacent normal liver ( J . 
A . 
Gilbert et al , Biochem . 
Pharmacol . 
, 50 : 845-850 , 1995 ) , we identified one significant difference : the Vmax of carcinoid AAAD was 50-fold higher than that in normal liver . 
Here , we report Western and Northern analyses detecting large quantities of AAAD polypeptide and mRNA in human carcinoid primary as well as metastatic tumors compared with normal surrounding tissues . 
To assess the feasibility of targeting these high AAAD levels for chemotherapy , AAAD inhibitors carbidopa ( alpha-methyl-dopahydrazine ) , alpha-monofluoromethyldopa ( MFMD ) , and 3-hydroxybenzylhydrazine ( NSD-1015 ) were incubated ( 72 h ) with NCI-H727 human lung carcinoid cells . 
Carbidopa and MFMD were lethal ( IC50 = 29 + / - 2 microM and 56 + / - 6 microM , respectively ) ; NSD-1015 had no effect on proliferation . 
On exposure to other human tumor lines , carbidopa was lethal only to NCI-H146 and NCI-H209 small cell lung carcinoma ( SCLC ) lines ( IC50 = 12 + / - 1 microM and 22 + / - 5 microM , respectively ) . 
Carbidopa ( 100 microM ) decreased growth of ( but did not kill ) SK-N-SH neuroblastoma and A204 rhabdomyosarcoma cells and did not affect proliferation of DU 145 prostate , MCF7 breast , or NCI-H460 large cell lung carcinoma lines . 
The rank order of lines by AAAD activity was NCI-H146 > NCI-H209 > SK-N-SH > NCI-H727 , whereas A204 , DU 145 , MCF7 , and NCI-H460 had no measurable activity . 
For lung tumor lines ( carcinoid , two SCLC , and one large cell lung carcinoma ) , AAAD activity was correlated with the potency of carbidopa-induced cytotoxicity . 
However , carcinoid cell death was not solely attributable to complete inhibition of either AAAD activity or the serotonin synthetic pathway . 
In further evaluating potential applications of these findings with carbidopa , we determined that sublethal doses of carbidopa produced additive cytotoxic effects in carcinoid cells in combination with etoposide and cytotoxic synergy in SCLC cells when coincubated with topotecan . Acute exposure to ultraviolet ( UV ) radiation causes pro-inflammatory responses via diverse mechanisms including oxidative stress . 
Codium fragile is a green alga of Codiales family and has been reported to exhibit anti-edema , anti-allergic , anti-protozoal and anti-mycobacterial activities . 
In this study , we have investigated a novel anti-inflammatory potential of C . 
fragile using in vitro cell culture as well as in vivo animal models . 
In HaCaT cells , buthanol and ethylacetate fractions of 80% methanol C . 
fragile extract ( CFB or CFE ) and a single compound , clerosterol ( CLS ) isolated from CFE attenuated UVB ( 60mJ / cm ( 2 ) ) -induced cytotoxicity and reduced expression of pro-inflammatory proteins including cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) , inducible nitric oxide synthase ( iNOS ) , and tumor necrosis factor-α ( TNF- α ) . 
Moreover , CFB , CFE and CLS effectively suppressed UVB-induced production of pro-inflammatory mediators such as prostaglandin E2 ( PGE2 ) and nitric oxide ( NO ) . 
In another experiment , topical application of CFB , CFE or CLS prior to UVB irradiation ( 200mJ / cm ( 2 ) ) on BALB / c mice , inhibited the UVB-elevated protein levels of COX-2 , iNOS , and TNF-α . 
Furthermore , CFB , CFE and CLS suppressed oxidative damages caused by UVB irradiation for example lipid peroxidation and / or protein carbonylation , which seemed to be mediated by up-regulation of antioxidant defense enzymes . 
These results suggest that C . 
fragile could be an effective therapeutic agent providing protection against UVB-induced inflammatory and oxidative skin damages . 5-Ethynyluracil is a potent mechanism-based inactivator of dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( DPD , EC 1 . 3 . 1 . 2 ) in vitro ( Porter et al . 
, J Biol Chem 267 : 5236-5242 , 1992 ) and in vivo ( Spector et al . 
, Biochem Pharmacol , 46 : 2243-2248 , 1993 . 
5-Ethynyl-2 ( 1H ) -pyrimidinone was rapidly oxidized to 5-ethynyluracil by aldehyde oxidase . 
The substrate efficiency ( kcat / Km ) was 60-fold greater than that for N-methylnicotinamide . 
In contrast , xanthine oxidase oxidized 5-ethynyl-2 ( 1H ) -pyrimidinone to 5-ethynyluracil with a substrate efficiency that was only 0 . 02% that of xanthine . 
Because 5-ethynyl-2 ( 1H ) -pyrimidinone did not itself inactivate purified DPD in vitro and aldehyde oxidase is predominately found in liver , we hypothesized that 5-ethynyl-2 ( 1H ) -pyrimidinone could be a liver-specific inactivator of DPD . 
We found that 5-ethynyl-2 ( 1H ) -pyrimidinone administered orally to rats at 2 micrograms / kg inactivated DPD in all tissues studied . 
Although 5-ethynyl-2 ( 1H ) -pyrimidinone produced slightly less inactivation than 5-ethynyluracil , the two compounds showed fairly similar patterns of inactivation of DPD in these tissues . 
At doses of 20 micrograms / kg , however , 5-ethynyl-2-pyrimidinone and 5-ethynyluracil produced equivalent inactivation of DPD . 
Thus , 5-ethynyl-2 ( 1H ) -pyrimidinone appeared to be an efficient , but not highly liver-selective prodrug of 5-ethynyluracil . Recent evidence indicates a potential prognostic and predictive value for germline polymorphisms in genes involved in cell cycle control . 
We investigated the effect of cyclin D1 ( CCND1 ) rs9344 G>A in stage II / III colon cancer patients and validated the findings in an independent study cohort . 
For evaluation and validation set , a total of 264 and 234 patients were included . 
Patients treated with 5-fluorouracil-based chemotherapy , carrying the CCND1 rs9344 A / A genotype had significantly decreased time-to-tumor recurrence ( TTR ) in univariate analysis and multivariate analysis ( hazard ratio ( HR ) 2 . 47; 95% confidence interval ( CI ) 1 . 16-5 . 29; P = 0 . 019 ) . 
There was no significant association between CCND1 rs9344 G>A and TTR in patients with curative surgery alone . 
In the validation set , the A allele of CCND1 rs9344 G>A remained significantly associated with decreased TTR in univariate and multivariate analyses ( HR 1 . 94; 95% CI 1 . 05-3 . 58; P = 0 . 035 ) . 
CCND1 rs9344 G>A may be a predictive and / or prognostic biomarker in stage II / III colon cancer patients , however , prospective trials are warranted to confirm our findings . 
The Pharmacogenomics Journal advance online publication , 9 April 2013; doi : 10 . 1038 / tpj . 2013 . 15 . The effect of mitragynine on cAMP formation and mRNA expression of mu-opioid receptors mediated by chronic morphine treatment in SK-N-SH neuroblastoma cell . The inhibitory effect of clonidine ( non-selective alpha2-adrenoceptor agonist ) and oxymetazoline ( alpha2A-adrenoceptor selective agonist ) was compared on basal and stimulated gastric motor activity ( gastric tone and contractions ) using the balloon method in the rat . 
It was shown that oxymetazoline ( 0 . 2-1 . 7 micromol / kg , i . 
v . 
) decreased the basal motility , while clonidine ( 1 . 9-3 . 8 micromol / kg , i . 
v . 
) failed to affect it . 
When motility was stimulated centrally by insulin ( 5 IU / rat , i . 
v . 
) , both clonidine ( 1 . 9-3 . 8 micromol / kg , i . 
v . 
) and oxymetazoline ( 0 . 1-3 . 4 micromol / kg , i . 
v . 
) inhibited the gastric motor activity . 
However , while the effect of clonidine was antagonized by the non-selective alpha2-adrenoceptor antagonist yohimbine ( 5 micromol / kg , i . 
v . 
) and the alpha2A-adrenoceptor selective antagonist BRL 44408 ( 3 micromol / kg , i . 
v . 
) , the effect of oxymetazoline was only partially affected . 
Prazosin ( alpha1- and alpha2B-adrenoceptor antagonist , 0 . 07-0 . 28 micromol / kg , i . 
v . 
) also failed to reverse the effect of oxymetazoline . 
Furthermore , when gastric motility was stimulated peripherally by activation of postsynaptic cholinergic muscarinic receptors by the combination of carbachol ( 0 . 14 micromol / kg , i . 
v . 
) and hexamethonium ( 37 micromol / kg , i . 
v . 
) , clonidine ( 3 . 8 micromol / kg , i . 
v . 
) failed to affect the increased motor activity , however , oxymetazoline ( 0 . 8-3 . 4 micromol / kg , i . 
v . 
) exerted a pronounced inhibition . 
These results suggest that different mechanisms may be involved in the inhibitory effect of clonidine and oxymetazoline; while clonidine reduces the gastric motility by activation of presynaptic alpha2-adrenoceptors , postsynaptic component in the effect of oxymetazoline has also been raised . Evaluation of perfluoroalkyl acid activity using primary mouse and human hepatocytes . Chemokine expression is upregulated in chondrocytes in diabetic fracture healing . Major depression ( MD ) is a major health problem , partly due to the incomplete understanding of the pathogenic mechanisms of the disease . 
Research efforts have mainly focused on alterations in monoaminergic neurotransmission , especially in relation to the serotonergic system , due to its key role in the regulation of mood and related biological functions . 
Given the high heritability of MD ( estimated between 31% and 42% for unipolar depression ) , genes coding for key regulators of the serotonergic neurotransmission have been considered as optimal candidates . 
The present review is focused on the role of genes coding for serotonin receptors in MD pathogenesis , since the serotonin transporter and enzymes involved in serotonin metabolism have been reviewed elsewhere . 
Despite the large number of candidate gene studies focusing on genes coding for serotonin receptors , results have been inconsistent . 
The most replicated findings are the associations between rs6295 ( HTR1A gene ) G allele or G / G genotype and rs6311 ( HTR2A gene ) A allele or A / A genotype and MD or depressive symptoms . 
Preclinical and imaging / post-mortem studies in humans provide strong support for the involvement of HTR1A and HTR2A genes in MD . 
Nevertheless , the inconsistency across previous studies clearly suggests that innovative approaches should be designed in order to overcome the limitations of candidate gene studies . 
To date , the most appealing methodologies seem to be full exome or genome sequencing , genome-wide pathway analyses , endophenotypes , and epigenetic biomarkers . 
The reported tools may assist in the detection of multiple-loci models , which could potentially explain the high percentage of MD susceptibility ascribed to genetic factors . Functional effects of mutations in the putative agonist binding region of recombinant alpha-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid receptors . Hydrogen sulfide inhibits nitric oxide production and nuclear factor-kappaB via heme oxygenase-1 expression in RAW264 . 7 macrophages stimulated with lipopolysaccharide . Novel poly ( aryl ether ) dendron-based low-molecular-weight organogelaters ( LMWG ) containing naphthalene units at the core have been synthesized , and the self-assembly of the system has been examined in a variety of solvents and solvent mixtures . 
The compounds readily form gels with attractive critical gel concentration values associated with gelation-induced enhanced emission ( GIEE ) . 
In addition to the remarkable properties of the previously reported anthracene and pyrene analogues ( Rajamalli , P . 
; Prasad , E . 
Org . 
Lett . 2011 , 13 , 3714 and Rajamalli , P . 
; Prasad , E . 
Soft Matter2012 , 8 , 8896 ) , the self-assembled systems exhibit distinctly different structure-property relationships . 
Unlike the reported ones , the present system forms sheetlike morphology in nonpolar solvent mixtures , giant vesicles in polar solvent mixtures , and lamellar or hexagonal columnar phases in single solvents . 
The unique properties of the self-assembled systems , which were analyzed through electron microscopic ( SEM , TEM , AFM ) and spectroscopic techniques ( POM , fluorescence ) , are attributed to the replacement of anthracene / pyrene units by naphthalene units . 
The present work unravels the subtle role of minute structural change in altering the properties of LMWGs based on poly ( aryl ether ) dendrons . RATIONALE : 2- [ 4- ( 4-Chlorophenyl ) piperazin-1-ylmethyl ] pyrazolo [ 1 , 5-a ] pyridine ( FAUC 213 ) is a highly selective antagonist at the dopamine D ( 4 ) receptor subtype . 
It was designed as a derivative of two partial antagonists and has been proven to be a complete antagonist in mitogenesis assay . 
OBJECTIVES : In the present study , FAUC 213 was examined for antipsychotic properties in animal models of behavioural neurobiology and neurochemistry . 
METHODS : Different concentrations of FAUC 213 were screened for effects on spontaneous , as well as amphetamine-induced , locomotor activity and apomorphine-induced prepulse disruption . 
The liability of causing extrapyramidal side effects was investigated in models of catalepsy and by high-performance liquid chromatography ( HPLC ) detection of dopamine turnover in several brain regions . 
The application schedule was validated , and the bioavailability of the compound determined , by means of a HPLC-pharmacokinetic study . 
RESULTS : A significant effect in both the reduction of amphetamine-induced locomotor hyperactivity and the restoration of apomorphine-disrupted prepulse inhibition was found at 30 mg / kg . 
This dose proved not to be high enough to induce catalepsy or to increase dopamine turnover in the dorsal striatum , nucleus accumbens and medial prefrontal cortex . 
The selective D ( 4 ) antagonist FAUC 213 , therefore , is not believed to mediate the above-mentioned effects via D ( 2 ) receptor antagonism , but a partial involvement of 5-HT ( 2 ) - and alpha ( 1 ) -receptors cannot be ruled out at present . 
CONCLUSIONS : We have gathered evidence that FAUC 213 exhibits atypical antipsychotic characteristics . Synthesis and structure-activity relationship of pyripyropene A derivatives as potent and selective acyl-CoA : cholesterol acyltransferase 2 ( ACAT2 ) inhibitors : Part 2 . Use of ( Gyro ) Gy and spermine synthase transgenic mice to study functions of spermine . Effects of supplementary selenium source on the blood parameters in beef cows and their nursing calves . Design , synthesis , characterization and anti-inflammatory evaluation of novel pyrazole amalgamated flavones . Identification of select glucocorticoids as Smoothened agonists : potential utility for regenerative medicine . Phenytoin and carbamazepine are effective and inexpensive anti-epileptic drugs ( AEDs ) . 
As with many AEDs , a broad range of doses is used , with the final "maintenance" dose normally determined by trial and error . 
Although many genes could influence response to these medicines , there are obvious candidates . 
Both drugs target the alpha-subunit of the sodium channel , encoded by the SCN family of genes . 
Phenytoin is principally metabolized by CYP2C9 , and both are probable substrates of the drug transporter P-glycoprotein . 
We therefore assessed whether variation in these genes associates with the clinical use of carbamazepine and phenytoin in cohorts of 425 and 281 patients , respectively . 
We report that a known functional polymorphism in CYP2C9 is highly associated with the maximum dose of phenytoin ( P = 0 . 0066 ) . 
We also show that an intronic polymorphism in the SCN1A gene shows significant association with maximum doses in regular usage of both carbamazepine and phenytoin ( P = 0 . 0051 and P = 0 . 014 , respectively ) . 
This polymorphism disrupts the consensus sequence of the 5' splice donor site of a highly conserved alternative exon ( 5N ) , and it significantly affects the proportions of the alternative transcripts in individuals with a history of epilepsy . 
These results provide evidence of a drug target polymorphism associated with the clinical use of AEDs and set the stage for a prospective evaluation of how pharmacogenetic diagnostics can be used to improve dosing decisions in the use of phenytoin and carbamazepine . 
Although the case made here is compelling , our results cannot be considered definitive or ready for clinical application until they are confirmed by independent replication . Primary Leydig cells obtained from bank vole testes and the established tumor Leydig cell line ( MA-10 ) have been used to explore the effects of 4-tert-octylphenol ( OP ) . 
Leydig cells were treated with two concentrations of OP ( 10 ( -4 ) M , 10 ( -8 ) M ) alone or concomitantly with anti-estrogen ICI 182 , 780 ( 1μM ) . 
In OP-treated bank vole Leydig cells , inhomogeneous staining of estrogen receptor α ( ERα ) within cell nuclei was found , whereas it was of various intensity among MA-10 Leydig cells . 
The expression of ERα mRNA and protein decreased in both primary and immortalized Leydig cells independently of OP dose . 
ICI partially reversed these effects at mRNA level while at protein level abrogation was found only in vole cells . 
Dissimilar action of OP on cAMP and androgen production was also observed . 
This study provides further evidence that OP shows estrogenic properties acting on Leydig cells . 
However , its effect is diverse depending on the cellular origin . Evaluation of body weight , insulin resistance , leptin and adiponectin levels in premenopausal women with hyperprolactinemia . Utilizing atypical wake-promoting agent modafinil ( inactive in both rH ( 3 ) and hH ( 3 ) binding assays ) as a launching pad , a series of sulfinyl- and sulfone-derived H ( 3 ) receptor inverse agonists were developed . 
Brain-permeable compound 27 , a potent member of the series displayed excellent selectivity against related family members ( H ( 1 ) , H ( 2 ) , and H ( 4 ) receptors ) . Crystal structure of pyridoxal kinase in complex with roscovitine and derivatives . Hydrogen sulfide acts as a mediator of inflammation in acute pancreatitis : in vitro studies using isolated mouse pancreatic acinar cells . Normal growth and function of the prostate are contingent on the reduction of testosterone to dihydrotestosterone ( DHT ) by 5-alpha reductase ( 5-AR ) enzymes types 1 and 2 . 
It has been theorized that an overabundance of DHT may be implicated in the pathogenesis of both benign prostatic hyperplasia ( BPH ) and prostate cancer . 
Inhibitors of 5-AR such as dutasteride and finasteride may therefore have an important role in the prevention and treatment of BPH and prostate cancer . 
Dutasteride provides greater suppression of DHT than finasteride , thereby underlying the hypothesis that inhibition of both type 1 and type 2 would provide correspondingly greater protection than inhibition of type 2 alone . 
We review the potential significance of the 5-AR inhibitors in reducing the risk of prostate cancer according to the basic biology of prostate disease . Effect of specific COX-2 inhibition in osteoarthritis of the knee : a 6 week double blind , placebo controlled pilot study of rofecoxib . 
Rofecoxib Osteoarthritis Pilot Study Group . Rasagiline ( N-propargyl-1- ( R ) -aminoindan ) is a novel , highly potent irreversible monoamine oxidase ( MAO ) -B inhibitor , anti-Parkinsonian drug . 
Rasagiline is effective as monotherapy or adjunct to L-Dopa for patients with early and late Parkinson's disease ( PD ) . 
Its S-isomer , TVP1022 is thousand times less potent as an MAO-B inhibitor . 
However , both compounds have similar molecular mechanisms of neuroprotection in neuronal cell cultures and animal neurodegenerative models , indicating that the neuroprotective effect of rasagiline does not depend on inhibition of MAO-B , but rather is associated with the N-propargyl moiety , which promotes mitochondrial viability and stabilizes permeability transition by regulating Bcl-2 family proteins . 
Novel findings demonstrated that the major metabolite of rasagiline , 1- ( R ) -aminoindan has antioxidant and neuroprotective capabilities and thus , may contribute to the overt activity of its parent compound , rasagiline . 
This paper will review the earlier and present studies in the development of rasagiline for treatment of PD and discuss its pharmacology and applicable mechanism of action . Activity of azelaic acid on cultures of lymphoma- and leukemia-derived cell lines , normal resting and stimulated lymphocytes and 3T3 fibroblasts . Phentermine was shown in the 1970s to inhibit the metabolism of serotonin by monoamine oxidase ( MAO ) , but never was labeled as an MAO inhibitor; hence , it was widely used in combination with fenfluramine , and continues to be used , in violation of their labels , with other serotonin uptake blockers . 
We examined the effects of phentermine and several other unlabeled MAO inhibitors on MAO activities in rat lung , brain , and liver , and also the interactions of such drugs when administered together . 
Rat tissues were assayed for MAO-A and -B , using serotonin and beta-phenylethylamine as substrates . 
Phentermine inhibited serotonin-metabolizing ( MAO-A ) activity in all three tissues with K ( i ) values of 85-88 microM . 
These potencies were similar to those of the antidepressant MAO inhibitors iproniazid and moclobemide . 
When phentermine was mixed with other unlabeled reversible MAO inhibitors ( e . 
g . 
pseudoephedrine , ephedrine , norephedrine; estradiol benzoate ) , the degree of MAO inhibition was additive . 
The cardiac valvular lesions and primary pulmonary hypertension that have been reported to be associated with fenfluramine-phentermine use may have resulted from the intermittent concurrent blockage of both serotonin uptake and metabolism . The selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( SSRIs ) , citalopram , fluoxetine , fluvoxamine , paroxetine and sertraline , are the result of rational research to find drugs that were as effective as the tricyclic antidepressants but with fewer safety and tolerability problems . 
The SSRIs selectively and powerfully inhibit serotonin reuptake and result in a potentiation of serotonergic neurotransmission . 
The property of potent serotonin reuptake appears to give a broad spectrum of therapeutic activity in depression , anxiety , obsessional and impulse control disorders . 
However , despite the sharing of the same principal mechanism of action , SSRIs are structurally diverse with clear variations in their pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic profiles . 
The potency for serotonin reuptake inhibition varies amongst this group , as does the selectivity for serotonin relative to noradrenaline and dopamine reuptake inhibition . 
The relative potency of sertraline for dopamine reuptake inhibition differentiates it pharmacologically from other SSRIs . 
Affinity for neuroreceptors , such as sigma1 , muscarinic and 5-HT2c , also differs widely . 
Furthermore , the inhibition of nitric oxide synthetase by paroxetine , and possibly other SSRIs , may have significant pharmacodynamic effects . 
Citalopram and fluoxetine are racemic mixtures of different chiral forms that possess varying pharmacokinetic and pharmacological profiles . 
Fluoxetine has a long acting and pharmacologically active metabolite . 
There are important clinical differences among the SSRIs in their pharmacokinetic characteristics . 
These include differences in their half-lives , linear versus non-linear pharmacokinetics , effect of age on their clearance and their potential to inhibit drug metabolising cytochrome P450 ( CYP ) isoenzymes . 
These pharmacological and pharmacokinetic differences underly the increasingly apparent important clinical differences amongst the SSRIs . Tomatidine is an aglycone of glycoalkaloid tomatine in tomato . 
Tomatidine is found to possess anti-inflammatory properties and may serve as a chemosensitizer in multidrug-resistant tumor cells . 
However , the effect of tomatidine on cancer cell metastasis remains unclear . 
This study examines the effect of tomatidine on the migration and invasion of human lung adenocarcinoma A549 cell in vitro . 
The data demonstrates that tomatidine does not effectively inhibit the viability of A549 cells . 
When treated with non-toxic doses of tomatidine , cell invasion is markedly suppressed by Boyden chamber invasion assay , while cell migration is not affected . 
Tomatidine reduces the mRNA level of matrix metalloproteinase-2 ( MMP-2 ) , MMP-9 and increases the expression of reversion-inducing cysteine-rich protein with kazal motifs ( RECK ) , as well as tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase-1 ( TIMP-1 ) . 
The immunoblotting assays indicate that tomatidine is very effective in suppressing the phosphorylation of Akt and extracellular signal regulating kinase ( ERK ) . 
In addition , tomatidine significantly decreases the nuclear level of nuclear factor kappa B ( NF-κB ) , which suggests that tomatidine inhibits NF-κB activity . 
Furthermore , the treatment of inhibitors specific for PI3K / Akt ( LY294002 ) , ERK ( U0126 ) , or NF-κB ( pyrrolidine dithiocarbamate ) to A549 cells reduced cell invasion and MMP-2 / 9 expression . 
The results suggest that tomatidine inhibits the invasion of A549 cells by reducing the expression of MMPs . 
It also inhibits ERK and Akt signaling pathways and NF-κB activity . 
These findings demonstrate a new therapeutic potential for tomatidine in anti-metastatic therapy . Agonist and antagonist actions of yohimbine as compared to fluparoxan at alpha ( 2 ) -adrenergic receptors ( AR ) s , serotonin ( 5-HT ) ( 1A ) , 5-HT ( 1B ) , 5-HT ( 1D ) and dopamine D ( 2 ) and D ( 3 ) receptors . 
Significance for the modulation of frontocortical monoaminergic transmission and depressive states . X-ray crystal structures of carbonic anhydrase II ( CAII ) complexed with sulfonamide inhibitors illuminate the structural determinants of high affinity binding in the nanomolar regime . 
The primary binding interaction is the coordination of a primary sulfonamide group to the active site zinc ion . 
Secondary interactions fine-tune tight binding in regions of the active site cavity >5 A away from zinc , and this work highlights three such features : ( 1 ) advantageous conformational restraints of a bicyclic thienothiazene-6-sulfonamide-1 , 1-dioxide inhibitor skeleton in comparison with a monocyclic 2 , 5-thiophenedisulfonamide skeleton; ( 2 ) optimal substituents attached to a secondary sulfonamide group targeted to interact with hydrophobic patches defined by Phe131 , Leu198 , and Pro202; and ( 3 ) optimal stereochemistry and configuration at the C-4 position of bicyclic thienothiazene-6-sulfonamides; the C-4 substituent can interact with His64 , the catalytic proton shuttle . 
Structure-activity relationships rationalize affinity trends observed during the development of brinzolamide ( Azopt ) , the newest carbonic anhydrase inhibitor approved for the treatment of glaucoma . The ethyl acetate and methanol bark extracts of Melicope glabra were evaluated for their antioxidant capacities by 1 , 1-diphenyl-2-picrylhydrazyl ( DPPH ) free radical scavenging activity and β-carotene bleaching / linoleic acid system . 
Both extracts exhibited strong inhibition against the DPPH radical ( IC50 values of 24 . 81 and 13 . 01 μgml ( -1 ) , respectively ) and strong antioxidant activity in β-carotene bleaching assay . 
Both samples were found to have high phenolic content with values of 39 and 44mg GAE / g as indicated by Follin-Ciocalteau's reagent . 
Antioxidant TLC assay-guided isolation on the methanol extract led to the isolation of a new pyranocoumarin , glabranin ( 1 ) , umbelliferone ( 2 ) , scopoletin ( 3 ) and sesamin ( 4 ) , and their structures were determined by spectroscopy . 
Compounds ( 1-3 ) showed significant activities on DPPH free radical with the IC50 of 240 . 20 , 810 . 02 and 413 . 19μgml ( -1 ) , respectively . 
However , in β-carotene bleaching assay , sesamin ( 4 ) showed higher inhibitory activity ( 1mgml ( -1 ) , 95% ) than glabranin ( 1 ) ( 1mgml ( -1 ) , 74% ) , whilst umbelliferone ( 2 ) and scopoletin ( 3 ) were slightly pro-oxidant . Comparative structural and functional studies of 4- ( thiazol-5-yl ) -2- ( phenylamino ) pyrimidine-5-carbonitrile CDK9 inhibitors suggest the basis for isotype selectivity . Mechanism of conversion of human apo- to holomethionine synthase by various forms of cobalamin . To determine the role of 14-3-3 in colorectal cancer apoptosis induced by nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( NSAIDs ) , we evaluated the effects of sulindac on 14-3-3epsilon protein expression in colorectal cancer cells . 
Sulindac sulfide inhibited 14-3-3epsilon proteins in HT-29 and DLD-1 cells in a time- and concentration-dependent manner . 
Sulindac sulfone at 600 mumol / L inhibited 14-3-3epsilon protein expression in HT-29 . 
Indomethacin and SC-236 , a selective cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) inhibitor , exerted a similar effect as sulindac . 
Sulindac suppressed 14-3-3epsilon promoter activity . 
As 14-3-3epsilon promoter activation is mediated by peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor delta ( PPARdelta ) , we determined the correlation between 14-3-3epsilon inhibition and PPARdelta suppression by NSAIDs . 
Sulindac sulfide inhibited PPARdelta protein expression and PPARdelta transcriptional activity . 
Overexpression of PPARdelta by adenoviral transfer rescued 14-3-3epsilon proteins from elimination by sulindac or indomethacin . 
NSAID-induced 14-3-3epsilon suppression was associated with reduced cytosolic Bad with elevation of mitochondrial Bad and increase in apoptosis which was rescued by Ad-PPARdelta transduction . 
Stable expression of 14-3-3epsilon in HT-29 significantly protected cells from apoptosis . 
Our findings shed light on a novel mechanism by which NSAIDs induce colorectal cancer apoptosis via the PPARdelta / 14-3-3epsilon transcriptional pathway . 
These results suggest that 14-3-3epsilon is a target for the prevention and therapy of colorectal cancer . Boron Neutron Capture Therapy ( BNCT ) involves the selective accumulation of boron carriers in tumor tissue followed by irradiation with a thermal or epithermal neutron beam . 
This therapy is therefore a cellular irradiation suited to treat tumors that have infiltrated into healthy tissues . 
BNCT has been used clinically to treat patients with cutaneous melanomas which have a high mortality . 
Human normal melanocytes and melanoma cells were treated with BNCT at different boronophenylalanine concentrations for signaling pathways analysis . 
BNCT induced few morphological alterations in normal melanocytes , with a negligible increase in free radical production . 
Melanoma cells treated with BNCT showed significant extracellular matrix ( ECM ) changes and a significant cyclin D1 decrease , suggesting cell death by necrosis and apoptosis and cell cycle arrest , respectively . 
BNCT also induced a significant increase in cleaved caspase-3 and a decrease in the mitochondrial electrical potential with selectivity for melanoma cells . 
Normal melanocytes had no significant differences due to BNCT treatment , confirming the data from the literature regarding the selectivity of BNCT . 
The results from this study suggest that some signaling pathways are involved in human melanoma treatment by BNCT , such as cell cycle arrest , ECM changes and intrinsic apoptosis . Coumarins are important constituents of Radix Angelicae Dahuricae , a well-known traditional Chinese medicine possess several known bioactivities with potentials in the treatment of central nervous system diseases . 
By using an HPLC-MS / MS method , we analyzed the in vivo plasma and brain pharmacokinetics of three ingredients of coumarins , including imperatorin , isoimperatorin and cnidilin in mice after oral administration of Dahuricae extract at doses of 800mg / kg . 
The biosamples were prepared using acetonitrile precipitation and the separation was achieved on an XDB-C18 column by gradient elution . 
The BBB permeability and P-gp-mediated efflux were further examined in Madin Canine kidney cells transfected with full length cDNA for human multidrug resistance gene1 ( MDCKII-MDR1 ) . 
Our results demonstrate that the method has excellent and satisfactory selectivity , sensitivity , linearity , precision , and accuracy for simultaneous determination of imperatorin , isoimperatorin and cnidilin . 
The pharmacokinetics parameters were determined by using noncompartmental analyses , including the AUC ( 0-t ) in plasma ( 1695 . 22 , 1326 . 45 and 636 . 98mg*h / L ) , the AUC ( 0-t ) in brain ( 1812 . 35 , 2125 . 17 and 1145 . 83ng*h / g ) as well as the T1 / 2 in plasma ( 0 . 66 , 0 . 82 , 0 . 97h ) and brain ( 0 . 96 , 1 . 1 , 0 . 99h ) for imperatorin , isoimperatorin and cnidilin , respectively , suggesting that the three coumarins could easily pass through the BBB in vivo . 
In the in vitro model we observed high permeability of imperatorin and isoimperatorin with the P-gp-mediated efflux ratios of 0 . 53 and 0 . 06 , as well as medium permeability of cnidilin with 0 . 82 . 
All data suggest that these three coumarins have high BBB permeability and have pharmacokinetic potentials for the treatment of central nervous system diseases . OBJECTIVEGlutamine reduces postprandial glycemia when given before oral glucose . 
We evaluated whether this is mediated by stimulation of insulin and / or slowing of gastric emptying . 
RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODSTen healthy subjects were studied during intraduodenal ( ID ) infusion of glutamine ( 7 . 5 or 15 g ) or saline over 30 min , followed by glucose ( 75 g over 100 min ) , while recording antropyloroduodenal pressures . 
Ten patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus ( T2DM ) were also studied with 15 g glutamine or saline . 
RESULTSID glutamine stimulated glucagon-like peptide 1 ( GLP-1; healthy : P < 0 . 05; T2DM : P < 0 . 05 ) , glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide ( GIP; P = 0 . 098; P < 0 . 05 ) , glucagon ( P < 0 . 01; P < 0 . 001 ) , insulin ( P = 0 . 05; P < 0 . 01 ) , and phasic pyloric pressures ( P < 0 . 05; P < 0 . 05 ) , but did not lower blood glucose ( P = 0 . 077; P = 0 . 5 ) . 
CONCLUSIONSGlutamine does not lower glycemia after ID glucose , despite stimulating GLP-1 , GIP , and insulin , probably due to increased glucagon . 
Its capacity for pyloric stimulation suggests that delayed gastric emptying is a major mechanism for lowering glycemia when glutamine is given before oral glucose . A high throughput assay for the glucuronidation of 7-hydroxy-4-trifluoromethylcoumarin by recombinant human UDP-glucuronosyltransferases and liver microsomes . Human methionine aminopeptidase type 2 in complex with L- and D-methionine . Tigecycline prevents LPS-induced release of pro-inflammatory and apoptotic mediators in neuronal cells . Eletriptan , a second-generation triptan with high affinity for 5-HT ( 1B / 1D ) receptors , is highly effective in migraine , with or without aura . 
We compared the effects of eletriptan and sumatriptan on the human isolated middle meningeal and coronary arteries and saphenous vein , used as models for therapeutic efficacy and potential side effects , and have investigated the role of 5-HT ( 1B / 1D ) receptors in contractions induced by these triptans . 
Concentration-response curves to eletriptan and sumatriptan were constructed in the absence or presence of a selective 5-HT ( 1B / 1D ) receptor antagonist , N- [ 4-methoxy-3- ( 4-methylpiperazin-1-yl ) phenyl ] -3-methyl-4- ( 4-py rid yl ) benzamide ( GR125743 ) . 
All three blood vessels constricted in response to eletriptan and sumatriptan , but the middle meningeal artery relaxed following the highest concentration ( 100 microM ) of eletriptan . 
In the middle meningeal artery , GR125743 antagonised the contractions induced by both eletriptan ( pEC ( 50 ) : 7 . 34 + / -0 . 13 ) and sumatriptan ( pEC ( 50 ) : 6 . 91 + / -0 . 17 ) to a similar degree ( pA ( 2 ) : 8 . 
81 + / -0 . 17 and 8 . 64 + / -0 . 21 , respectively ) . 
In the human coronary artery and saphenous vein , sumatriptan-induced contractions ( pEC ( 50 ) : 6 . 24 + / -0 . 14 and 6 . 19 + / -0 . 12 , respectively ) were also potently antagonised by GR125743 ( pA ( 2 ) : 8 . 18 + / -0 . 27 and 8 . 34 + / -0 . 12 , respectively ) . 
The eletriptan-induced contractions of the human saphenous vein ( pEC ( 50 ) : 6 . 09 + / -0 . 13 ) were antagonised less effectively by GR125743 ( pK ( B ) : 7 . 73 + / -0 . 18 ) , and those of the human coronary artery ( pEC ( 50 ) : 5 . 54 + / -0 . 22 ) remained unaffected by GR125743 up to a concentration of 100 nM . 
These results suggest that ( i ) based on the differences in pEC ( 50 ) values , the cranioselectivity of eletriptan ( 63-fold ) is higher than that of sumatriptan ( 5-fold ) in coronary artery , ( ii ) the contractile effects of sumatriptan and eletriptan ( lower concentrations ) in the three blood vessels are mediated via the 5-HT ( 1B ) receptor , and ( iii ) additional mechanisms seem to be involved in coronary artery and saphenous vein contractions and middle meningeal artery relaxation following high concentrations of eletriptan . Effects and mechanism of organ protection by cardiotrophin-1 . Analgesia and COX-2 inhibition . Preferential block of late sodium current in the LQT3 DeltaKPQ mutant by the class I ( C ) antiarrhythmic flecainide . This work reports on the composition and bionutritional value of organic virgin olive oil from the Nocellara del Belice variety , one cultivated in the olive areas of the Sicily region , Italy . 
Destoned oils obtained by processing olives with a destoning-based procedure were compared with conventional oils . 
This innovative technique , consisting in removing the stone from fruits prior to processing , strongly enhanced the already high-quality level of the conventional product . 
An in-depth analytical investigation from 2008 to 2010 showed how this innovative olive extraction process led to an excellent peculiar final product , mainly attributable to the improved biophenol and volatile composition , as well as higher concentrations of the lipophilic and vitamin antioxidants ( tocopherols and tocotrienols ) . 
It had higher levels of oleocanthal ( p-HPEA-EDA ) , a nutraceutical compound exerting actions against COX1 and COX2 ( cycloxygenases ) . 
Its head-space aroma displayed new volatile phytomolecules and also had higher levels of green volatiles from the lipoxygenase ( LOX ) -pathway ( one having as precursors the polyunsaturated fatty acids containing a cis-cis-1 , 4-pentadiene system ) . 
Among the other bioactives , we highlight its significant levels of trans-β-carotene and xanthophylls ( lutein , violaxanthin , neoxanthin and other carotenoids ) . 
Its enhanced nutritional value was also attributable to the increased intensity of valuable tasting notes . ETHNOPHARMACOLOGICAL RELEVANCE : Different parts of Mimosa pigra ( MPG ) are used in traditional medicine in Madagascar , tropical Africa , South America and Indonesia for various troubles including cardiovascular disorders . 
AIM OF THE STUDY : To investigate the mechanisms underlying the vascular effects of MPG by assessing in vitro its antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties , and its vascular relaxing effects , and in vivo , its action on hypoxic pulmonary hypertension ( PAH ) in rats . 
MATERIAL AND METHODS : The antioxidant activity of MPG leaf hydromethanolic extract was determined by using both the 1 , 1-diphenyl-2-picrylhydrazyl radical scavenging and the oxygen radical absorbance capacity in vitro assays . 
Anti-inflammatory properties were assayed on TNFα-induced VCAM-1 expression in endothelial cells . 
The vasorelaxant effect of MPG extract was studied on rat arterial rings pre-contracted with phenylephrine ( 1μM ) in the presence or absence of the endothelium . 
In vivo MPG extract effects were analyzed in chronic hypoxic PAH , obtained by housing male Wistar rats , orally treated or not with MPG extract ( 400mg / kg / d ) , in a hypobaric chamber for 21 days . 
RESULTS : MPG leaf extract had antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties . 
It induced endothelium-dependent , NO-mediated relaxation of rat aorta and pulmonary artery . 
In vivo , chronic MPG treatment reduced hypoxic PAH in rat by decreasing by 22 . 3% the pulmonary arterial pressure and by 20 . 0% and 23 . 9% the pulmonary artery and cardiac remodelling , respectively . 
This effect was associated with a restoration of endothelium function and a 2 . 3-fold increase in endothelial NO synthase phosphorylation . 
MPG leaf hydromethanolic extract contained tryptophan and flavonoids , including quercetin glycosides . 
Both compounds also efficiently limit hypoxia-induced PAH . 
CONCLUSIONS : Our results show endothelial protective action of MPG leaf hydromethanolic extract which is likely to be due to its antioxidant action . 
MPG successfully attenuated the development of PAH , thus demonstrating the protective effect of MPG on cardiovascular diseases . Energy depletion of bovine mammary epithelial cells activates AMPK and suppresses protein synthesis through inhibition of mTORC1 signaling . Cyclopenta [ c ] phenanthrenes - Chemistry and biological activity . Regulation of connexin hemichannel activity by membrane potential and the extracellular calcium in health and disease . Warfarin dose and the pharmacogenomics of CYP2C9 and VKORC1 - rationale and perspectives . Whole cell patch recordings were obtained from medium diameter ( 35-45 microm ) dorsal root ganglion neurons . 
Using electrophysiological parameters , we were able to subclassify acutely dissociated dorsal root ganglion cells into three uniform ( types 5 , 6 and 9 ) and one mixed class ( type 8 ) of neurons . 
All subtypes ( types 5 , 6 , 8 and 9 ) had broad action potentials ( 7 . 0 + / -0 . 2 , 5 . 2 + / -0 . 4 , 7 . 3 + / -0 . 5 and 6 . 0 + / -0 . 4 ms ) and exceptionally long afterhyperpolarizations ( 112 + / -9 , 178 + / -19 , 124 + / -31 and 204 + / -33 ms ) . 
Long afterhyperpolarizations have been linked to mechanically insensitive ( silent ) nociceptors by other laboratories [ Djouhri et al . 
, J . 
Physiol . 
513 ( 1998 ) 857-872 ] . 
Chemosensitivity varied among cell classes . 
Cell types 5 , 8 and 9 were capsaicin sensitive ( 45 + / -13 , 87 + / -30 and 28 + / -13 pA / pF; 5 microM ) groups , while the type 6 cell was capsaicin insensitive . 
All cell types expressed ASIC-like ( acid sensing ion channel ) amiloride sensitive , proton-activated currents with a threshold of pH 6 . 8 and a peak near pH 5 . 0 . 
All medium sized cells were sensitive to ATP ( 50 microM ) and exhibited the 'mixed' form of ATP-gated current [ Burgard et al . 
, J . 
Neurophysiol . 
82 ( 1999 ) 1590-1598; Grubb and Evans , Eur . 
J . 
Neurosci . 
11 ( 1999 ) 149-154 ] . 
Immunohistochemistry performed on individual cells indicated the expression of both P2X ( 1 ) and P2X ( 3 ) subunits . 
Electrophysiologically defined classes were histochemically uniform . 
All types were examined for the presence of substance P ( SP ) , calcitonin gene related peptide ( CGRP ) and binding of isolectin B4 ( IB4 ) . 
All subtypes expressed CGRP immunoreactivity . 
Types 5 and 8 co-expressed SP and CGRP immunoreactivity and also bound IB4 . 
Subtypes 6 and 9 were positive for neurofilament m . 
It is likely that these cells represent major classes of myelinated and unmyelinated peptide expressing nociceptors . Impaired function of prejunctional adenosine A1 receptors expressed by perivascular sympathetic nerves in DOCA-salt hypertensive rats . Ventral tegmental area ( VTA ) GABA neurons are critical substrates modulating the mesocorticolimbic dopamine system implicated in natural and drug reward . 
The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of ethanol on glutamatergic and GABAergic modulation of VTA GABA neuron electrical synaptic transmission . 
We evaluated the effects of systemic ethanol ( 0 . 05-2 . 0 g / kg i . 
p . 
) , the N-methyl-D-aspartate ( NMDA ) receptor antagonist dizocilpine ( MK-801; 0 . 05-0 . 2 mg / kg i . 
v . 
) , the connexin-36 gap junction blocker quinidine ( 5-20 mg / kg i . 
v . 
) , the fast-acting barbiturate methohexital ( Brevital; 5-10 mg / kg i . 
v . 
) , and the benzodiazepine chlordiazepoxide ( Librium; 5-10 mg / kg i . 
v . 
) , as well as in situ VTA administration of NMDA and the GABA ( A ) receptor agonist muscimol , on VTA GABA neuron spontaneous activity and internal capsule stimulus-induced poststimulus spike discharges ( ICPSDs ) . 
Systemic ethanol , quinidine , and dizocilpine reduced , whereas local NMDA enhanced , and the systemic and local GABA ( A ) receptor modulators did not significantly alter VTA GABA neuron ICPSDs . 
Ethanol potentiated dizocilpine inhibition of VTA GABA neuron ICPSDs , but not quinidine inhibition . 
In situ microelectrophoretic application of dopamine markedly enhanced VTA GABA neuron firing rate ( 131% ) , spike duration ( 124% ) , and spike coupling , which were blocked by systemic quinidine . 
These findings indicate that VTA GABA neurons are coupled electrically via gap junctions and that the inhibitory effect of ethanol on electrical transmission is primarily via inhibition of NMDA receptor-mediated excitation , not via enhancement of GABA receptor-mediated inhibition . 
Thus , the rewarding properties of ethanol may result from inhibitory effects on excitatory glutamatergic neurotransmission between electrically coupled networks of midbrain GABA neurons . High-dose methotrexate in pediatric acute lymphoblastic leukemia : impact of ABCC2 polymorphisms on plasma concentrations . Potassium channel currents in rat mesenchymal stem cells and their possible roles in cell proliferation . Role of organic cation / carnitine transporter 1 in uptake of phenformin and inhibitory effect on complex I respiration in mitochondria . Temporal relationship between aquaporin-4 and glial fibrillary acidic protein in cerebellum of neonate and adult rats administered a BBB disrupting spider venom . H2O2 generation is a limiting step in thyroid hormone biosynthesis . 
Biochemical studies have confirmed that H2O2 is generated by a thyroid Ca2 + / NADPH-dependent oxidase . 
Decreased H2O2 availability may be another mechanism of inhibition of thyroperoxidase activity produced by thioureylene compounds , as propylthiouracil ( PTU ) and methimazole ( MMI ) are antioxidant agents . 
Therefore , we analyzed whether PTU or MMI could scavenge H2O2 or inhibit thyroid NADPH oxidase activity in vitro . 
Our results show that PTU and thiourea did not significantly scavenge H2O2 . 
However , MMI significantly scavenged H2O2 at high concentrations . 
Only MMI was able to decrease the amount of H2O2 generated by the glucose-glucose oxidase system . 
On the other hand , both PTU and MMI were able to partially inhibit thyroid NADPH oxidase activity in vitro . 
As PTU did not scavenge H2O2 under the conditions used here , we presume that this drug may directly inhibit thyroid NADPH oxidase . 
Also , at the concentration necessary to inhibit NADPH oxidase activity , MMI did not scavenge H2O2 , also suggesting a direct effect of MMI on thyroid NADPH oxidase . 
In conclusion , this study shows that MMI , but not PTU , is able to scavenge H2O2 in the micromolar range and that both PTU and MMI can impair thyroid H2O2 generation in addition to their potent thyroperoxidase inhibitory effects . The term "Bartter's syndrome" comprises a set of autosomal recessively inherited renal tubular disorders characterized by hypokalemia , metabolic alkalosis , hyperreninism , and hyperaldosteronism but normal blood pressure . 
Additional clinical and biochemical features led to a classification into phenotypically different tubulopathies : Gitelman's syndrome , hyperprostaglandin E syndrome ( antenatal Bartter's syndrome ) , and classic Bartter's syndrome . 
Gitelman's syndrome results from mutations in the SLC12A3 gene encoding the human thiazide-sensitive sodium chloride cotransporter , leading to impaired reabsorption of sodium chloride in the distal convoluted tubule . 
Genetic heterogeneity of hyperprostaglandin E syndrome has been demonstrated by identification of mutations in the SLC12A1 gene as well as in the KCNJ1 gene . 
Mutations in SLC12A1 coding for the bumetanide-sensitive sodium potassium 2 chloride cotransporter ( NKCC2 ) cause defective reabsorption of sodium chloride in the thick ascending limb of Henle's loop . 
Mutations in KCNJ1 leading to loss of function of the potassium channel ROMK disrupt potassium recycling back to the tubule lumen and inhibit thereby the NKCC2 activity . 
A third gene for hyperprostaglandin E syndrome has been mapped to the short arm of chromosome 1 , and it remains to be evaluated whether other genes are involved in the pathogenesis of this disease . 
Classic Bartter's syndrome has been demonstrated to result from defective chloride transport across the basolateral membrane in the distal nephron due to mutations in the chloride channel gene CLCNKB . 
This article reviews the molecular genetic approach that has led to identification of genetic defects underlying the different hypokalemic tubulopathies . Using genetic and pharmacological approaches , we demonstrate that both RARgamma / RXRalpha heterodimers involved in repression events , as well as PPARbeta ( delta ) / RXRalpha heterodimers involved in activation events , are cell-autonomously required in suprabasal keratinocytes for the generation of lamellar granules ( LG ) , the organelles instrumental to the formation of the skin permeability barrier . 
In activating PPARbeta ( delta ) / RXRalpha heterodimers , RXRalpha is transcriptionally active as its AF-2 activation function is required and can be inhibited by an RXR-selective antagonist . 
Within repressing RARgamma / RXRalpha heterodimers , induction of the transcriptional activity of RXRalpha is subordinated to the addition of an agonistic ligand for RARgamma . 
Thus , the ligand that possibly binds and activates RXRalpha heterodimerized with PPARbeta ( delta ) cannot be a retinoic acid , as it would also bind RARgamma and relieve the RARgamma-mediated repression , thereby yielding abnormal LGs . 
Our data also demonstrate for the first time that subordination of RXR transcriptional activity to that of its RAR partner plays a crucial role in vivo , because it allows RXRs to act concomitantly , within the same cell , as heterodimerization partners for repression , as well as for activation events in which they are transcriptionally active . Aim of this research was to study the effect of some agronomic and oenological factors on the content of biogenic amines as quality index of sixty-five Abruzzo wines . 
Sum of amines was found to be decreasing in the order : red ( 19 . 3±12 . 8mgL ( -1 ) ) , rosé ( 9 . 20±6 . 34mgL ( -1 ) ) , white ( 7 . 67±3 . 84mgL ( -1 ) ) wine . 
Significant differences in relationship among amines levels and chemical and chemico-physical characteristics of red , white and rosé wine are due to their different biotechnological process and winemaking . 
Besides the aging treatment , influential seems to be the effect of the winery , regardless of the area in which it is situated . 
The single amines significantly correlated with their sum were putrescine , histamine and tyramine , even if reached levels were below toxicity threshold , demonstrating a good quality of the wines of Abruzzo whose consumption is no risk to the health of the consumer following the rules of proper nutrition . [ Long QT syndrome and Brugada syndrome : 2 aspects of the same disease? ] . Pannexins were originally thought to represent a second and redundant family of gap junction proteins in addition to the well characterized connexins . 
However , it is now evident that pannexins function as unapposed membrane channels and the major role of Panx1 is that of an ATP release channel . 
Despite the contrasting functional roles , connexins , innexins and pannexins share pharmacological properties . 
Most gap junction blockers also attenuate the function of Panx1 , including carbenoxolone , mefloquine and flufenamic acid . 
However , in contrast to connexin based gap junction channels , Panx1 channel activity can be attenuated by several groups of drugs hitherto considered very specific for other proteins . 
The drugs affecting Panx1 channels include several transport inhibitors , chloride channel blockers , mitochondrial inhibitors , P2X7 receptor ligands , inflammasome inhibitors and malaria drugs . 
These observations indicate that Panx1 may play an extended role in a wider spectrum of physiological functions . 
Alternatively , Panx1 may share structural domains with other proteins , not readily revealed by sequence alignments . 
This article is part of a Special Issue entitled 'Connexin based Mancozeb ( manganese / zinc ethylene bis-dithiocarbamate ) is an organometallic fungicide that has been associated with human neurotoxicity and neurodegeneration . 
In a high-throughput screen for modulators of KCNQ2 channel , a fundamental player modulating neuronal excitability , Mancozeb , was found to significantly potentiate KCNQ2 activity . 
Mancozeb was validated electrophysiologically as a KCNQ2 activator with an EC50 value of 0 . 92±0 . 23μM . 
Further examination showed that manganese but not zinc ethylene bis-dithiocarbamate is the active component for the positive modulation effects . 
In addition , the compounds are effective when the metal ions are substituted by iron but lack potentiation activity when the metal ions are substituted by sodium , signifying the importance of the metal ion . 
However , the iron ( Fe ( 3 + ) ) alone , organic ligands alone or the mixture of iron with the organic ligand did not show any potentiation effect , suggesting as the active ingredient is a specific complex rather than two separate additive or synergistic components . 
Our study suggests that potentiation on KCNQ2 potassium channels might be the possible mechanism of Mancozeb toxicity in the nervous system . COX-1 and 2 , intestinal integrity , and pathogenesis of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug enteropathy in mice . Mometasone furoate ( MF ) is a highly potent glucocorticoid used topically to treat inflammation in the lung , nose and on the skin . 
However , so far no information has been published on the human glucocorticoid receptor activity of the metabolites or degradation products of MF . 
We have now determined the relative receptor binding affinities of the known metabolite 6beta-OH MF and the degradation product 9 , 11-epoxy MF to understand their possible contribution to undesirable systemic side effects . 
In competition experiments with human lung glucocorticoid receptors we have determined the relative receptor affinities ( RRA ) of these substances with reference to dexamethasone ( RRA = 100 ) . 
We have discovered that 6beta-OH MF and 9 , 11-epoxy MF display RRAs of 206 + / - 15 and 220 + / - 22 , respectively . 
This level of activity is similar to that of the clinically used inhaled corticosteroid flunisolide ( RRA 180 + / - 11 ) . 
Furthermore we observed that 9 , 11-epoxy MF is a chemically reactive metabolite . 
In recovery experiments with human plasma and lung tissue we found a time dependent decrease in extractability of the compound . 
Hence , we provide data that might contribute to the understanding of the pharmacokinetics as well as the clinical effects of MF . Methionine synthase catalyzes the conversion of N5-methyltetrahydrofolate and homocysteine to tetrahydrofolate and methionine . 
Methylcobalamin ( Me-Cbl ) is tightly bound to methionine synthase and is required for enzymatic activity . 
When added to crude tissue homogenates , Me-Cbl stimulates methionine synthase but similar stimulation is observed with hydroxocobalamin , cyanocobalamin ( CN-Cbl ) , and adenosyl-Cbl , although the mechanisms involved are unknown . 
We prepared human apomethionine synthase and studied its activation in the presence of [ 14C ] CN-Cbl and [ 14CH3 ] Me-Cbl with concentrations of 2-mercaptoethanol ranging from 0 . 15 to 100 mM . 
We observed that the removal of the labeled upper axial ligands from CN-Cbl and Me-Cbl both paralleled the activation of human apomethionine synthase . 
Spectral studies employing CN-Cbl and Me-Cbl showed that both forms of Cbl must be converted to Cob ( II ) alamin before they can bind to human apomethionine synthase and convert it to its activated holoenzyme form . 
Studies with 14 different Cbl analogues with alterations in various portions of the corrin ring and the nucleotide showed that all of the analogues were able to fully activate human methionine synthase when they were reduced with 2-mercaptoethanol . 
Full activation occurred at lower concentrations of many of the Cbl analogues than occurred with Cbl itself . 
We conclude that Me-Cbl and other forms of Cob ( III ) alamin do not bind to human apomethionine synthase and that all must first be reduced to Cob ( II ) alamin before such binding can occur . 
The fact that human methionine synthase shows little absolute specificity for alterations in various portions of the Cbl molecule suggests that the potent inhibition of mammalian methionine synthase activity observed in vivo with various Cbl analogues is due to inhibition of intracellular Cbl transport or to inhibition of the enzymatic formation of Cob ( II ) alamin rather than to direct inhibition of mammalian methionine synthase itself . Selective histamine-H1 receptor antagonists inhibit adenosine 5'-monophosphate ( AMP ) -induced bronchoconstriction by greater than 80% when expressed as a percentage inhibition of the FEV1 time-response curve following inhalation of the provocation concentration of AMP required to produce a 20% decrease in FEV1 from baseline ( PC20 ) . 
To investigate this further we have determined that , in eight mild atopic asthmatic subjects , terfenadine ( 180 mg ) , administered 3 hr pre-challenge , increases the geometric mean PC20 for histamine from 0 . 4 ( range 0 . 03-3 ) mg / ml after placebo , to 20 . 2 ( range 0 . 6-64 ) mg / ml following active treatment ( P less than 0 . 0001 ) . 
For AMP , the PC20 increased from 9 . 3 ( range 1 . 0-113 . 3 ) mg / ml after placebo , to 150 . 2 ( range 32 . 1-1177 . 7 ) mg / ml with terfenadine ( P less than 0 . 0001 ) . 
This 16 . 2-fold ( range , 5 . 5-47 . 9 ) displacement to the right of the AMP concentration-response curve by a selective histamine-H1 receptor antagonist emphasizes the central role of histamine in the airways response to this nucleotide . FAUC 213 , a highly selective dopamine D4 receptor full antagonist , exhibits atypical antipsychotic properties in behavioural and neurochemical models of schizophrenia . GH receptor ( GHR ) gene-disrupted mice ( GHR- / - ) have provided countless discoveries as to the numerous actions of GH . 
Many of these discoveries highlight the importance of GH in adipose tissue . 
For example GHR- / - mice are insulin sensitive yet obese with preferential enlargement of the sc adipose depot . 
GHR- / - mice also have elevated levels of leptin , resistin , and adiponectin , compared with controls leading some to suggest that GH may negatively regulate certain adipokines . 
To help clarify the role that GH exerts specifically on adipose tissue in vivo , we selectively disrupted GHR in adipose tissue to produce Fat GHR Knockout ( FaGHRKO ) mice . 
Surprisingly , FaGHRKOs shared only a few characteristics with global GHR- / - mice . 
Like the GHR- / - mice , FaGHRKO mice are obese with increased total body fat and increased adipocyte size . 
However , FaGHRKO mice have increases in all adipose depots with no improvements in measures of glucose homeostasis . 
Furthermore , resistin and adiponectin levels in FaGHRKO mice are similar to controls ( or slightly decreased ) unlike the increased levels found in GHR- / - mice , suggesting that GH does not regulate these adipokines directly in adipose tissue in vivo . 
Other features of FaGHRKO mice include decreased levels of adipsin , a near-normal GH / IGF-1 axis , and minimal changes to a large assortment of circulating factors that were measured such as IGF-binding proteins . 
In conclusion , specific removal of GHR in adipose tissue is sufficient to increase adipose tissue and decrease circulating adipsin . 
However , removal of GHR in adipose tissue alone is not sufficient to increase levels of resistin or adiponectin and does not alter glucose metabolism . Eosinophilia may be associated with reactive conditions and with clonal disorders of the hematopoietic cells . 
The hypereosinophilic syndrome takes an intermedier place in this group . 
In this disease a sustained eosinophilia with end organ damage can occur . 
The author summarized the diagnostic procedures and differential diagnosis in the group of these diseases focusing on characteristics and treatment of hypereosinophilic syndrome . 
The treatment has been varied and included steroids , hydroxyurea , interferon-alpha , and in some cases chemotherapy . 
On the basis of FIP1L1-PDGFRa fusion gene hypereosinophilic syndrome would be classified as a clonal disease and in the FIP1L1-PDGFRa positive cases the tyrosine kinase inhibitor imatinib mesylate ( Glivec ) would be effective . Tetrahydrobiopterin in nitric oxide synthesis : a novel biological role for pteridines . Bupropion , an efficacious antidepressant and smoking cessation agent , inhibits dopamine and norepinephrine transporters ( DAT and NET , respectively ) . 
Recently , bupropion has been reported to noncompetitively inhibit alpha3beta2 , alpha3beta4 , and alpha4beta2 nicotinic acetylcholine receptors ( nAChRs ) expressed in Xenopus oocytes or established cell lines . 
The present study evaluated bupropion-induced inhibition of native alpha3beta2* and alpha3beta4* nAChRs using functional neurotransmitter release assays , nicotine-evoked [ ( 3 ) H ] overflow from superfused rat striatal slices preloaded with [ ( 3 ) H ] dopamine ( [ ( 3 ) H ] DA ) , and nicotine-evoked [ ( 3 ) H ] overflow from hippocampal slices preloaded with [ ( 3 ) H ] norepinephrine ( [ ( 3 ) H ] NE ) . 
The mechanism of inhibition was evaluated using Schild analysis . 
To eliminate the interaction of bupropion with DAT or NET , nomifensine or desipramine , respectively , was included in the superfusion buffer . 
A high bupropion concentration ( 100 microM ) elicited intrinsic activity in the [ ( 3 ) H ] DA release assay . 
However , none of the concentrations ( 1 nM-100 microM ) examined evoked [ ( 3 ) H ] NE overflow and , thus , were without intrinsic activity in this assay . 
Moreover , bupropion inhibited both nicotine-evoked [ ( 3 ) H ] DA overflow ( IC ( 50 ) = 1 . 27 microM ) and nicotine-evoked [ ( 3 ) H ] NE overflow ( IC ( 50 ) = 323 nM ) at bupropion concentrations well below those eliciting intrinsic activity . 
Results from Schild analyses suggest that bupropion competitively inhibits nicotine-evoked [ ( 3 ) H ] DA overflow , whereas evidence for receptor reserve was obtained upon assessment of bupropion inhibition of nicotine-evoked [ ( 3 ) H ] NE overflow . 
Thus , bupropion acts as an antagonist at alpha3beta2* and alpha3beta4* nAChRs in rat striatum and hippocampus , respectively , across the same concentration range that inhibits DAT and NET function . 
The combination of nAChR and transporter inhibition produced by bupropion may contribute to its clinical efficacy as a smoking cessation agent . Dihydroergotamine produces external carotid vasoconstriction in vagosympathectomized dogs by 5-HT ( 1B / 1D ) receptors and alpha ( 2 ) -adrenoceptors . 
This study identified the specific subtypes involved in this response . 
One-minute intracarotid infusions of dihydroergotamine ( 5 . 6-10 microg / min ) dose-dependently decreased external carotid blood flow without affecting blood pressure or heart rate . 
This response was : ( 1 ) partly blocked in dogs pretreated intravenously with the antagonists SB224289 ( 5-HT ( 1B ) ; 2 , 3 , 6 , 7-tetrahydro-1'-methyl-5- [ 2'-methyl-4' ( 5-methyl-1 , 2 , 4-oxadiazol-3-yl ) biphenyl-4-carbonyl ] furo [ 2 , 3-f ] indole-3-spiro-4'-p iperidine hydrochloride ) , rauwolscine ( alpha ( 2 ) ) , BRL44408 ( alpha ( 2A ) ; 2- [ 2H- ( 1-methyl-1 , 3-dihydroisoindole ) methyl ] -4 , 5-dihydroimidazole ) or MK912 ( alpha ( 2C ) ; ( 2S , 12bS ) -1'3'-dimethylspiro ( 1 , 3 , 4 , 5' , 6 , 6' , 7 , 12b-octahydro-2Hbenzo [ b ] furo [ 2 , 3-a ] q uinazoline ) -2 , 4'-pyrimidin-2'-one ) ; ( 2 ) markedly blocked after SB224289 plus rauwolscine; and ( 3 ) unaffected after BRL15572 ( 5-HT ( 1D ) ; 1- ( 3-chlorophenyl ) -4- [ 3 , 3-diphenyl ( 2- ( S , R ) hydroxypropanyl ) piperazine ] hydrochloride ) or imiloxan ( alpha ( 2B ) ) . 
Therefore , the above response involves 5-HT ( 1B ) receptors and alpha ( 2A / 2C ) -adrenoceptors . Trichostatin A ( TSA ) has been shown to prevent fibrosis in vitro and in vivo . 
The present study aimed at investigating the role of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) scavenging by TSA on transforming growth factor-β ( TGF-β ) -induced myofibroblast differentiation of corneal fibroblasts in vitro . 
Human immortalized corneal fibroblasts were treated with TGF-β in the presence of TSA , the NAD ( P ) H oxidase inhibitor diphenyleneiodonium ( DPI ) , the antioxidant N-acetyl-cysteine ( NAC ) , the NF-E2-related factor 2-antioxidant response element ( Nrf2-ARE ) activator sulforaphane , or small interfering RNA . 
Myofibroblast differentiation was assessed by α-smooth muscle actin ( α-SMA ) expression , F-actin bundle formation , and collagen gel contraction . 
ROS , H ( 2 ) O ( 2 ) , intracellular glutathione ( GSH ) level , cellular total antioxidant capacity , and the activation of Nrf2-ARE signaling were determined with various assays . 
Treatment with TSA and the Nrf2-ARE activator resulted in increased inhibition of the TGF-β-induced myofibroblast differentiation as compared with treatment with DPI or NAC . 
Furthermore , TSA also decreased cellular ROS and H ( 2 ) O ( 2 ) accumulation induced by TGF-β , whereas it elevated intracellular GSH level and cellular total antioxidant capacity . 
In addition , TSA induced Nrf2 nuclear translocation and up-regulated the expression of Nrf2-ARE downstream antioxidant genes , whereas Nrf2 knockdown by RNA interference blocked the inhibition of TSA on myofibroblast differentiation . 
In conclusion , this study provides the first evidence implicating that TSA inhibits TGF-β-induced ROS accumulation and myofibroblast differentiation via enhanced Nrf2-ARE signaling . Iron and zinc bioavailability in Caco-2 cells : influence of caseinophosphopeptides . Propofol , a widely used intravenous general anesthetic , acts at anesthetic concentrations as a positive allosteric modulator of γ-aminobutyric acid type A receptors and at higher concentration as an inhibitor of nicotinic acetylcholine receptors ( nAChRs ) . 
Here , we characterize propofol binding sites in a muscle-type nAChR by use of a photoreactive analog of propofol , 2-isopropyl-5- [ 3- ( trifluoromethyl ) -3H-diazirin-3-yl ] phenol ( AziPm ) . 
Based upon radioligand binding assays , AziPm stabilized the Torpedo nAChR in the resting state , whereas propofol stabilized the desensitized state . 
nAChR-rich membranes were photolabeled with [ ( 3 ) H ] AziPm , and labeled amino acids were identified by Edman degradation . 
[ ( 3 ) H ] AziPm binds at three sites within the nAChR transmembrane domain : ( i ) an intrasubunit site in the δ subunit helix bundle , photolabeling in the nAChR desensitized state ( + agonist ) δM2-18' and two residues in δM1 ( δPhe-232 and δCys-236 ) ; ( ii ) in the ion channel , photolabeling in the nAChR resting , closed channel state ( -agonist ) amino acids in the M2 helices ( αM2-6' , βM2-6' and -13' , and δM2-13' ) that line the channel lumen ( with photolabeling reduced by >90% in the desensitized state ) ; and ( iii ) at the γ-α interface , photolabeling αM2-10' . 
Propofol enhanced [ ( 3 ) H ] AziPm photolabeling at αM2-10' . 
Propofol inhibited [ ( 3 ) H ] AziPm photolabeling within the δ subunit helix bundle at lower concentrations ( IC50 = 40 μm ) than it inhibited ion channel photolabeling ( IC50 = 125 μm ) . 
These results identify for the first time a single intrasubunit propofol binding site in the nAChR transmembrane domain and suggest that this is the functionally relevant inhibitory binding site . Neuroblastoma , a common pediatric malignancy of neural crest origin , is unique in its wide spectrum of clinical and biological behavior , ranging from spontaneous regression or differentiation to rapid progression and metastasis . 
Overexpression of neurotrophin receptors of the tyrosine kinase ( Trk ) family has been identified as a major prognostic and biological factor for this disease . 
Novel molecules were selected using cheminformatics tools ( SBVS & LBVS ) and screened in cell-based assays to modulate Trk receptor activity . 
One compound ( C390-0031 ) had a potent anti-proliferative activity in dose-response studies using neuroblastoma cell lines . 
The molecular effects of this molecule were further characterized by using cell-cycle and western blot analysis . 
Interestingly , despite the presence of the anchoring fragment to the Trk kinase domain composing its structure , this molecule does not inhibit TrkA like lestaurtinib , constituting a new chemical with a yet unknown mechanism of action . 
This article is protected by copyright . 
All rights reserved . Vitamin B-6 deficiency suppresses the hepatic transsulfuration pathway but increases glutathione concentration in rats fed AIN-76A or AIN-93G diets . Olmesartan medoxomil is a new non-peptide angiotensin ( A ) II antagonist under development for treating hypertension . 
It is a pro-drug containing an ester moiety that , after oral administration , is rapidly cleaved to release the active form olmesartan ( RNH-6270 ) . 
In vitro , olmesartan is a highly potent , competitive and selective All AT1 receptor antagonist with almost no antagonistic activity on AT2 and AT4 receptors . 
Olmesartan produces selective insurmountable inhibition of All-induced contractions of the guinea-pig aorta and is much more potent than losartan in reducing maximal responses . 
In vivo , intravenous olmesartan produces a rapid and long-lasting inhibition of All-induced pressor responses in conscious rats . 
Oral olmesartan medoxomil also inhibits All-pressor response but onset of the action is slower compared with intravenous administration . 
Following oral administration , olmesartan has a faster onset but similar potency when compared with candesartan cilexetil , and clearly exceeds losartan in both respects . 
Oral olmesartan medoxomil exhibits dose-dependent antihypertensive effects in several rat and dog models , with the most marked effects seen in high plasma renin models , when compared with normal or low renin types . 
Haemodynamic studies in spontaneously hypertensive rats and normotensive dogs showed intravenous olmesartan selectively reduces renal vascular resistance , which suggests that vasodilatation in the renal vascular bed contributes most to the antihypertensive action of the drug . 
Long-term treatment with olmesartan medoxomil exhibits , beside antihypertensive effects , beneficial effects in animal models of various types of nephrosis and heart failure , and anti-atherogenic effects in hyperlipidaemic animals . 
Olmesartan medoxomil is worthy of clinical development in essential and renal hypertension , particularly where renal function is threatened by underlying diabetic disease . Molecular model of anticonvulsant drug binding to the voltage-gated sodium channel inner pore . Biodegradation and heart retention of polymeric microparticles in a rat model of myocardial ischemia . Tris ( 1 , 3-dichloro-2-propyl ) phosphate ( TDCPP ) has been frequently detected in the environment and in various biota , including fish , and has been implicated in disruption of the thyroid endocrine system . 
In the present study , zebrafish ( Danio rerio ) embryos were exposed to different concentrations of TDCPP ( 10 , 50 , 100 , 300 and 600 μg / L ) from 2 h post-fertilization ( hpf ) to 144 hpf . 
Developmental endpoints , and whole-body concentrations of thyroid hormones and transcriptional profiles of genes involved in the hypothalamic-pituitary-thyroid ( HPT ) axis were examined . 
Exposure to TDCPP caused a dose-dependent developmental toxicity , including decreased body weight , reduced hatching , survival and heartbeat rates , and increased malformation ( spinal curvature ) . 
Treatment with the positive control chemical 3 , 3' , 5-triiodo-l-thyronine ( T3 ) significantly decreased whole-body thyroxin ( T4 ) concentrations , increased whole-body T3 concentrations , and upregulated mRNA expression involved in the HPT axis as a compensatory mechanism . 
These results suggested that the HPT axis in 144-hpf zebrafish larvae was responsive to chemical exposure and could be used to evaluate the effects of chemicals on the thyroid endocrine system . 
TDCPP exposure significantly decreased whole-body T4 concentrations and increased whole-body T3 concentrations , indicating thyroid endocrine disruption . 
The upregulation of genes related to thyroid hormone metabolism ( dio1 and ugt1ab ) might be responsible for decreased T4 concentrations . 
Treatment with TDCPP also significantly increased transcription of genes involved in thyroid hormone synthesis ( tshβ , slc5a5 and tg ) and thyroid development ( hhex , nkx2 . 1 and pax8 ) as a compensatory mechanism for decreased T4 concentrations . 
Taken together , these results suggest that TDCPP alters the transcription of genes involved in the HPT axis and changes whole-body concentrations of thyroid hormones in zebrafish embryos / larvae , thus causing an endocrine disruption of the thyroid system . Mesenchymal stem cells ( MSC ) have shown considerable promise for the regeneration and repair of damaged tissue . 
However , the electrophysiological properties of K + channels in MSC are not well established and little is known about the role of K + channels in the regulation of MSC proliferation . 
We detected three distinct outward currents in MSC : ( i ) a delayed rectifier current ( IK ( DR ) ) ; ( ii ) a Ca2 + -activated K + current ( IK ( Ca ) ) ; and ( iii ) a transient outward K + current ( Ito ) . 
All three were present either alone or in combination in almost all cells ( 90% ) investigated . 
However , 10% of cells did not express a functional current within physiological potentials . 
Reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction was used to identify mRNA associated with functional ionic currents . 
Kv1 . 2 and Kv2 . 1 were associated with IK ( DR ) ; Slo and KCNN4 were associated with IK ( Ca ) ; and Kv1 . 4 and Kv4 . 3 were associated with Ito . 
The Kv channel blockers amiodarone , tetraethylammonium and verapamil , as well as increased extracellular K + levels , inhibited proliferation of cultured MSC . 
In MSC treated with Kv channel blockers or an increased extracellular concentration of K + , the proportion of cells in the S phase decreased significantly and the proportion of cells in the G ( 0 ) / G ( 1 ) phase tended to increase , indicating that the cells were prevented from entering the S phase of the cell cycle . 
Our findings suggest that rat MSC heterogeneously express distinct types of K + current , of which the voltage-gated IK ( DR ) -like K + current is most common . 
Kv channel activity modulates the progression of the cell cycle , affecting the proliferation of MSC . Hyperhomocysteinemia , a well-recognized cardiovascular risk factor , is frequent in hemodialysis ( HD ) patients . 
A common polymorphism in the 5 , 10-methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase ( MTHFR ) gene , C-->T substitution at nucleotide 677 , is associated with homocysteine ( Hcy ) level elevation . 
We examined whether three factors involved in the methionine cycle could influence plasma Hcy concentrations in HD patients : MTHFR polymorphism; vitamin B12 , an essential cofactor; and folate , the substrate . 
In a cross-sectional study , serum vitamin B12 , folate , and plasma Hcy were measured and MTHFR genotyping was performed in 534 HD patients . 
Effects of MTHFR genotypes , vitamin B12 , and folate on plasma Hcy levels were examined in 450 HD patients not administered vitamin B12 or folate . 
To examine the effect of vitamin B12 on plasma Hcy concentrations , we compared plasma Hcy concentrations in HD patients with and without vitamin B12 supplementation . 
To examine whether functional vitamin B12 deficiency exists even in HD patients with normal vitamin B12 concentrations , 15 HD patients ( serum vitamin B12 concentrations , 250 to 2 , 100 pg / mL ) were treated with vitamin B12 ( mecobalamin , 1 . 5 mg / d ) for 8 weeks . 
Serum concentrations of methylmalonic acid ( MMA ) and vitamin B12 were measured . 
Hcy levels were higher and folate levels were lower in patients with the TT and CT genotypes compared with patients with the CC genotype . 
Analysis of covariance to determine independent predictors of high Hcy levels identified low serum vitamin B12 and folate levels and high albumin ( Alb ) levels in CC-genotype patients , low folate levels and high Alb levels in CT-genotype patients , and low folate levels in TT-genotype patients . 
Plasma Hcy levels were lower in CC- and CT-genotype patients with vitamin B12 supplementation than in those without supplementation . 
Vitamin B12 supplementation for 8 weeks significantly reduced MMA concentrations in HD patients with normal serum vitamin B12 concentrations . 
These results indicate that MTHFR genotype influences the correlation of Hcy level with vitamin B12 and folate levels in HD patients . 
Functional vitamin B12 deficiency may exist , even in HD patients with normal vitamin B12 concentrations . 
The efficacy of vitamin B12 and folate supplementation on plasma Hcy levels may depend on MTHFR genotype . The mechanisms responsible for garlic - drug interactions and their in vivo relevance . Polymorphisms in the vitamin D receptor gene and risk of autoimmune thyroid diseases : a meta-analysis . Sparstolonin B ( SsnB ) is an isocoumarin compound isolated from the tubers of both Sparganium stoloniferum and Scirpus yagara . 
We previously demonstrated that SsnB blocked the Toll-like receptor ( TLR ) 2- and TLR4-triggered inflammatory signaling in macrophages by inhibiting the recruitment of MyD88 to the TIR domains of TLR2 and TLR4 . 
The present study was designed to examine the effects of SsnB on vascular inflammatory responses in human umbilical vein endothelial cells ( HUVECs ) challenged by lipopolysaccharide ( LPS , a TLR4 ligand ) . 
We found that SsnB dose-dependently attenuated the LPS-induced expression of interleukin ( IL ) -1β and monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 both at the transcription and translation levels in HUVEC . 
LPS-induced endothelial cell adhesion molecules , intercellular adhesion molecular-1 and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 expressions were also reduced by treatment with SsnB . 
In addition , co-incubation with SsnB attenuated THP-1 monocyte adhesion to LPS-activated HUVECs . 
Furthermore , SsnB efficiently suppressed LPS-induced phosphorylation of extracellular -signal-regulated kinase ( Erk1 / 2 ) and Akt in HUVECs . 
These findings show that SsnB can suppress endothelial cell inflammation , suggesting that SsnB might be suitable for development as a therapeutic agent for inflammatory cardiovascular disease . Many patients with X-linked retinitis pigmentosa ( XLRP ) have lower than normal blood levels of the long-chain polyunsaturated omega3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid ( DHA; 22 : 6omega3 ) . 
This clinical trial was designed to test whether down-regulation of DHA biosynthesis might be responsible for these reduced DHA levels . 
DHA biosynthesis was assessed in five severely affected patients with XLRP and in five age-matched controls by quantifying conversion of [ U- ( 13 ) C ] alpha-linolenic acid ( alpha-LNA ) to [ ( 13 ) C ] DHA . 
Following oral administration of [ U- ( 13 ) C ] alpha-LNA , blood samples were collected at designated intervals for 21 days and isotopic enrichment of all omega3 fatty acids was determined by gas chromatography / mass spectroscopy . 
Activity of each metabolic step in the conversion of alpha-LNA to DHA was determined by comparison of the ratios of the integrated concentration of ( 13 ) C-product to ( 13 ) C-precursor in plasma total lipid fractions . 
The ratio of [ ( 13 ) C ] DHA to [ ( 13 ) C ] 18 : 3omega3 ( the entire pathway ) and that of [ ( 13 ) C ] 20 : 5omega3 to [ ( 13 ) C ] 20 : 4omega3 ( Delta ( 5 ) -desaturase ) were significantly lower in patients versus controls ( P = 0 . 03 and 0 . 05 , respectively ) . 
The estimated biosynthetic rates of [ ( 13 ) C ] 20 : 5omega3 , [ ( 13 ) C ] 22 : 5omega3 , [ ( 13 ) C ] 24 : 5omega3 , [ ( 13 ) C ] 24 : 6omega3 , and [ ( 13 ) C ] 22 : 6omega3 were significantly lower in XLRP patients ( 42% , 43% , 31% , 18% , and 32% of control values , respectively; P < 0 . 04 ) , supporting down-regulation of Delta ( 5 ) -desaturase in XLRP . 
The disappearance of ( 13 ) C-labeled fatty acids from plasma was not greater in XLRP patients compared with controls , suggesting that XLRP was not associated with increased rates of fatty acid oxidation or other routes of catabolism . 
Thus , despite individual variation among both patients and controls , the data are consistent with a lower rate of Delta ( 5 ) -desaturation , suggesting that decreased biosynthesis of DHA may contribute to lower blood levels of DHA in patients with XLRP . Adenylosuccinate synthetase ( AdSS ) functions at the branchpoint of purine nucleotide metabolism leading to the synthesis of AMP . 
The enzyme is inhibited by a metabolite of alanosine , an aspartic acid analog that is highly cytotoxic for most cells . 
We show here that it is possible to use alanosine selection to isolate from a population of transformants those cells having the highest levels of AdSS activity resulting from uptake and expression of AdSS minigenes . 
Transformants isolated in this way were selected for resistance to even higher concentrations of alanosine and resulted in the isolation of cells with highly amplified copies of the transfected AdSS minigenes . 
We demonstrated that nonselectable genes can be cotransferred and coamplified with AdSS minigenes . 
These findings indicate that AdSS minigenes can be used as dominant amplifiable genetic markers in mammalian cells . Neurochemical properties of ramelteon ( TAK-375 ) , a selective MT1 / MT2 receptor agonist . [ Effects of mifepristone on expression of estrogen receptor and progesterone receptor in cultured human eutopic and ectopic endometria ] . Characterization of the interaction of ingenol 3-angelate with protein kinase C . Opiate drugs such as morphine stimulate food intake in rats . 
The morphine metabolite , morphine-6beta-glucuronide ( M6G ) , is more active than morphine in analgesic assays , and appears to act through distinct receptors . 
Thus , although morphine analgesia is decreased by antisense oligodeoxynucleotides ( AS ODNs ) targeting exons 1 and 4 of the MOR-1 clone , M6G analgesia is reduced by probes targeting exons 2 and 3 of the MOR-1 clone . 
Our study examined whether central administration of M6G increased food intake in rats , and characterized this response using either selective mu , kappa1 , delta1 and delta2 antagonists , or antisense directed against the various cloned opioid receptors . 
Central M6G ( 10-1000 ng ) significantly and dose-dependently increased intake after 4 hr . 
Whereas mu antagonism with betaFNA significantly and dose-dependently reduced M6G-induced hyperphagia , equimolar doses of delta1 , delta2 , and kappa1 antagonists were ineffective . 
AS ODNs directed against either exons 2 or 3 of the MOR-1 clone blocked M6G-induced hyperphagia , whereas either AS ODNs directed against exons 1 or 4 , or a MS ODN directed against exon 2 were ineffective . 
In contrast , an AS ODN probe directed against exon 1 , but not exon 2 , of the MOR-1 clone reduced morphine-induced hyperphagia , an effect identical to DAMGO-induced hyperphagia . 
Whereas M6G-induced hyperphagia was insensitive to antisense probes directed against the DOR-1 , KOR-1 and KOR-3 / ORL1 clones , these probes respectively reduced hyperphagia induced by deltorphin II , U50488H and nociceptin . 
Although pharmacological data indicate that M6G-induced hyperphagia acts through mu receptors , antisense data imply that the hyperphagic actions of M6G are mediated by a receptor distinct from traditional mu agonists , either as an alternative splice variant of the MOR-1 clone or a distinct gene . Cytokines may be crucially involved in the pathogenesis of inflammatory bowel diseases ( IBD ) , but it remains controversial whether interferon ( IFN ) -gamma , a typical proinflammatory cytokine , is an essential mediator to cause the disorders . 
In the present study , IFN-gamma ( - / - ) and wild-type ( WT ) C57BL / 6 mice were fed 2 . 5% dextran sodium sulphate ( DSS ) in drinking water for 7 days , in order to investigate DSS-induced intestinal inflammation . 
The DSS-treated WT mice exhibited a robust production of IFN-gamma in the gut , a remarkable loss of body weight , as well as high rate of mortality ( 60% ) . 
In striking contrast , IFN-gamma deficient mice did not develop DSS-induced colitis , as indicated by the maintenance of body weight and survival rate of 100% . 
Severe intestinal inflammation was demonstrated exclusively in WT animals in terms of the shortening of the bowel as well as the elevation of the disease activity index , myeloperoxidase ( MPO ) activity and serum haptoglobin level . 
Histological study of DSS-treated WT intestine revealed disruption of mucosal epithelium and massive infiltration of inflammatory cells , while the organ from IFN-gamma ( - / - ) mice remained virtually normal in appearance . 
Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay ( ELISA ) analyses indicated abundant production of three chemokines , i . 
e . 
monokine induced by interferon-gamma ( MIG ) , interferon-inducible protein 10 ( IP-10 ) and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 ( MCP-1 ) , in the DSS-irritated intestine of WT but not of IFN-gamma ( - / - ) mice . 
The present results demonstrate clearly that IFN-gamma plays indispensable roles in the initiation of DSS colitis , and some chemokines are produced in an IFN-gamma-dependent fashion . The term neuroenhancement refers to improvement in the cognitive , emotional and motivational functions of healthy individuals through , inter alia , the use of drugs . 
Of known interventions , psychopharmacology provides readily available options , such as the anti-dementia drugs , e . 
g . 
acetylcholinesterase inhibitors ( donepezil , galantamine , rivastigmine ) and memantine . 
Based on a systematic review we found that expectations about the potential of these drugs exceed their actual effects , as has been demonstrated in randomised controlled trials . 
Both single and repeated dose trials were included in the systematic review , however repeated dose trials have only been conducted for donepezil . 
In six small trials lasting 14-42 days , the following results emerged : donepezil improved the retention of training on complex aviation tasks and verbal memory for semantically processed words . 
In one study episodic memory was improved , whereas in others it remained unaffected by donepezil . 
In a sleep deprivation trial , donepezil reduced the memory and attention deficits resulting from 24h of sleep deprivation . 
Two studies reported even transient negative effects . 
Regarding the safety profile of donepezil , these studies found that it was rather well tolerated . 
In any case , since large longitudinal studies are not available no conclusions can be drawn . 
Seven small studies about the effects of a single dose of memantine , and one study with a single dose of rivastigmine have been reported . 
Again , these studies are not adequate to answer our research question . 
If , as here and elsewhere suggested , the concept of pharmaceutical neuroenhancement is not to be rejected in principle , the decision of healthy individuals to take drugs for the purpose of neuroenhancement should be based on exhaustive information . 
At the moment , the research that would support or oppose the use of acetylcholinesterase inhibitors and memantine for neuroenhancement by healthy individuals has not yet been performed . Oregovomab : anti-CA-125 monoclonal antibody B43 . 13--AltaRex , B43 . 13 , MAb B43 . 13 , monoclonal antibody B43 . 13 . The androgen receptor ( AR ) is a steroid hormone receptor that functions as a ligand-dependent transcriptional factor , which plays a key role in the development and progression of prostate cancer . 
Recent advancement in high throughput technologies including microarrays and deep-sequencing provides unbiased genome-wide knowledge on the AR signaling including datasets for androgen-regulated gene expression and genomic binding sites for AR . 
In the present review , we will briefly summarize the main features of the AR signaling as well as the individual AR target genes identified by the integration of multiple datasets in prostate cancer . 
Cap analysis gene expression ( CAGE ) is also featured as a unique transcriptome method , which particularly determines the androgen-dependent transcription start points in prostate cancer . Differences in conformational stability between native and phosphorylated acetylcholinesterase as evidenced by a monoclonal antibody . There is interrelationship between the immune and nervous systems that is accomplished by the molecular mediators . 
Dopamine is one of the most important neurotransmitters . 
Five different dopamine receptor genes ( DRD1 , DRD2 , DRD3 , DRD4 , and DRD5 ) have been recognized and cloned . 
The expression of the dopamine receptors is well characterized in the brain but little work has been done to examine their expression in other organ tissues . 
In certain diseases of the immune and nervous systems , alterations in dopamine receptors gene expression in different cells have been reported . 
This suggests that dopamine and its receptors have important role in pathophysiology of above-mentioned diseases . 
In the present study , using Real Time Polymerase Chain Reaction ( PCR ) technique , we investigated dopamine receptors genes expression in PBMC of normal individuals . 
The PBMC was separated from normal whole blood by Ficoll-hypaque; the total cellular RNA was then extracted and the cDNA was synthesized . 
This process followed by real time-PCR using primer pairs specific for five dopamine receptors mRNAs and beta-actin as internal control . 
The results showed the presence of all types of dopamine receptors in lymphocytes of normal individuals . 
The specificities of the obtained PCR products for the respective dopamine receptors fragments were confirmed by sequenced analysis capillary system . 
In conclusion , the present study has shown that human lymphocytes express five dopamine receptors DR1-DR5 . 
However , the conclusive evidence on the possible function of these receptors in lymphocytes remains unknown . 
Because lymphocytes express all of the five neuronal dopamine receptors , it is quite reasonable to consider them as a model of dopaminergic neuron . Novel agents that potentially inhibit irinotecan-induced diarrhea . BACKGROUND : Panitumumab , formerly known as ABX-EGF , was the first recombinant human immunoglobulin G2 monoclonal antibody approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of patients with epidermal growth factor receptor-expressing metastatic colorectal cancer ( mCRC ) refractory to fluoropyrimidine- , oxaliplatin- , and / or irinotecan-containing chemotherapeutic regimens . 
OBJECTIVE : The purpose of this review was to evaluate the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic properties , clinical efficacy , and safety profile of panitumumab in the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer . 
METHODS : Computerized searches of MEDLINE and International Pharmaceutical Abstracts from 1985 to August 15 , 2007 , were performed with the search terms panitumumab , ABX-EGF , EGFr , and colorectal cancer . 
All available clinical trials and ongoing trials were included in this review . 
Relevant abstracts presented at the annual meetings of the American Society of Clinical Oncology , American Association for Cancer Research , and Gastrointestinal Cancer Symposium ( 1999-2007 ) also were reviewed and included . 
RESULTS : Preclinical and clinical studies have established a role for panitumumab in mCRC refractory to multiple chemotherapeutic regimens . 
In a Phase III trial of panitumumab plus best supportive care ( BSC ) versus BSC alone in patients with refractory mCRC , panitumumab was found to have efficacy in time-related end points , such as progression-free survival . 
In the panitumumab group , a significant ( 46% ) reduction in tumor progression rate was reported compared with BSC ( hazard ratio , 0 . 54; 95% CI , 0 . 44-0 . 66; P < 0 . 001 ) . 
At the present time , the use of panitumumab as first-line treatment for mCRC with standard chemotherapy and bevacizumab is not indicated due to increased toxicity with no advantage in efficacy . 
The efficacy of panitumumab is being evaluated in other solid tumors , such as lung , breast , ovarian , bladder , and head and neck cancers . 
CONCLUSION : Panitumumab appears to have relatively acceptable tolerability and is now available as an additional option for patients with mCRC refractory to multiple chemotherapeutic regimens . Currently , low levels of stable gene transfer into hematopoietic tissues of large animals and humans continues to limit the clinical application of gene therapy . 
One strategy for overcoming this problem is to selectively expand , in vivo , the population of successfully gene-modified cells . 
Recent work has shown that nucleoside transport inhibition in combination with antifolates can be used to select in vivo for hematopoietic stem cells expressing drug-resistant dihydrofolate reductase ( DHFR ) . 
In this study we investigated whether trimetrexate ( TMTX ) and the nucleoside transport inhibitor prodrug nitrobenzylmercaptopurine ribose phosphate ( NBMPR-P ) can be used to select for tyr22-variant DHFR expressing transgenic hematopoietic cells in a murine bone marrow transplant model . 
Our results indicate that 40 mg / kg TMTX and 20 mg / kg NBMPR-P can be used in combination to expand transgene-positive progenitor cells 3- to 4-fold immediately following drug administration . 
In addition , long-term progenitor populations were expanded 2- to 3-fold in primary recipients , to approximately 5 months following drug administration . 
Secondary transplants conducted with marrow from primary recipients 5 months following drug administration revealed a statistically significant selective expansion of transgene-positive cells in the spleens and peripheral blood of these animals . 
No such expansion was observed in groups of mice treated with TMTX alone or NBMPR-P alone . 
We conclude that TMTX + NBMPR-P can be used to selectively expand transgenic tyr22-variant DHFR expressing murine hematopoietic stem cells in vivo . Conivaptan : a dual vasopressin receptor v1a / v2 antagonist [ corrected ] . Unlike the majority of G protein-coupled receptors , the prostaglandin E ( 2 ) ( PGE ( 2 ) ) E-prostanoid 3 ( EP3 ) receptor binds agonist with high affinity that is insensitive to the presence of guanosine 5 [ prime ] -O- ( 3-thio ) triphosphate ( GTPγS ) . 
We report the identification of mutations that confer GTPγS sensitivity to agonist binding . 
Seven point mutations were introduced into the conserved motif in the second extracellular loop ( ECII ) of EP3 , resulting in acquisition of GTP-sensitive agonist binding . 
One receptor mutation W203A was studied in detail . 
Loss of agonist binding was observed on intact human embryonic kidney 293 cells expressing the W203A receptor , conditions where high GTP levels are present; however , high affinity binding [ ( 3 ) H ] PGE ( 2 ) was observed in broken cell preparations washed free of GTP . 
The [ ( 3 ) H ] PGE ( 2 ) binding of W203A in broken cell membrane fractions was inhibited by addition of GTPγS ( IC ( 50 ) 21 ± 1 . 8 nM ) . 
Taken together , these results suggest that the wild-type EP3 receptor displays unusual characteristics of the complex coupled equilibria between agonist-receptor and receptor-G protein interaction . 
Moreover , mutation of ECII can alter this coupled equilibrium from GTP-insensitive agonist binding to more conventional GTP-sensitive binding . 
This suggests that for the mutant receptors , ECII plays a critical role in linking the agonist bound receptor conformation to the G protein nucleotide bound state . A review of the structural and functional features of olmesartan medoxomil , an angiotensin receptor blocker . [ Plasminogen binding with decapeptide and polypeptide fragments of streptokinase ] . Amide hydrolysis of a novel chemical series of microsomal prostaglandin E synthase-1 inhibitors induces kidney toxicity in the rat . Synthesis and cytotoxicity evaluation of oleanolic acid derivatives . Structural determinants of arylacetic acid nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs necessary for binding and activation of the prostaglandin D2 receptor CRTH2 . Membrane transporter proteins : a challenge for CNS drug development . The S349T mutation of SQSTM1 links Keap1 / Nrf2 signalling to Paget's disease of bone . Histamine H1 receptor involvement in prepulse inhibition and memory function : relevance for the antipsychotic actions of clozapine . The aim of the study was to investigate the anti-asthmatic effects of baicalin ( BA ) and the possible mechanisms . 
Asthma model was established by ovalbumin ( OVA ) intraperitoneal injection . 
A total of 60 mice were randomly assigned to six experimental groups : control , model , dexamethasone ( 2 mg / kg ) , and BA ( 10 mg / kg , 20 mg / kg , 40 mg / kg ) . 
Airway resistance ( RI ) and lung compliance ( Cdyn ) were measured , histological studies were evaluated by the hematoxylin and eosin staining , Th1 / Th2 , OVA-specific serum , and BALF IgE levels and Th17 cytokines were evaluated by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay , and Th17 cells was evaluated by flow cytometry ( FCM ) . 
Our study demonstrated that BA inhibited OVA-induced increases in RI and eosinophil count; interleukin ( IL ) -4 , IL-17A levels , and Cdyn were recovered and increased IFN-γ level in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid . 
Histological studies demonstrated that BA substantially inhibited OVA-induced eosinophilia in lung tissue and airway tissue . 
FCM studies demonstrated that BA substantially inhibited Th17 cells . 
These findings suggest that BA may effectively ameliorate the progression of asthma and could be used as a therapy for patients with allergic asthma . 
Copyright © 2013 John Wiley & Sons , Ltd . PURPOSE : Although sister-P-glycoprotein ( SPGP , BSEP ) is closely related to P-glycoprotein , it is much more selective in distribution and substrate recognition . 
Moreover , because inhibition or lack of BSEP function has severe consequences including cholestasis , hepatotoxicity , exposure to toxic xenobiotics , and drug interactions , in vitro methods are necessary for quantifying and characterizing specific inhibition of BSEP . 
Therefore , the objective is to discern a method and quantitatively characterize several example BSEP inhibitors . 
METHODS : With fluorescent markers having been used successfully to evaluate and quantify inhibition of P-gp-mediated transport , this study evaluates several compounds for specific cell retention caused by BSEP inhibitors . 
In addition to the several compounds asserted to be BSEP inhibitors , the compounds suggested to be BSEP substrates might also inhibit BSEP competitively . 
Retained fluorescence of possible BSEP substrates was measured by a flow cell cytometer using transfected cells presenting the BSEP transporter specifically and abundantly . 
RESULTS : Several compounds were shown to inhibit BSEP active transport of the fluorescent substrates dihydrofluorescein and bodipy . 
The inhibition potency was quantified ( i . 
e . 
, cyclosporin A IC50 approximately 7 microM ) , revealing incongruent relative sensitivities among the substrate markers , with H2FDA generally the most sensitive of the series of substrate markers evaluated . 
CONCLUSIONS : The inconsistent sensitivities of the transport markers ( H2FDA and bodipy ) were reminiscent of the apparent multiple binding site behaviors observed for P-gp and could indicate opposing and unequal yet interacting binding sites akin to those of P-gp . 
Nonetheless , notable differences between P-gp and BSEP in marker substrate recognition / transport were apparent despite the observed overlap in xenobiotic recognition and transport . 
Thus far the most potent inhibitors seem to be cyclosporin , tamoxifen , and valinomycin . 
There are likely to be much more potent inhibitors , and other substrates also may be more sensitive to inhibition of transport . The molecular mechanisms by which cellular energy status regulates global protein synthesis in mammary epithelial cells have not been characterized . 
The objective of this study was to examine the effect of AMP-activated protein kinase ( AMPK ) activation by 2-deoxyglucose on protein synthesis and the mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1 ( mTORC1 ) signaling pathway in bovine mammary epithelial cells . 
Phosphorylation of AMPK at Thr172 increased by 1 . 4-fold within 5 min , and remained elevated throughout a 30-min time course , in response to 2-deoxyglucose . 
Global rates of protein synthesis declined by 78% of control values . 
The decline in protein synthesis was associated with repression of mTORC1 signaling , as indicated by reduced phosphorylation of ribosomal protein S6 kinase 1 and eIF4E binding protein-1 ( 4E-BP1 ) . 
Phosphorylation of ER-stress marker eIF2α was also increased but only at 30 min of 2-deoxyglucose exposure . 
2-Deoxyglucose increased phosphorylation of tuberous sclerosis complex 2 ( TSC2 ) on AMPK consensus sites but did not change the amount of TSC1 bound to TSC2 . 
Activation of AMPK did not result in changes in the amount of raptor bound to mTOR . 
The inhibitory effects of AMPK activation on mTORC1 signaling were associated with a marked increase in Ser792 phosphorylation on raptor . 
Collectively , the results suggest that activation of AMPK represses global protein synthesis in mammary epithelial cells through inhibition of mTORC1 signaling . Structure of aspartoacylase , the brain enzyme impaired in Canavan disease . PIM1 kinase inhibitors induce radiosensitization in non-small cell lung cancer cells . Low levels of serotonin may reduce the density of the serotonin transporter ( SERT ) by either increasing trafficking or reducing synthesis; a "neuroadaptive response" . 
To determine whether 3 , 4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine ( MDMA ) -induced reductions in SERT density could be related to such a mechanism , p-chlorophenylalanine or MDMA was administered to rats , and brain serotonin and SERT density were measured . 
As expected , both treatments led to serotonin depletion 1 , 7 and 14 days later . 
However , only MDMA reduced SERT density . 
This observation suggests that MDMA-induced reductions in SERT density do not represent neuroadaptive responses to decreased levels of brain serotonin , but may occur in response to some other stimulus or to the neurotoxic effects of MDMA . Effect of ifenprodil on GluN1 / GluN2B N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor gating . Effect of body-weight loading onto the articular cartilage on the occurrence of quinolone-induced chondrotoxicity in juvenile rats . Linking GABA ( A ) receptor subunits to alcohol-induced conditioned taste aversion and recovery from acute alcohol intoxication . Endometriosis is defined as the presence of endometrial glands and stroma outside the uterine cavity . 
This disease is associated with diminished protective effects of progesterone , which are usually explained by inadequate activation of progesterone receptors and also enhanced pre-receptor metabolism of progesterone . 
Endometriosis is often treated with progestins , which act as progesterone receptor agonists , although their exact mechanisms of action are not completely understood . 
The aim of the present study was to investigate how the progestins medroxyprogesterone acetate , dydrogesterone and dienogest , as well as progesterone , impact on the expression of genes of pre-receptor progesterone metabolism in Z-12 epithelial cell line , a model system of peritoneal endometriosis . 
Our data demonstrate that these progestins affect local pre-receptor metabolism to a different extent . 
The most favorable effects were seen for dydrogesterone and dienogest , where the first , dydrogesterone , significantly reduced SRD5A1 , AKR1C2 and AKR1C3 expression , and additionally had a nonsignificant impact on progesterone receptor B ( PR-B ) protein levels . 
This might slow down the first step of pre-receptor metabolism , the conversion of progesterone to 5α-dihydroprogestrone by SRD5A1 , and it might also affect further reduction of 3-keto and 20-keto groups catalyzed by AKR1C2 and AKR1C3 . 
Similarly favorable effects were seen for dienogest , which promoted significant reduction of AKR1C1 and AKR1C2 expression and also showed no effect on PR-B protein levels . 
Different effects were seen for progesterone , which significantly decreased SRD5A1 , PR-B and HSD17B2 protein levels . 
In contrast , treatment with medroxyprogesterone acetate resulted in increased AKR1C1 expression and decreased levels of PR-B , which might lead to enhanced progesterone metabolism and reduced signaling through progesterone receptors . 
Altogether , our data in this Z-12 cell model suggest that the beneficial effects of treatment with progestin observed in endometriosis patients might arise from decreased pre-receptor metabolism of the protective progesterone by the SRD5A1 and AKR1C enzymes . Cannabinoid receptor 1 ( CB ( 1 ) ) inverse agonists ( e . 
g . 
, rimonabant ) have been reported to produce adverse effects including nausea , emesis , and anhedonia that limit their clinical applications . 
Recent laboratory studies suggest that the effects of CB ( 1 ) neutral antagonists differ from those of such inverse agonists , raising the possibility of improved clinical utility . 
However , little is known regarding the antagonist properties of neutral antagonists . 
In the present studies , the CB ( 1 ) inverse agonist SR141716A ( rimonabant ) and the CB ( 1 ) neutral antagonist AM4113 were compared for their ability to modify CB ( 1 ) receptor-mediated discriminative stimulus effects in nonhuman primates trained to discriminate the novel CB ( 1 ) full agonist AM4054 . 
Results indicate that AM4054 serves as an effective CB ( 1 ) discriminative stimulus , with an onset and time course of action comparable with that of the CB ( 1 ) agonist Δ ( 9 ) -tetrahydrocannabinol , and that the inverse agonist rimonabant and the neutral antagonist AM4113 produce dose-related rightward shifts in the AM4054 dose-effect curve , indicating that both drugs surmountably antagonize the discriminative stimulus effects of AM4054 . 
Schild analyses further show that rimonabant and AM4113 produce highly similar antagonist effects , as evident in comparable pA ( 2 ) values ( 6 . 9 ) . 
Taken together with previous studies , the present data suggest that the improved safety profile suggested for CB ( 1 ) neutral antagonists over inverse agonists is not accompanied by a loss of antagonist action at CB ( 1 ) receptors . We have developed an approach termed PUB-NChIP ( proximity utilizing biotinylation with native ChIP ) to purify and study the protein composition of chromatin in proximity to a nuclear protein of interest . 
It is based on coexpression of ( 1 ) a protein of interest , fused with the bacterial biotin ligase BirA , together with ( 2 ) a histone fused to a biotin acceptor peptide ( BAP ) , which is specifically biotinylated by BirA-fusion in the proximity of the protein of interest . 
Using the RAD18 protein as a model , we demonstrate that the RAD18-proximal chromatin is enriched in some H4 acetylated species . 
Moreover , the RAD18-proximal chromatin containing a replacement histone H2AZ has a different pattern of H4 acetylation . 
Finally , biotin pulse-chase experiments show that the H4 acetylation pattern starts to resemble the acetylation pattern of total H4 after the proximity of chromatin to RAD18 has been lost . Melanoidins isolated from heated potato fiber ( Potex ) affect human colon cancer cells growth via modulation of cell cycle and proliferation regulatory proteins . Alternariol induces abnormal nuclear morphology and cell cycle arrest in murine RAW 264 . 7 macrophages . Highly selective 2 , 4-diaminopyrimidine-5-carboxamide inhibitors of Sky kinase . TRP and ASIC channels mediate the antinociceptive effect of citronellyl acetate . Mitomycin C ( MMC ) is a prototype bioreductive drug employed to treat a variety of cancers including head and neck cancer . 
Among the various enzymes , dicoumarol inhibitable cytosolic NAD ( P ) H : quinone oxidoreductase1 ( NQO1 ) was shown to catalyse bioreductive activation of MMC leading to cross-linking of the DNA and cytotoxicity . 
However , the role of NQO1 in metabolic activation of MMC has been disputed . 
In this report , we present cellular and animal models to demonstrate that NQO1 may play only a minor role in metabolic activation of MMC . 
We further demonstrate that bioreductive activation of MMC is catalysed by a unique cytosolic activity which is related but distinct from NQO1 . 
Chinese hamster ovary ( CHO ) cells were developed that permanently express higher levels of cDNA-derived NQO1 . 
These cells showed significantly increased protection against menadione toxicity . 
However , they failed to demonstrate higher cytotoxicity due to exposure to MMC under oxygen ( normal air ) or hypoxia , as compared to the wild-type control CHO cells . 
Disruption of the NQO1 gene by homologous recombination generated NQO1- / - mice that do not express the NQO1 gene resulting in the loss of NQO1 protein and activity . 
The cytosolic fractions from liver and colon tissues of NQO1- / - mice showed similar amounts of DNA cross-linking upon exposure to MMC , as observed in NQO1 + / + mice . 
The unique cytosolic activity that activated MMC in cytosolic fractions of liver and colon tissues of NQO1- / - mice was designated as cytosolic MMC reductase . 
This activity , like NQO1 , was inhibited by dicoumarol and immunologically related to NQO1 . Clinical and experimental studies showed that the reflux of bile into the stomach contributes to the induction of intestinal metaplasia of the stomach and gastric carcinogenesis . 
Caudal-type homeobox 2 ( Cdx2 ) plays a key role in the exhibition of intestinal phenotypes by regulating the expression of intestine-specific genes such as goblet-specific gene mucin 2 ( MUC2 ) . 
We investigated the involvement of the farnesoid X receptor ( FXR ) , a nuclear receptor for bile acids , in the chenodeoxycholic acid ( CDCA ) -induced expression of Cdx2 and MUC2 in normal rat gastric epithelial cells ( RGM-1 cells ) . 
RGM-1 cells were treated with CDCA or GW4064 , an FXR agonist , in the presence or absence of guggulsterone , an FXR antagonist . 
CDCA induced dose-dependent expression of Cdx2 and MUC2 at both the mRNA and protein levels . 
The maximum stimulation of Cdx2 and MUC2 mRNA induced by CDCA was observed at 3 h and by 6 h , respectively . 
GW4064 also induced expression of these molecules . 
The effects of CDCA and GW4064 on expression of Cdx2 and MUC2 were abolished by guggulsterone . 
These findings suggest that bile acids may induce gastric intestinal metaplasia and carcinogenesis through the FXR . Cajaninstilbene acid ( CSA ) , an active compound separated from pigeon pea leaves , possesses the highly efficient antioxidant activities . 
Transcription factor nuclear factor-erythroid 2-related factor 2 ( Nrf2 ) is an important regulator of cellular oxidative stress . 
This study examined the role of Nrf2 in CSA-mediated antioxidant effects on human hepatocarcinoma ( HepG2 ) cell line . 
The generation of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) upon H2O2 and CSA treatment was lower than that of H2O2 alone . 
CSA activated Nrf2 as evaluated by Western blotting . 
A luciferase reporter assay also demonstrated that CSA-activated signaling resulted in the increased transcriptional activity of Nrf2 through binding to the antioxidant response element ( ARE ) enhancer sequence . 
Our study indicated that treatment of HepG2 cells with CSA induces Nrf2-dependent ARE activity and gene expression of heme oxygenase-1 ( HO-1 ) , NAD ( P ) H quinone oxidoreductase 1 ( NQO1 ) , and glutamate-cysteine ligase modifier subunits by activation of PI3K / AKT , ERK and JNK signaling pathways . 
Inhibition of Nrf2 by siRNA reduced CSA-induced upregulation of these Nrf2-related enzymes . 
These results suggest that the Nrf2 / ARE pathway plays an important role in the regulation of CSA-mediated antioxidant effects in HepG2 cells . Involvement of EP1 and EP2 receptors in the regulation of the Na , K-ATPase by prostaglandins in MDCK cells . Interactions of human organic anion transporters with diuretics . The prostaglandin E series modulates high-voltage-activated calcium channels probably through the EP3 receptor in rat paratracheal ganglia . Hydrogen sulfide ( H ( 2 ) S ) was recently discovered to be synthesized in mammalian tissues by several different enzymes . 
Numerous studies have shown that H ( 2 ) S has vasodilator and antihypertensive effects in the cardiovascular system . 
However , intracellular mechanisms of the H ( 2 ) S-induced vasodilation and its interactions with other endothelium-derived relaxing factors , such as nitric oxide ( NO ) , remain unclear . 
We investigated whether H ( 2 ) S directly regulates endothelial NO synthase ( eNOS ) activity and NO production in endothelial cells . 
NaHS , a H ( 2 ) S donor , dose-dependently increased NO production in cultured endothelial cells . 
This effect was abolished by a calcium chelator ( BAPTA-AM ) , but not by the absence of extracellular calcium . 
The NaHS-induced NO production was partially blocked by inhibitors of ryanodine receptor ( dantrolene ) or inositol 1 , 4 , 5-triphosphate receptor ( xestospongin C ) . 
NaHS significantly increased intracellular calcium concentrations , and this effect was attenuated by dantrolene or xestospongin C . 
NaHS induced phosphorylation of eNOS at the activating phosphoserine residue 1179 . 
The NaHS-induced eNOS phosphorylation and NO production were not affected by a PI3K / Akt inhibitor ( wortmannin ) . 
The data of this study suggest that H ( 2 ) S directly acts on endothelial cells to induce eNOS activation and NO production by releasing calcium from the intracellular store in endoplasmic reticulum , which may explain one of mechanisms of its vasodilator function . Previous studies have shown that major tanshinones isolated from Danshen ( Salvia miltiorrhiza ) inhibited human and rat CYP450 enzymes-mediated metabolism of model probe substrates , with potential in causing herb-drug interactions . 
Miltirone , another abietane type-diterpene quinone isolated from Danshen , has been reported for its anti-oxidative , anxiolytic and anti-cancer effects . 
The aim of this study was to study the effect of miltirone on the metabolism of model probe substrates of CYP1A2 , 2C9 , 2D6 and 3A4 in pooled human liver microsomes . 
Miltirone showed moderate inhibition on CYP1A2 ( IC ( 50 ) = 1 . 73 μM ) and CYP2C9 ( IC ( 50 ) = 8 . 61 μM ) , and weak inhibition on CYP2D6 ( IC ( 50 ) = 30 . 20 μM ) and CYP3A4 ( IC ( 50 ) = 33 . 88 μM ) . 
Enzyme kinetic studies showed that miltirone competitively inhibited CYP2C9 ( K ( i ) = 1 . 48 μM ) , and displayed mixed type inhibitions on CYP1A2 , CYP2D6 and CYP3A4 with K ( i ) values of 3 . 17 μM , 24 . 25 μM and 35 . 09 μM , respectively . 
Molecular docking study further confirmed the ligand-binding conformations of miltirone in the active sites of these human CYP450 isoforms , and provided some information on structure-activity relationships for the CYPs inhibition by tanshinones . 
Taken together , CYPs inhibitions of miltirone were weaker than dihydrotanshinone , but stronger than cryptotanshinone , tanshinone I and tanshinone IIA . Intravenous administration of m-chloro-phenylpiperazine ( mCPP ) ( 0 . 25 or 2 . 5 mg / kg ) induced a marked and dose-related increase in extracellular concentrations of serotonin in hippocampus ( 300-1 , 400% of baseline ) as measured using in vivo microdialysis in awake male Wistar rats of the spontaneously hypertensive ( SH ) strain . 
Indicating that the effect of mCPP was caused by a reversal of the serotonin transporter , it was antagonized by pretreatment with the serotonin re-uptake inhibitor citalopram ( 10 mg / kg ) but was unaffected by local administration of the sodium channel blocker tetrodotoxin ( TTX; 1 microns ) . 
mCPP was also shown to induce an increase in extracellular concentrations of dopamine in the nucleus accumbens and the striatum of SH rats and in the nucleus accumbens of rats of the Sprague-Dawley ( SD ) strain; this effect of mCPP was , however , much weaker ( 125-170% of baseline ) than the effect on serotonin; moreover , it seems to be TTX-sensitive . 
In anesthetized SD rats , mCPP induced a moderate reduction of nigral dopamine cell firing rate; supporting the assumption that this effect is secondary to the observed increase in dopamine release , it was blocked by pretreatment either with the dopamine synthesis inhibitor alpha-methyl-para-tyrosine or with the dopamine D2 receptor antagonist haloperidol . 
In conclusion , the results suggest that mCPP induces a marked , TTX-insensitive increase in serotonin release in rat brain , but only a modest and TTX-sensitive increase in the extracellular levels of dopamine . Urokinase-type plasminogen activator receptor ( uPAR ) and epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) are ubiquitous receptors involved in the control of a variety of cellular processes frequently found altered in cancer cells . 
The EGFR has been recently described to play a transduction role of uPAR stimuli , mediating uPA-induced proliferation in highly malignant cells that overexpress uPAR . 
In the present work , we found for the first time that uPAR stimulation with the amino-terminal fragment ( ATF ) of urokinase devoid of proteolytic activity transactivates the EGFR in mammary MCF-7 cells through a mechanism involving Src and a metalloproteinase , as indicated by its sensitivity to selected inhibitors . 
In these cells , which express low levels of uPAR and malignancy , both ATF and EGF stimuli induced an interaction of the EGFR with uPAR and ERK activation . 
However , EGFR activation by uPAR stimuli mediated cellular invasion rather than proliferation , while EGFR activation by EGF led to a proliferative response . 
These results revealed a complex modulation of EGFR function toward different cellular responses according to the status of uPAR activity . 
On the other hand , we also found that MMP-mediated activation of EGFR can occur in an autocrine manner in cells which secrete uPA . 
All this reveals novel regulatory systems operating through autocrine loops involving uPAR stimuli , Src , MMP and EGFR activation which could mediate fine control of physiological processes as well as contribute to the expression of proliferative and invasive phenotypes of cancerous cells . Cloning and characterization of alpha1H from human heart , a member of the T-type Ca2 + channel gene family . The involvement of prostaglandins synthesized by constitutive ( COX-1 ) and inducible cyclooxygenase ( COX-2 ) in central stimulation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal ( HPA ) axis by adrenergic receptor agonists was investigated in conscious rats . 
COX-1 and COX-2 inhibitor , piroxicam ( 0 . 02 and 0 . 2 microg ) and compound NS-398 ( 0 . 01 and 0 . 1 microg ) , respectively , were given intracerebroventricularly ( i . 
c . 
v . 
) 15 min prior to i . 
c . 
v . 
adrenergic receptor agonists : phenylephrine ( 30 microg ) and clonidine ( 10 microg ) , an alpha1- and alpha2-adrenergic agonist , and isoprenaline ( 20 microg ) a non-selective beta-adrenergic agonist and clenbuterol ( 10 microg ) a selective beta2-adrenergic agonist . 
Piroxicam and NS-398 considerably and dose-dependently reduced the phenylephrine-induced increase in ACTH and corticosterone secretion . 
Pretreatment with piroxicam and NS-398 markedly impaired the clonidine-evoked ACTH and corticosterone secretion . 
Piroxicam moderately diminished the isoprenaline-elicited increase in ACTH and corticosterone , while NS-398 did not markedly alter ACTH secretion . 
The clenbuterol-induced ACTH and corticosterone responses were considerably impaired by pretreatment with piroxicam , and slightly less potently by NS-398 . 
These results indicate that in central structures involved in regulation of the HPA axis both constitutive and inducible cyclooxygenase are present under normal conditions in rats . 
These isoenzymes are significantly involved in the stimulatory signaling transduced by postsynaptic alpha1-adrenergic receptors and , to a lesser extent , by alpha2-adrenergic receptors . 
Both isoenzymes affect moderately the stimulatory action of a non-selective beta-adrenergic agonist on ACTH and corticosterone secretion . 
COX-1 participates considerably and COX-2 markedly in the potent stimulatory action of selective beta2-adrenergic receptors on HPA axis . Alcohol cirrhosis alters nuclear receptor and drug transporter expression in human liver . Pharmacological profile of the 5-HT-induced inhibition of cardioaccelerator sympathetic outflow in pithed rats : correlation with 5-HT1 and putative 5-ht5A / 5B receptors . Seizures and enhanced cortical GABAergic inhibition in two mouse models of human autosomal dominant nocturnal frontal lobe epilepsy . The interaction of CXCR4 with CXCL12 ( SDF-1 ) plays a critical role in cancer metastasis by facilitating the homing of tumor cells to metastatic sites . 
Based on our previously published work on CXCR4 antagonists , we have synthesized a series of aryl sulfonamides that inhibit the CXCR4 / CXCL12 interaction . 
Analogue bioactivities were assessed with binding affinity and Matrigel invasion assays . 
Computer modeling was employed to evaluate a selection of the new analogues docked into the CXCR4 X-ray structure and to rationalize discrepancies between the affinity and Matrigel in vitro assays . 
A lead compound displays nanomolar potency in the binding affinity assay ( IC ( 50 ) = 8 . 0 nM ) and the Matrigel invasion assay ( 100 % blockade of invasion at 10 nM ) . 
These data demonstrate that benzenesulfonamides are a unique class of CXCR4 inhibitors with high potency . Tyrosine-175 located in the active site of human glyoxalase II was replaced by phenylalanine in order to study the contribution of this residue to catalysis . 
The mutation had a marginal effect on the k ( cat ) value determined using S-D-lactoylglutathione as substrate . 
However , the Y175F mutant had an 8-fold higher K ( m ) value than the wild-type enzyme . 
The competitive inhibitor S- ( N-hydroxy-N-bromophenylcarbamoyl ) glutathione had a 30-fold higher K ( i ) value towards the mutant , than that of the wild-type . 
Pre-equilibrium fluorescence studies with the inhibitor showed that this was due to a significantly increased off-rate for the mutant enzyme . 
The phenolic hydroxyl group of tyrosine-175 is within hydrogen bonding distance of the amide nitrogen of the glycine in the glutathione moiety and the present study shows that this interaction makes a significant contribution to the binding of the active-site ligand . STUDY OBJECTIVE : Rebound hypersomnolence ( RHS : increased sleep following increased wake ) is a limiting side-effect of many wake-promoting agents . 
In particular , RHS in the first few hours following wake appears to be associated with dopamine ( DA ) -releasing agents , e . 
g . 
, amphetamine , but whether it can also be produced by DA transporter ( DAT ) inhibition alone is unknown . 
In these studies , DA-releasing and DAT-inhibiting agents and their interaction were systematically examined for their ability to increase wake and induce RHS . 
DESIGN : Chronically implanted rats were evaluated in a blinded , pseudo-randomized design . 
PARTICIPANTS : 237 rats were used in these studies with 1 week between repeat tests . 
INTERVENTIONS : Animals were habituated overnight and dosed the next day , 5 h after lights on , with test agents . 
MEASUREMENTS AND RESULTS : Sleep / wake activityand RHS were evaluated using EEG / EMG recording up to 22 h post dosing . 
In vitro dopamine release was evaluated in rat synaptosomes . 
At doses that produced equal increases in wake , DA-releasing ( amphetamine , methamphetamine , phentermine ) and several DAT-inhibiting agents ( cocaine , bupropion , and methylphenidate ) produced RHS during the first few hours after the onset of sleep recovery . 
However , other DAT-inhibiting agents ( mazindol , nomifensine , GBR-12909 , and GBR-12935 ) did not produce RHS . 
Combination treatment with amphetamine and nomifensine produced waking activity greater than the sum of their individual activities alone while ameliorating the amphetamine-like RHS . 
In rat synaptosomes , nomifensine reduced the potency of amphetamine to induce DA release approximately 270-fold , potentially explaining its action in ameliorating amphetamine-induced RHS . 
CONCLUSIONS : All DA releasing agents tested , and some DAT-inhibiting agents , produced RHS at equal wake-promoting doses . 
Thus amphetamine-like DA release appears sufficient for inducing RHS , but additional properties ( pharmacologic and / or pharmacokinetic ) evidently underlie RHS of other DAT inhibitors . 
Enhancing wake while mitigating RHS can be achieved by combining DAT-inhibiting and DA-releasing agents . Zearalenone ( ZEA , F2 ) is one of the most common mycotoxins and the only known mycoestrogen . 
It enters the food and feed chain from contaminated cereals and infiltrates into sewage or natural waters posing potential threat to exposed livestock , wildlife and humans . 
Therefore evaluation of its biological effects is of international importance . 
We performed toxicological tests on zebrafish ( Danio rerio ) larvae and adults . 
Developmental toxicity was assessed by an extended ( 5 days ) fish embryo toxicity test ( FET ) . 
Effects of early ZEA exposure were concentration-dependent with LC50 and LC10 values of 893 and 335μg / L . 
In larvae exposed to 500μg / L and above , ZEA induced similar phenotype to has ( heart-and soul ) showing defects in heart and eye development and upward curvature of the body axis . 
From 250μg / L at 72hpf the gap in the melanophore streak at the base of the tail fin was missing and the fin fold was abnormal , suggesting disturbance in the development of the adult tail fin primordium . 
Estrogenic potency was measured on the basis of Vitellogenin ( Vtg ) protein ( adults ) levels and relative abundance of vitellogenin-1 mRNA ( vtg-1 ) ( larvae and adults ) . 
qRT-PCR in larvae proved to be sufficient substitute to adult tests and sensitive enough to detect ZEA in 0 . 1μg / L concentrations , that is close to levels observed in wastewaters . 
Developmental defects reveal that besides direct estrogenic effects , zearalenone might interact with other ontogenic pathways . Oncogenic forms of the small GTPase Ras increase the resistance of cells to killing by ionizing radiation ( IR ) . 
Although not all of the signaling pathways for radioresistance are well defined , it is now clear that Ras-dependent signaling pathways involved in radioresistance include those mediated by phosphatidylinositol 3'-kinase ( PI3-K ) and Raf . 
Nevertheless , PI3-K and Raf together are not sufficient to reconstitute all of the resistance conferred by Ras , indicating that other effectors must also contribute . 
We show here that Ras-driven autocrine signaling through the epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) also contributes to radioresistance in Ras-transformed cells . 
Conditioned media ( CM ) collected from RIE-1 rat intestinal epithelial cells expressing oncogenic Ras increased the survival of irradiated cells . 
Ras-CM contains elevated levels of the EGFR ligand transforming growth factor alpha ( TGF-alpha ) . 
Both Ras-CM and TGF-alpha stimulated EGFR phosphorylation , and exogenous TGF-alpha mimicked the effects of Ras-CM to increase radioresistance . 
Blocking EGFR signaling with the EGFR / HER-2 kinase inhibitor ( KI ) GW572016 decreased the postradiation survival of irradiated Ras-transformed cells and normal cells but had no effect on the survival of unirradiated cells . 
Ras-CM and TGF-alpha also increase PI3-K activity downstream of the EGFR and increase postradiation survival , both of which are abrogated by GW572016 . 
Thus , Ras utilizes autocrine signaling through EGFR to increase radioresistance , and the EGFR KI GW572016 acts as a radiosensitizer . 
The observation that Ras-transformed cells can be sensitized to killing by ionizing radiation with GW572016 demonstrates that EGFR KIs could potentially be used to radiosensitize tumors in which radioresistance is dependent on Ras-driven autocrine signaling through EGFR . Design , synthesis and cytotoxicity of cell death mechanism of rotundic acid derivatives . Facilitative effect of serotonin ( 1A ) receptor agonists on cognition in patients with schizophrenia . 1 . 
Peptidergic neurones accumulate amines via an unusual uptake process , designated Transport-P . 
[ ( 3 ) H ] -prazosin binds to alpha ( 1 ) adrenoceptors on these cells and is displaceable by unlabelled prazosin in concentrations up to 10 ( -7 ) M . 
However , at greater concentrations of prazosin , there is a paradoxical accumulation of [ ( 3 ) H ] -prazosin which we have attributed to Transport-P . 
Uptake of prazosin via Transport-P is detectable at 10 ( -10 ) M prazosin concentration , is linear up to 10 ( -7 ) M and at greater concentrations becomes non-linear . 
In contrast , in noradrenergic neurones , noradrenaline uptake is linear and saturates above 10 ( -7 ) M . 
In noradrenergic neurones and in non-neuronal cells , there is no uptake of prazosin in concentrations up to 10 ( -6 ) M , suggesting that Transport-P is a specialised function of peptidergic neurones . 
2 . 
Using a mouse peptidergic ( gonadotrophin-releasing hormone , GnRH ) neuronal cell line which possesses Transport-P , we have studied the interaction of alpha ( 1 ) adrenoceptors with Transport-P . 
Polymerase chain reactions and DNA sequencing of the products demonstrated that only the alpha ( 1B ) sub-type of adrenoceptors is present in GnRH cells . 
3 . 
In COS cells transfected with alpha ( 1b ) adrenoceptor cDNA and in DDT ( 1 ) MF-2 cells which express native alpha ( 1B ) adrenoceptors , [ ( 3 ) H ] -prazosin was displaced by unlabelled prazosin in a normal equilibrium process , with no prazosin paradox in concentrations up to 10 ( -6 ) M . 
In DDT ( 1 ) MF-2 cells , [ ( 3 ) H ] -prazosin was displaced likewise by a series of alpha ( 1 ) adrenergic agonists , none of which increased the binding of [ ( 3 ) H ] -prazosin . 
Hence , the prazosin paradox is not due to some function of alpha ( 1 ) adrenoceptors , such as internalization of ligand-receptor complexes . 
4 . 
In neurones which possess Transport-P , transfection with alpha ( 1b ) adrenoceptor cDNA resulted in over-expression of alpha ( 1B ) adrenoceptors , but the prazosin paradox was unaltered . 
Thus , alpha ( 1 ) adrenoceptors and Transport-P mediate distinct functions in peptidergic neurones . BACKGROUND : Eosinophil influx into the lung tissue is considered to be relevant for the pathogenesis of asthma . 
Various chemotactic factors may be responsible for this influx . 
Recently it has been demonstrated that the cytokines granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor ( GM-CSF ) , interleukin-3 ( IL-3 ) , and interleukin-5 ( IL-5 ) are present in the circulation of individuals with allergic asthma . 
These cytokines have the capacity to modulate chemotactic responses of eosinophils toward platelet-activating factor , formyl-methionyl-leucyl-phenylalanine , ( FMLP ) and neutrophil-activating factor ( NAF ) / IL-8 , but not toward complement fragment C5a ( C5a ) . 
Here the effect of nedocromil sodium on the chemotactic response of eosinophils from allergic asthmatic individuals and from normal donors preincubated with GM-CSF or IL-3 toward FMLP , NAF / IL-8 was evaluated . 
RESULTS : Nedocromil sodium inhibited the chemotactic response toward FMLP and NAF / IL-8 of GM-CSF primed eosinophils approximately 60% ( inhibitory concentration of 50% [ IC50 ] approximately 1 to 10 nmol / L ) , whereas these responses of IL-3 primed eosinophils was completely inhibited ( IC50 approximately 1 nmol / L ) . 
CONCLUSIONS : The chemotactic responses toward C5a were inhibited by nedocromil sodium at higher concentrations than were required in the priming studies ( IC50 approximately 10 to 100 nmol / L ) . 
Nedocromil sodium ( 0 . 1 mumol / L ) was also effective in inhibiting the chemotactic response toward FMLP ( 10 nmol / L ) of eosinophils isolated from the circulation of patients with allergic asthma 3 hours after allergen challenge . 
These findings might explain in part the antiinflammatory action of nedocromil sodium . Adaptive changes in basal and stress-induced HPA activity in lactating and post-lactating female rats . The increasing prevalence of drug-resistant tuberculosis , which is resistant to effective multiple antibiotic , presents a major global health threat . 
The thymidine monophosphate kinase ( TMPK ) of Mycobacterium tuberculosis ( M . 
tuberculosis ) , which is an essential enzyme for the maintenance of the thymidine triphosphate pools , is considered an attractive target for the development of effective antibiotics against tuberculosis . 
In this study , we attempted to identify novel chemical compounds that specifically target the M . 
tuberculosis TMPK ( mtTMPK ) . 
We performed in silico structure-based drug screening using the crystal structure data of mtTMPK and a large-scale virtual compound library , which is composed of 6 , 192 , 930 chemicals . 
Through a three-step screening method using the DOCK and GOLD , we identified ten chemical compounds that were predicted to have high binding affinity to the active site cleft of the mtTMPK . 
We then evaluated the antibiotic effects of these chemical compounds on model mycobacteria strains . 
As a result , we found that a chemical compound , K10 , completely inhibited the growth of Mycobacterium vanbaalenii ( M . 
vanbaalenii ) and Mycobacterium smegmatis ( M . 
smegmatis ) . 
Moreover , K10 does not exhibit any toxic effects on the growth of enterobacteria and mammalian cells . 
The structural and experimental information regarding this novel chemical compound , K10 , is likely to be useful for the hit-to-lead optimization of new antibiotics for the treatment of tuberculosis . Inhibitory oligodeoxynucleotides - therapeutic promise for systemic autoimmune Ramelteon : TAK 375 . Design and synthesis of diazatricyclodecane agonists of the G-protein-coupled receptor 119 . An intronless gene encoding an additional human serotonin ( 5-HT ) 5-HT1-like receptor subtype was isolated from a human genomic library with probes obtained from degenerate PCR primers used to amplify 5-HT-receptor-specific sequences . 
The highest degree of homology was found with the 5-HT1E subtype ( 70% ) and the 5-HT1D alpha ( 63% ) and 5-HT1D beta ( 60% ) receptors . 
RNA for this gene was detected in the human brain but was not detected in kidney , liver , spleen , heart , pancreas , and testes . 
High-affinity ( Kd = 9 . 2 nM ) 3H-labeled 5-HT binding was detected . 
Competition studies revealed the following rank order of potencies for serotonergic ligands : 5-HT > sumatriptan >> 5-carboxyamidotryptamine > 8-hydroxy-2 ( di-1-propylamino ) tetralin > spiperone . 
5-HT produced a dose-dependent inhibition of forskolin-stimulated cAMP accumulation ( EC50 = 7 . 9 nM ) in transfected cells . 
These properties distinguish this receptor from any previously characterized and establish a fifth 5-HT1-like receptor subtype ( 5-HT1F ) coupled to the inhibition of adenylate cyclase . Mitochondria and peroxisomes can be fragmented by the process of fission . 
The fission machineries of both organelles share a set of proteins . 
GDAP1 is a tail-anchored protein of mitochondria and induces mitochondrial fragmentation . 
Mutations in GDAP1 lead to Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease ( CMT ) , an inherited peripheral neuropathy , and affect mitochondrial dynamics . 
Here , we show that GDAP1 is also targeted to peroxisomes mediated by the import receptor Pex19 . 
Knockdown of GDAP1 leads to peroxisomal elongation that can be rescued by re-expressing GDAP1 and by missense mutated forms found in CMT patients . 
GDAP1-induced peroxisomal fission is dependent on the integrity of its hydrophobic domain 1 , and on Drp1 and Mff , as is mitochondrial fission . 
Thus , GDAP1 regulates mitochondrial and peroxisomal fission by a similar mechanism . 
However , our results reveal also a more critical role of the amino-terminal GDAP1 domains , carrying most CMT-causing mutations , in the regulation of mitochondrial compared to peroxisomal fission . Atherosclerosis is a condition caused by lipid build-up and inflammation in the arteries , so hyperlipidemia is the major reason for atherosclerosis . 
Testis was found to be negatively affected by hyperlipidemia which leads to its impaired functions . 
Vitamin E and <sc>l< / sc>-carnitine have well-known lipid-lowering and antioxidative activities . 
Triton WR 1339 is a non-ionic detergent , which induces severe hyperlipidemia by inhibition of lipoprotein lipase . 
The present study evaluates the protective role of vitamin E and <sc>l< / sc>-carnitine on the testis in atherosclerosis and detects the most effective choice for protection against atherosclerosis; vitamin E , <sc>l< / sc>-carnitine or a combination of both . 
A total of 80 albino male rats were divided into eight groups ( 10 rats for each group ) : control ( G ( 1 ) ) , triton ( G ( 2 ) ) , <sc>l< / sc>-carnitine ( G ( 3 ) ) , triton + <sc>l< / sc>-carnitine ( G ( 4 ) ) , vitamin E ( G ( 5 ) ) , triton + vitamin E ( G ( 6 ) ) , <sc>l< / sc>-carnitine + vitamin E ( G ( 7 ) ) and triton + <sc>l< / sc>-carnitine + vitamin E ( G ( 8 ) ) . 
Data showed a significant increase in the levels of total cholesterol ( TC ) , triglycerides ( TGs ) , low-density lipoprotein cholesterol ( LDL-C ) , 17 beta hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase ( 17 β HSD ) , testicular catalase and malondialdehyde ( MDA ) in G ( 2 ) when compared with G ( 1 ) , whereas high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ( HDL-C ) , serum testosterone , testicular 17 ketosteroid reductase ( 17 KSR ) , total thiol and glutathione-S-transferase ( GST ) data showed a significant decrease in G ( 2 ) when compared with G ( 1 ) . 
Treatment with <sc>l< / sc>-carnitine or / and vitamin E helps in improving the adverse effect of triton; also the histological changes confirm this finding . 
So the present study recommends all people to include <sc>l< / sc>-carnitine and vitamin E in their diet to be protected against atherosclerosis . Effects of chronic sumatriptan and zolmitriptan treatment on 5-HT receptor expression and function in rats . Promoter polymorphisms regulating corticotrophin-releasing hormone transcription in vitro . Selective oxidation of ω-tertiary amine self-assembled thiol monolayers to tertiary amine N-oxides is shown to transform the adhesion of model proteins lysozyme and fibrinogen upon them . 
Efficient preparation of both secondary and tertiary linker amides as judged by X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy ( XPS ) and water droplet contact angle was achieved with an improved amide bond formation on gold quartz crystal microbalance ( QCM ) sensors using 2- ( 1H-7-azabenzotriazol-1-yl ) -1 , 1 , 3 , 3-tetramethyl hexafluorophosphate methanaminium uronium ( HATU ) . 
Oxidation with hydrogen peroxide was similarly assessed , and adhesion of lysozyme and fibrinogen from phosphate buffered saline was then assayed by QCM and imaged by AFM . 
Tertiary amine-functionalized sensors adsorbed multilayers of aggregated lysozyme , whereas tertiary amine N-oxides and triethylene glycol-terminated monolayers are consistent with small protein aggregates . 
The surface containing a dimethylamine N-oxide headgroup and ethyl secondary amide linker showed the largest difference in adsorption of both proteins . 
Oxidation of tertiary amine decorated surfaces therefore holds the potential for selective deposition of proteins and cells through masking and other patterning techniques . Cloning , Characterization , and Sulfonamide and Thiol Inhibition Studies of an α-Carbonic Anhydrase from Trypanosoma cruzi , the Causative Agent of Chagas Disease . BACKGROUND : The gene DRD4 , coding for dopamine receptor D4 , was considered a candidate for association with schizophrenia based on its upregulation in postmortem schizophrenic brain and affinity for clozapine . 
Many studies sought allelic association of a 48-base-pair repeat in DRD4 exon 3 with schizophrenia , but found no strong evidence for a relationship . 
The present work sought to determine if this observation reflected the true absence of association or the low power of individual studies . 
METHODS : We performed four meta-analyses , sequentially considering the two- , four- , and seven-repeat alleles as risk alleles , and then considering repeat length of the 48-base-pair segment as a risk factor . 
Each meta-analysis included at least 2 , 300 cases and 2 , 100 controls from 14-16 studies . 
RESULTS : The pooled odds ratio from each analysis approximated 1 . 0 , and none were significant . 
Heterogeneity was not observed , although gender moderated the effects of repeat length and the seven-repeat allele . 
CONCLUSIONS : Despite over 90% power to detect a significant odds ratio of 1 . 4 or less , none was observed . 
This polymorphism seems not to influence risk for most schizophrenia cases; however , a sex-dependent relationship , or a role in some clinical features of the disorder , cannot be excluded and should be pursued experimentally . delta 1-pyrroline 5-carboxylate synthetase ( P5C synthetase ) catalyzes the ATP and the NAD ( P ) H-dependent conversion of L-glutamate to glutamate semialdehyde ( GSA ) which is the metabolic precursor for proline biosynthesis . 
We described in two siblings a paradoxical hyperammonemia with hypoprolinemia and hypoornithinemia associated to bilateral cataract , mental retardation , joint laxity and skin hyperelasticity . 
We cloned human P5C synthetase-cDNA by database cloning strategy : this cDNA has an open reading frame of 2 , 385 bases coding for a polypeptide of 795 amino acids . 
Both patients are homozygous for an L396S substitution , this amino acid being highly conserved across species . 
This is the first report of a P5C synthetase deficiency in human . During more than five decades , pyridinium oximes have been developed as therapeutic agents used in the medical treatment of poisoning with organophosphorus compounds . 
Their mechanism of action is reactivation of acetylcholinesterase ( AChE ) inhibited by organophosphorus agents . 
Organophosphorus compounds ( OPC ) are used as pesticides and developed as warfare nerve agents such as tabun , soman , sarin , VX and others . 
Exposure to even small amounts of an OPC can be fatal and death is usually caused by respiratory failure resulting from paralysis of the diaphragm and intercostal muscles , depression of the brain respiratory center , bronchospasm , and excessive bronchial secretions . 
The mechanism of OPC poisoning involves phosphorylation of the serine hydroxyl group at the active site of AChE leading to the inactivation of this essential enzyme , which has an important role in neurotransmission . 
AChE inhibition results in the accumulation of acetylcholine at cholinergic receptor sites , producing continuous stimulation of cholinergic fibers throughout the central and peripheral nervous systems . 
Presently , a combination of an antimuscarinic agent , e . 
g . 
atropine , AChE reactivator such as one of the standard pyridinium oximes ( pralidoxime , trimedoxime , obidoxime , HI-6 ) and diazepam has been used for the treatment of organophosphate poisoning in humans . 
Despite enormous efforts devoted to synthesis and development of new pyridinium oximes as potential antidotes against poisoning with OPC , only four compounds have found their application in human medicine so far . 
However , they differ in their activity in poisoning with warfare nerve agents and pesticides and there is still no universal broad-spectrum oxime capable of protecting against all known OPC . 
In this article , we review data on structure-activity relationship of pyridinium oximes and discuss their pharmacological and toxicological significance . Silicon ( Si ) has been considered a very promising anode material for lithium ion batteries due to its high theoretical capacity . 
However , high-capacity Si nanoparticles usually suffer from low electronic conductivity , large volume change , and severe aggregation problems during lithiation and delithiation . 
In this paper , a unique nanostructured anode with Si nanoparticles bonded and wrapped by graphene is synthesized by a one-step aerosol spraying of surface-modified Si nanoparticles and graphene oxide suspension . 
The functional groups on the surface of Si nanoparticles ( 50-100 nm ) not only react with graphene oxide and bind Si nanoparticles to the graphene oxide shell , but also prevent Si nanoparticles from aggregation , thus contributing to a uniform Si suspension . 
A homogeneous graphene-encapsulated Si nanoparticle morphology forms during the aerosol spraying process . 
The open-ended graphene shell with defects allows fast electrochemical lithiation / delithiation , and the void space inside the graphene shell accompanied by its strong mechanical strength can effectively accommodate the volume expansion of Si upon lithiation . 
The graphene shell provides good electronic conductivity for Si nanoparticles and prevents them from aggregating during charge / discharge cycles . 
The functionalized Si encapsulated by graphene sample exhibits a capacity of 2250 mAh g ( -1 ) ( based on the total mass of graphene and Si ) at 0 . 1C and 1000 mAh g ( -1 ) at 10C , and retains 85% of its initial capacity even after 120 charge / discharge cycles . 
The exceptional performance of graphene-encapsulated Si anodes combined with the scalable and one-step aerosol synthesis technique makes this material very promising for lithium ion batteries . Arsenic activates endothelin-1 Gi protein-coupled receptor signaling to inhibit stem cell differentiation in adipogenesis . Comparative functional analysis of human medium-chain dehydrogenases , short-chain dehydrogenases / reductases and aldo-keto reductases with retinoids . Microdialysis has become an effective and frequently used technique to study the extracellular levels of monoamine , i . 
e . 
dopamine , serotonin and norepinephrine in the central nervous system . 
However , the detailed exocytosis mechanisms of monoamine using microdialysis has remained to be clarified . 
The present report introduces methods for administration of voltage-sensitive calcium channel ( VSCC ) inhibitors and soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein receptor ( SNARE ) inhibitors to clarify the mechanisms of monoamine exocytosis using in vivo microdialysis . 
The N-type and P-type VSCCs are inhibited by perfusion with omega-conotoxin GVIA and omega-agatoxin IVA , respectively; however , their diffusion rate from internal to external spaces of the microdialysis probe is lower than 1% . 
Unlike VSCC inhibitors , SNAP-25 , synaptobrevin and syntaxin can be cleavaed with botulinum toxin type A , B and C , respectively . 
These toxins ( with molecular weights over 500 , 000 ) bind specifically to the presynaptic membrane via the heavy chain , while the light chain enters the cytosol , where it displays zinc-endopeptidase activity directed to proteins of the neuroexocytosis apparatus . 
Therefore , to prevent SNARE activity , botulinum toxins are microinjected . 
These two methods , perfusion with VSCC inhibitors and microinjection with botulinum toxins , can contribute to the clarification of the mechanisms of monoaminergic exocytosis . Pyridoxal-5'-phosphate ( PLP ) , the bioactive form of vitamin B6 , reportedly functions as a prosthetic group for >4% of classified enzymatic activities of the cell . 
It is therefore not surprising that alterations of vitamin B6 metabolism have been associated with multiple human diseases . 
As a striking example , mutations in the gene coding for antiquitin , an evolutionary old aldehyde dehydrogenase , result in pyridoxine-dependent seizures , owing to the accumulation of a metabolic intermediate that inactivates PLP . 
In addition , PLP is required for the catabolism of homocysteine by transsulfuration . 
Hence , reduced circulating levels of B6 vitamers ( including PLP as well as its major precursor pyridoxine ) are frequently paralleled by hyperhomocysteinemia , a condition that has been associated with an increased risk for multiple cardiovascular diseases . 
During the past 30 years , an intense wave of clinical investigation has attempted to dissect the putative links between vitamin B6 and cancer . 
Thus , high circulating levels of vitamin B6 , as such or as they reflected reduced amounts of circulating homocysteine , have been associated with improved disease outcome in patients bearing a wide range of hematological and solid neoplasms . 
More recently , the proficiency of vitamin B6 metabolism has been shown to modulate the adaptive response of tumor cells to a plethora of physical and chemical stress conditions . 
Moreover , elevated levels of pyridoxal kinase ( PDXK ) , the enzyme that converts pyridoxine and other vitamin B6 precursors into PLP , have been shown to constitute a good , therapy-independent prognostic marker in patients affected by non-small cell lung carcinoma ( NSCLC ) . 
Here , we will discuss the clinical relevance of vitamin B6 metabolism as a prognostic factor in cancer patients . 
Oncogene advance online publication , 21 January 2013; doi : 10 . 1038 / onc . 2012 . 623 . The functional significance for activation of inflammatory transcription factors , such as signal transducer and activator of transcription ( STAT3 ) , nuclear factor ( NF ) κB or NF-interleukin ( IL ) 6 and their contribution to the induction of brain controlled sickness responses , such as fever , during infection and inflammation is unknown . 
Using AG490 , previously shown to inhibit the STAT3- and NF-IL6-signaling pathway , we therefore investigated the central involvement of these two signaling pathways in mediating sickness behavior , fever and accompanying brain inflammation induced by peripheral lipopolysaccharide ( LPS ) -stimulation . 
Rats pre-treated i . 
c . 
v . 
with AG490 1 h before the i . 
p . 
LPS-challenge ( 100 μg / kg ) showed a modestly exaggerated fever , attenuated adipsia and almost unimpaired locomotor activity compared to LPS-controls receiving vehicle ( i . 
c . 
v . 
) . 
The LPS-induced anorexia was not altered and AG490 did not have any effect on rats receiving PBS ( i . 
p . 
) . 
We did observe effects of AG490 on STAT3-signaling at 4 h , while AG490-mediated changes in brain activity of inflammatory transcription factors at 8 h were not significant . 
Increased NF-IL6 and suppressor of cytokines 3 mRNA-expression in AG490 / LPS-treated rats were indicative of a compensative activation at 24 h . 
Moreover , a significant decrease in hypothalamic anti-inflammatory IL-10-expression and an increase in inflammatory microsomal prostaglandin E synthase ( mPGES ) mRNA-expression 8 h after LPS-injection was revealed in AG490 pre-treated animals compared to solvent-treated LPS-controls . 
In summary , we have shown a dissociation between the effects of central AG490 treatment on fever and components of sickness behavior , which appears to be related to reduced IL-10 and increased mPGES-expression in the brain . 
Thus , AG490 might have therapeutic potential to reduce sickness behavior . A phase 1 study of tazarotene in adults with advanced cancer . Beneficial effects of asiaticoside on cognitive deficits in senescence-accelerated mice . Octylphenol ( OP ) is the degradative product of alkylphenol ethoxylates that are widely used to produce rubber , pesticides , and paints . 
Bisphenol A ( BPA ) is an organic compound with two functional phenol groups , and used for manufacturing polycarbonate plastic and epoxy resins , as well as other applications . 
OP and BPA are known as endocrine disruptors ( EDs ) with estrogenic activities , and may disturb natural calcium ( Ca ) metabolism . 
In the present study , the effects of OP and BPA on Ca levels in the serum and expression of Ca transport genes in the duodenum , and kidney were investigated in pregnant mice . 
Calbindin refers to several Ca-binding proteins originally described as vitamin D-dependent Ca-binding factors in the intestine , and kidney of birds and mammals . 
Transient receptor potential cation channel , subfamily V , member 6 ( TRPV6 ) and transient receptor potential cation channel , subfamily V , member 5 ( TRPV5 ) are Ca entry channels responsible for Ca absorption in the kidney and intestine , respectively . 
From 6 . 5 to 16 . 5 day post coitus ( dpc ) , pregnant mice were given oral doses of 17α-ethynylestradiol ( EE , 0 . 2mg / kg / day ) , BPA ( 5 or 50mg / kg / day ) , or OP ( 3 , 12 , or 48 mg / kg / day ) dissolved in corn oil . 
Samples of the duodenum , kidney , and blood were obtained from the mice on day 17 . 5 of pregnancy . 
Serum Ca levels were decreased in the groups treated with OP and BPA . 
The expression levels of Ca transport genes , TRPV5 and calbindin-D9k ( CaBP-9k ) , in the kidney were decreased after treatment with OP and BPA . 
Duodenal expression of TRPV6 was also reduced by BPA and OP administration . 
CaBP-9k expression was differentially regulated by BPA and OP . 
Transcriptional and translational levels of CaBP-9k were decreased by EE and BPA but increased by a high dose of OP . 
Taken together , our findings demonstrate that OP and BPA regulated the expression of genes associated with Ca transport in the pregnant mice , which may result in the decreased serum Ca levels . A PET study of dopamine D2 and serotonin 5-HT2 receptor occupancy in patients with schizophrenia treated with therapeutic doses of ziprasidone . Improved posthypoxic recovery in vitro on treatment with drugs used for secondary stroke prevention . The in vitro and in vivo ocular pharmacology of olopatadine ( AL-4943A ) , an effective anti-allergic / antihistaminic agent . A series of epidemiological , experimental and preliminary clinical trials strongly suggest that mesalazine or 5-aminosalicyclic acid ( 5-ASA ) may have antineoplastic and potentially prophylactic chemopreventive properties . 
It is assumed that mesalazine may have similar genetic and molecular targets as nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( NSAIDs ) , which is further supported by its close similarity with aspirin , differing only in its structure by the presence of an amino group at position 5 of the benzene ring . 
The putative chemopreventive actions include the inhibition of inflammatory cascades and / or reactions involved in cell growth and proliferation , such as cyclo-oxygenase ( COX-1 and COX-2 ) , which regulate cell proliferation through the formation of prostaglandins; lipoxygenase; nuclear factor kappaB ( NFkappaB ) , responsible for the subsequent expression of pro-inflammatory molecules; MAP kinases and Bcl-2 , as well as the activation of apoptotic processes , such as the stimulation of intestinal sphingomyelinase . 
The peroxisome-proliferator-activated receptor delta ( PPARdelta ) , which also regulates gene transcription , is thought to play a role in both inflammatory and non-inflammatory driven carcinogenesis . 
This may be another significant target . 
It is hypothesized that 5-ASAs may prevent the enhancing effect of prostaglandins on PPARdelta binding to DNA by its COX inhibitory properties , decreasing proliferation of colorectal mucosal cells in non-inflammatory bowel disease patients with sporadic polyps of the large bowel . The effectiveness of Hibiscus sabdariffa L . 
( HS ) in the treatment of risk factors associated with cardiovascular disease is assessed in this review by taking a comprehensive approach to interpreting the randomized clinical trial ( RCT ) results in the context of the available ethnomedical , phytochemical , pharmacological , and safety and toxicity information . 
HS decoctions and infusions of calyxes , and on occasion leaves , are used in at least 10 countries worldwide in the treatment of hypertension and hyperlipidemia with no reported adverse events or side effects . 
HS extracts have a low degree of toxicity with a LD50 ranging from 2 , 000 to over 5 , 000mg / kg / day . 
There is no evidence of hepatic or renal toxicity as the result of HS extract consumption , except for possible adverse hepatic effects at high doses . 
There is evidence that HS acts as a diuretic , however in most cases the extract did not significantly influence electrolyte levels . 
Animal studies have consistently shown that consumption of HS extract reduces blood pressure in a dose dependent manner . 
In RCTs , the daily consumption of a tea or extract produced from HS calyxes significantly lowered systolic blood pressure ( SBP ) and diastolic blood pressure ( DBP ) in adults with pre to moderate essential hypertension and type 2 diabetes . 
In addition , HS tea was as effective at lowering blood pressure as the commonly used blood pressure medication Captropril , but less effective than Lisinopril . 
Total cholesterol , low-density lipoprotein cholesterol ( LDL-C ) , and triglycerides were lowered in the majority of normolipidemic , hyperlipidemic , and diabetic animal models , whereas high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ( HDL-C ) was generally not affected by the consumption of HS extract . 
Over half of the RCTs showed that daily consumption of HS tea or extracts had favorable influence on lipid profiles including reduced total cholesterol , LDL-C , triglycerides , as well as increased HDL-C . 
Anthocyanins found in abundance in HS calyxes are generally considered the phytochemicals responsible for the antihypertensive and hypocholesterolemic effects , however evidence has also been provided for the role of polyphenols and hibiscus acid . 
A number of potential mechanisms have been proposed to explain the hypotensive and anticholesterol effects , but the most common explanation is the antioxidant effects of the anthocyanins inhibition of LDL-C oxidation , which impedes atherosclerosis , an important cardiovascular risk factor . 
This comprehensive body of evidence suggests that extracts of HS are promising as a treatment of hypertension and hyperlipidemia , however more high quality animal and human studies informed by actual therapeutic practices are needed to provide recommendations for use that have the potential for widespread public health benefit . Elastin-like polypeptides ( ELPs ) are protein polymers that reversibly phase separate in response to increased temperature , pressure , concentration , ionic strength , and molecular weight . 
If it were possible to engineer their phase separation to respond to specific molecular substrates , ELP fusion proteins might be engineered as biosensors , smart biomaterials , diagnostic imaging agents , and targeted therapies . 
What has been lacking is a strategy to design ELPs to respond to specific substrates . 
To address this deficiency , we report that ELP fusion proteins phase separate in response to chemical inducers of dimerization ( CID ) . 
The rationale is that ELP phase separation depends on molecular weight , concentration , and local hydrophobicity; therefore , processes that affect these properties , including noncovalent dimerization , can be tuned to produce isothermal phase separation . 
To test this hypothesis , constructs were evaluated consisting of an immunophilin : human FK-506 binding protein 12 ( FKBP ) attached to an ELP . 
Under stoichiometric binding of a CID , the fusion protein homodimerizes and triggers phase separation . 
This dimerization is reversible upon saturation with excess CID or competitive binding of a small lipophilic macrolide to FKBP . 
By modulating the ELP molecular weight , phase separation was tuned for isothermal response to CID at physiological ionic strength and temperature ( 37 °C ) . 
To interpret the relationship between transition temperature and equilibrium binding constants , an empirical mathematical model was employed . 
To the best of our knowledge , this report is the first demonstration of reversible ELP switching in response to controlled dimerization . 
Due to its simplicity , this strategy may be useful to design ELP fusion proteins that respond to specific dimeric biological entities . Tolvaptan and its potential in the treatment of hyponatremia . Drug treatment of obesity . Perfluorooctane sulfonate ( PFOS ) is a widespread and persistent chemical in the environment . 
We investigated the endocrine-disrupting effects of PFOS using a combination of in vitro and in vivo assays . 
Reporter gene assays were used to detect receptor-mediated ( anti- ) estrogenic , ( anti- ) androgenic , and ( anti- ) thyroid hormone activities . 
The effect of PFOS on steroidogenesis was assessed both at hormone levels in the supernatant and at expression levels of hormone-induced genes in the H295R cell . 
A zebrafish-based short-term screening method was developed to detect the effect of PFOS on endocrine function in vivo . 
The results indicate that PFOS can act as an estrogen receptor agonist and thyroid hormone receptor antagonist . 
Exposure to PFOS decreased supernatant testosterone ( T ) , increased estradiol ( E2 ) concentrations in H295R cell medium and altered the expression of several genes involved in steroidogenesis . 
In addition , PFOS increased early thyroid development gene ( hhex and pax8 ) expression in a concentration-dependent manner , decreased steroidogenic enzyme gene ( CYP17 , CYP19a , CYP19b ) expression , and changed the expression pattern of estrogen receptor production genes ( esr1 , esr2b ) after 500 µg / L PFOS treatment in zebrafish embryos . 
These results indicate that PFOS has the ability to act as an endocrine disruptor both in vitro and in vivo by disrupting the function of nuclear hormone receptors , interfering with steroidogenesis , and altering the expression of endocrine-related genes in zebrafish embryo . In the present paper , the cloning and expression of the guinea pig alpha ( 1A ) -adrenoceptor is presented . 
The nucleotide sequence had an open reading frame of 1401 bp that encoded a 466 amino-acid protein with an estimated molecular mass of approximately 51 . 5 kDa . 
When the clone was expressed in Cos-1 cells , specific high-affinity binding of [ ( 3 ) H ] prazosin and [ ( 3 ) H ] tamsulosin was observed . 
Chloroethylclonidine treatment of membranes slightly decreased the total binding with both radioligands . 
Binding competition experiments using [ ( 3 ) H ] tamsulosin showed the following potency order : ( a ) for agonists : oxymetazoline >>epinephrine>norepinephrine>methoxamine , and ( b ) for antagonists : prazosin> or 5-methyl-urapidil = benoxathian>phentolamine>>BMY 7378 ( 8- [ 2- [ 4- ( 2-methoxyphenyl ) -1-piperazinyl ] ethyl ] -8-azaspiro [ 4 , 5 ] decane-7 , 9-dione ) . 
Photoaffinity labeling using [ ( 125 ) I-aryl ] azido-prazosin revealed a major broad band with a molecular mass between 70 and 80 kDa . 
The receptor was functional , as evidenced by an epinephrine-increased production of [ ( 3 ) H ] inositol phosphates that was blocked by prazosin . Here , we show that the synaptic vesicle protein SV2A is the brain binding site of levetiracetam ( LEV ) , a new antiepileptic drug with a unique activity profile in animal models of seizure and epilepsy . 
The LEV-binding site is enriched in synaptic vesicles , and photoaffinity labeling of purified synaptic vesicles confirms that it has an apparent molecular mass of approximately 90 kDa . 
Brain membranes and purified synaptic vesicles from mice lacking SV2A do not bind a tritiated LEV derivative , indicating that SV2A is necessary for LEV binding . 
LEV and related compounds bind to SV2A expressed in fibroblasts , indicating that SV2A is sufficient for LEV binding . 
No binding was observed to the related isoforms SV2B and SV2C . 
Furthermore , there is a high degree of correlation between binding affinities of a series of LEV derivatives to SV2A in fibroblasts and to the LEV-binding site in brain . 
Finally , there is a strong correlation between the affinity of a compound for SV2A and its ability to protect against seizures in an audiogenic mouse animal model of epilepsy . 
These experimental results suggest that SV2A is the binding site of LEV in the brain and that LEV acts by modulating the function of SV2A , supporting previous indications that LEV possesses a mechanism of action distinct from that of other antiepileptic drugs . 
Further , these results indicate that proteins involved in vesicle exocytosis , and SV2 in particular , are promising targets for the development of new CNS drug therapies . Epidemiological studies suggest that citrus fruits and compounds such as flavonoids , limonoids and pectins have health promoting effects . 
Our aim was to study the effects of Citrus grandis ( L . 
) Osbeck var . 
tomentosa hort . 
fruit extract on the energy metabolism . 
A whole fruit powder from dry water and alcohol extracts of C . 
grandis containing 19% naringin flavonoid was prepared . 
The effects of the citrus extract were followed in the obese Zucker rats fed with the HFD . 
The circulatory levels of GLP-1 decreased significantly by the extract in comparison to the HFD group , whereas the decreased ghrelin levels were reversed . 
The levels of PYY were decreased in all HFD groups . 
The leptin amounts decreased but not significantly whereas insulin and amylin were unchanged . 
The cholesterol and glucose levels were somewhat but not systematically improved in the HFD fed rats . 
Further studies are needed to identify the active compounds and their mechanisms . Intense exercise induces increased levels of pro-inflammatory and anti-inflammatory cytokines . 
Thus , the purpose of this study was to examine the effects of a special cake ( consisting of carbohydrate to whey protein 3 . 5 : 1 ) vs . 
an isocaloric carbohydrate cake on inflammatory markers after exhaustive cycling in humans . 
Nine subjects received either the experimental or placebo cake in a counterbalanced fashion using a crossover , double-blind , repeated-measures design . 
They performed one trial involving a 2h exercise on a cycle ergometer at 60-65% VO2max followed by a 4h recovery and then a second trial involving an 1h exercise at 60-65% VO2max which was increased at 95% VO2max . 
Blood samples were collected pre-exercise , 30min and 4h post-exercise , post-time Trial and 48h post-time Trial . 
Cakes were consumed immediately post-exercise and every 1h for the next 3h . 
The results showed that consumption of the experimental cake reduced significantly ( p<0 . 05 ) , 4h post-exercise , the pro-inflammatory protein levels IL-6 and CRP compared to the control group by 50% and 46% respectively . 
Moreover , in the experimental cake group , the level of the anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-10 was higher by 118% , 4h post-exercise , compared to the control group but not statistically significant . Our knowledge of how androgens influence the cardiovascular system is far from complete , and this lack of understanding is especially true of how androgens affect resistance vessels . 
Our aim was to identify the signaling mechanisms stimulated by testosterone ( TES ) in microvascular arteries and to understand how these mechanisms mediate TES-induced vasodilation . 
Mesenteric microvessels were isolated from male Sprague-Dawley rats . 
Tension studies demonstrated a rapid , concentration-dependent , vasodilatory response to TES that did not involve protein synthesis or aromatization to 17β-estradiol . 
Dichlorofluorescein fluorescence and nitrotyrosine immunoblot experiments indicated that TES stimulated peroxynitrite formation in microvessels , and functional studies demonstrated that TES-induced vasodilation was inhibited by scavenging peroxynitrite . 
As predicted , TES enhanced the production of both peroxynitrite precursors ( i . 
e . 
, superoxide and nitic oxide ) , and xanthine oxidase was identified as the likely source of TES-stimulated superoxide production . 
Functional and biochemical studies indicated that TES signaling involved activity of the phosphoinositide 3 ( PI3 ) kinase-protein kinase B ( Akt ) cascade initiated by activation of the androgen receptor and culminated in enhanced production of cGMP and microvascular vasodilation . 
These findings , derived from a variety of analytical and functional approaches , provide evidence for a novel nongenomic signaling mechanism for androgen action in the microvasculature : TES-stimulated vasodilation mediated primarily by peroxynitrite formed from xanthine oxidase-generated superoxide and NO . 
This response was associated with activation of the PI3 kinase-Akt signaling cascade initiated by activation of the androgen receptor . 
We propose this mechanism could account for TES-stimulated cGMP production in microvessels and , ultimately , vasodilation . A fibrillar morphology was obtained , compared to the featherless pristine films , via solvent annealing the films of a series of derivatives of poly ( 3-alkylthiophene ) s ( P3ATs ) : poly ( 3-dodecylthiophene ) ( P3DDT ) , poly ( 3 , 3‴-didodecyl-quaterthiophene ) ( PQT12 ) , and poly ( 2 , 5-bis ( 3-dodecylthiophen-2-yl ) thieno [ 3 , 2-b ] thiophene ) ( pBTTT12 ) . 
Among the solvents used , including dichloromethane , chloroform , tetrahydrofuran , and carbon disulfide ( CS2 ) , CS2 was the best to induce fibril formation because its solubility parameter is closest to those of the P3AT derivatives . 
It was found that higher critical CS2 vapor pressures were needed to form crystal nuclei with increasing conjugation length and molecular weight of the P3AT derivatives; i . 
e . 
, the critical vapor pressures for P3DDT 13 . 9k and PQT12 15 . 5k were 59 . 0% and 80 . 7% , respectively , and there were no nuclei of fibrils for pBTTT12 15 . 6k with the highest conjugation length , even at a CS2 vapor pressure of 98 . 3% . 
Meanwhile , at the highest vapor pressure , the fibril density decreased with increasing conjugation length and molecular weight of the P3AT derivatives . 
This is attributed to the rod-like conformation prevailing for polymers with larger conjugation length and higher molecular weight during solvent annealing , making the conformational transition toward coils more difficult and hindering diffusion of molecules . 
The results presented here are expected to be helpful for the design and processing of conjugated semiconductor polymers . A consistent effect of repeated exposure to 3 , 4 methylenedioxymethamphetamine ( MDMA ) is a decrease in the tissue levels of serotonin ( 5-HT ) . 
A variety of behavioural and neurochemical tests were conducted to determine whether the tissue deficits were accompanied by an increased sensitivity of the 5-HT1a autoreceptor . 
Tests were conducted 2 weeks following MDMA exposure ( four injections of 10 . 0 mg / kg , IP , administered at 2-h intervals in a single day ) . 
The response to the 5-HT1a agonist , 8-OHDPAT ( 0 . 003-0 . 5 mg / kg , SC ) , was assessed using lower lip retraction ( LLR ) , hypoactivity , and 5-hydroxytryptophan ( 5-HTP ) accumulation following decarboxylase inhibition . 
The 8-OHDPAT produced a dose-dependent increase in LLR and hypoactivity , but these effects were comparable for MDMA and saline pretreated groups . 
MDMA decreased tissue levels of 5-HT and the accumulation of 5-HTP , but these effects were not reflected in the changes in autoreceptor sensitivity . 
The data suggest that the decrease in tissue levels of 5-HT produced by MDMA is accompanied by a decrease in tryptophan hydroxylase activity but cannot be explained by supersensitivity of the 5-HT1a autoreceptor . The role of the 5-HT2A and 5-HT2C receptors in the stimulus effects of hallucinogenic drugs . 
I : Antagonist correlation analysis . Antifungal imidazoles block assembly of inducible NO synthase into an active dimer . Hepatic glucose metabolism in late pregnancy : normal versus high-fat and -fructose diet . The Omega class of cytosolic glutathione transferases was initially recognized by bioinformatic analysis of human sequence databases , and orthologous sequences were subsequently discovered in mouse , rat , pig , Caenorhabditis elegans , Schistosoma mansoni , and Drosophila melanogaster . 
In humans and mice , two GSTO genes have been recognized and their genetic structures and expression patterns identified . 
In both species , GSTO1 mRNA is expressed in liver and heart as well as a range of other tissues . 
GSTO2 is expressed predominantly in the testis , although moderate levels of expression are seen in other tissues . 
Extensive immunohistochemistry of rat and human tissue sections has demonstrated cellular and subcellular specificity in the expression of GSTO1-1 . 
The crystal structure of recombinant human GSTO1-1 has been determined , and it adopts the canonical GST fold . 
A cysteine residue in place of the catalytic tyrosine or serine residues found in other GSTs was shown to form a mixed disulfide with glutathione . 
Omega class GSTs have dehydroascorbate reductase and thioltransferase activities and also catalyze the reduction of monomethylarsonate , an intermediate in the pathway of arsenic biotransformation . 
Other diverse actions of human GSTO1-1 include modulation of ryanodine receptors and interaction with cytokine release inhibitory drugs . 
In addition , GSTO1 has been linked to the age at onset of both Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases . 
Several polymorphisms have been identified in the coding regions of the human GSTO1 and GSTO2 genes . 
Our laboratory has expressed recombinant human GSTO1-1 and GSTO2-2 proteins , as well as a number of polymorphic variants . 
The expression and purification of these proteins and determination of their enzymatic activity is described . Effects of fish protein hydrolysate and freeze-thaw treatment on physicochemical and gel properties of natural actomyosin from Pacific cod . Glucosamine sulfate modulates the levels of aggrecan and matrix metalloproteinase-3 synthesized by cultured human osteoarthritis articular chondrocytes . Metabolic effects of honey in type 1 diabetes mellitus : a randomized crossover pilot study . Determination of paralytic shellfish poisoning toxins by HILIC-MS / MS coupled with dispersive solid phase extraction . Structure-antigastrin activity relationships of new ( R ) -4-benzamido-5-oxopentanoic acid derivatives . Antipsychotic drugs ( APD ) are widely prescribed for the treatment of schizophrenia . 
The APD are differentiated into typical and atypical based on the lower incidence of extra-pyramidal side-effects associated with the newer atypical APD . 
It was suggested that atypicality may arise from an interaction with the 5-hydroxytryptamine ( 5-HT ) ( 2 ) receptor and specifically on the 5-HT ( 2 ) : dopamine D ( 2 ) affinity ratio . 
It is now realised that multiple subtypes of these receptors exist and that in addition , atypical APD interact with many monoamine receptors . 
The aim of the present study was to characterise the interaction of APD with a variety of monoamine receptors in terms of both affinity and efficacy . 
The data produced has highlighted that the atypical profile of APD such as olanzapine and clozapine may reflect antagonism of the 5-HT ( 2A ) and 5-HT ( 2C ) receptors , whilst that of , ziprasidone and quetiapine may reflect partial agonist activity at the 5-HT ( 1A ) receptor , and that of aripiprazole may reflect partial agonist activity at the 5-HT ( 1A ) receptor as well as is its claimed partial agonist activity at the dopamine D ( 2 ) receptor . Vacuolar H ( + ) -ATPase ( V-ATPase ) , a multisubunit enzyme located at the ruffled border and in lysosomes of osteoclasts , is necessary for bone resorption . 
We previously showed that heterozygous mice with an R740S mutation in the a3 subunit of V-ATPase ( + / R740S ) have mild osteopetrosis resulting from an ∼90% reduction in proton translocation across osteoclast membranes . 
Here we show that lysosomal pH is also higher in + / R740S compared with wild-type ( + / + ) osteoclasts . 
Both osteoclast number and size were decreased in cultures of + / R740S compared with + / + bone marrow cells , with concomitant decreased expression of key osteoclast markers ( TRAP , cathepsin K , OSCAR , DC-STAMP , and NFATc1 ) , suggesting that low lysosomal pH plays an important role in osteoclastogenesis . 
To elucidate the molecular mechanism of this inhibition , NFATc1 activation was assessed . 
NFATc1 nuclear translocation was significantly reduced in + / R740S compared with + / + cells; however , this was not because of impaired enzymatic activity of calcineurin , the phosphatase responsible for NFATc1 dephosphorylation . 
Protein and RNA expression levels of regulator of calcineurin 1 ( RCAN1 ) , an endogenous inhibitor of NFATc1 activation and a protein degraded in lysosomes , were not significantly different between + / R740S and + / + osteoclasts , but the RCAN1 / NFATc1 ratio was significantly higher in + / R740S versus + / + cells . 
The lysosomal inhibitor chloroquine significantly increased RCAN1 accumulation in + / + cells , consistent with the hypothesis that higher lysosomal pH impairs RCAN1 degradation , leading to a higher RCAN1 / NFATc1 ratio and consequently NFATc1 inhibition . 
Our data indicate that increased lysosomal pH in osteoclasts leads to decreased NFATc1 signaling and nuclear translocation , resulting in a cell autonomous impairment of osteoclastogenesis in vitro . Preterm labour : an overview of current and emerging therapeutics . Raloxifene : a selective estrogen receptor modulator . The advent of neurochemical brain imaging methods has provided an opportunity to study the neurochemistry of the human brain in normal and abnormal development . 
The aim of this article is to provide an update on recent major developments in neurochemical imaging in schizophrenia research . 
In this concise review , we discuss the major findings on three neurotransmitters , namely dopamine , serotonin and glutamate . 
The most promising radioligand for D ( 2 ) / D ( 3 ) neuroreceptor imaging is the agonist [ ( 11 ) C ] PHNO , with higher in vivo affinity for D ( 3 ) than D ( 2 ) receptors , which can be used to measure amphetamine-induced release of dopamine , and therefore a potential model of dopaminergic alterations in schizophrenia . 
Recent development of selective radiotracers allow imaging of the serotonin transporter ( SERT ) using positron emission tomography ( PET ) with selective tracers such as [ ( 11 ) C ] DASB . 
Additionally , the glutamatergic hypothesis has evolved from theory to phase III clinical trials of newer agents with novel mechanisms . 
With the development of newer radioligands and the in vivo application of magnetic resonance spectroscopy ( MRS ) at relatively high magnetic field strengths , there is ample scope for further neuroimaging advances . LF 16-0687 ( 1- [ [ 2 , 4-dichloro-3- [ [ ( 2 , 4-dimethylquinolin-8-yl ) oxy ] methyl ] phenyl ] sulfonyl ] -N- [ 3- [ [ 4- ( aminoimethyl ) phenyl ] carbonylamino ] propyl ] -2 ( S ) -pyrrolidinecarboxamide ) has been selected from a large-scale medicinal chemistry program for further development . 
In competition binding studies using [ 3H ] bradykinin ( BK ) , LF 16-0687 bound to the human , rat and guinea-pig recombinant B2 receptor expressed in CHO cells giving K ( i ) values of 0 . 67 nM , 1 . 74 nM and 1 . 37 nM , respectively . 
It also bound to the native BK B2 receptor from human umbilical vein ( HUV ) , rat uterus ( RU ) and guinea-pig ileum ( GPI ) giving K ( i ) values of 0 . 89 nM , 0 . 28 nM and 0 . 98 nM , respectively . 
It inhibited BK-induced IP1 , IP2 and IP3 formation in INT407 cells yielding pK ( B ) values of 8 . 5 , 8 . 6 and 8 . 7 , respectively . 
In isolated organs experiments , LF 16-0687 behaved as a competitive antagonist of BK-mediated contractions giving pA2 values of 9 . 1 in HUV , 7 . 7 in RU and 9 . 1 in GPI . 
Binding and functional studies performed over 40 different receptors revealed that LF 16-0687 was selective for the BK B2 receptor . 
A continuous intravenous infusion of LF 16-0687 antagonized in a dose-dependent manner and with a rapid onset of action BK-induced hypotensive response . 
Subcutaneous administration of LF 16-0687 at 1 . 1 micromol / kg to rats markedly reduced BK-induced edema of the stomach ( - 69% ) , duodenum ( -65% ) and pancreas ( -56% ) . [ ( 18 ) F ] DPA-714 [ N , N-diethyl-2- ( 2- ( 4- ( 2 [ ( 18 ) F ] -fluoroethoxy ) phenyl ) 5 , 7dimethylpyrazolo [ 1 , 5a ] pyrimidin-3-yl ) acetamide ] is a new radioligand currently used for imaging the 18-kDa translocator protein in animal models of neuroinflammation and recently in humans . 
The biodistribution by positron emission tomography ( PET ) in baboons and the in vitro and in vivo metabolism of [ ( 18 ) F ] DPA-714 were investigated in rats , baboons , and humans . 
Whole-body PET experiments showed a high uptake of radioactivity in the kidneys , heart , liver , and gallbladder . 
The liver was a major route of elimination of [ ( 18 ) F ] DPA-714 , and urine was a route of excretion for radiometabolites . 
In rat and baboon plasma , high-performance liquid chromatography ( HPLC ) metabolic profiles showed three major radiometabolites accounting for 85% and 89% of total radioactivity at 120 minutes after injection , respectively . 
Rat microsomal incubations and analyses by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry ( LC-MS ) identified seven metabolites , characterized as O-deethyl , hydroxyl , and N-deethyl derivatives of nonradioactive DPA-714 , two of them having the same retention times than those detected in rat and baboon plasma . 
The third plasma radiometabolite was suggested to be a carboxylic acid compound that accounted for 15% of the rat brain radioactivity . 
O-deethylation led to a nonradioactive compound and [ ( 18 ) F ] fluoroacetic acid . 
Human CYP3A4 and CYP2D6 were shown to be involved in the oxidation of the radioligand . 
Finally an easy , rapid , and accurate method--indispensable for PET quantitative clinical studies--for quantifying [ ( 18 ) F ] DPA-714 by solid-phase extraction was developed . 
In vivo , an extensive metabolism of [ ( 18 ) F ] DPA-714 was observed in rats and baboons , identified as [ ( 18 ) F ] deethyl , [ ( 18 ) F ] hydroxyl , and [ ( 18 ) F ] carboxylic acid derivatives of [ ( 18 ) F ] DPA-714 . 
The main route of excretion of the unchanged radioligand in baboons was hepatobiliary while that of radiometabolites was the urinary system . Plasma concentrations of sibutramine and its two active metabolites after single oral dose of sibutramine were determined in Korean healthy male subjects with different CYP2B6 genotypes ( CYP2B6*1 / *1 , *1 / *6 and *6 / *6 ) , either alone or after four-day pretreatment with clopidogrel or clarithromycin . 
The pretreatment with clopidogrel and clarithromycin raised the mean area under the concentration-time curve ( AUC ) of sibutramine by 163% and 255% , respectively . 
Co-administration of clarithromycin , combined with CYP2B6*6 / *6 genotype , led to highest concentration of sibutramine . 
The molar sum AUC ( M1 + M2 ) was raised by 35% in the clopidogrel phase but not significantly affected by clarithromycin or CYP2B6 genotype . 
The CYP2B6*6 / *6 subjects in the clopidogrel phase showed the highest molar AUC ( M1 + M2 ) among three genotype groups throughout the three phases . 
The exposure of sibutramine and its metabolites seemed to be associated with the CYP2B6 genotype . 
The treatment of clopidogrel significantly altered the disposition of active metabolites as well as sibutramine , but clarithromycin only affects the disposition of sibutramine . 
These results suggest that the perturbation of CYP2B6 activity may contribute to the inter-individual variation of sibutramine drug responses although the clinical relevance is remained to be established . The prolyl-isomerase Pin1 activates the mitochondrial death program of p53 . Mitochondrial complex I mutations in Caenorhabditis elegans produce cytochrome c oxidase deficiency , oxidative stress and vitamin-responsive lactic acidosis . Dietary flaxseed oil supplementation ameliorates the effect of cisplatin on brush border membrane enzymes and antioxidant system in rat intestine . In order to understand the toxic mechanisms of cardiovascular system injuries induced by ambient PM ( 2 . 5 ) and / or ozone , a subacute toxicological animal experiment was designed with exposure twice a week for 3 continuous weeks . 
Wistar rats were randomly categorized into 8 groups ( n = 6 ) : 1 control group , 3 groups exposed to fine particulate matters ( PM ( 2 . 5 ) ) alone at 3 doses ( 0 . 2 , 0 . 8 , or 3 . 2 mg / rat ) , 1 group to ozone ( 0 . 81 ppm ) alone and 3 groups to ozone plus PM ( 2 . 5 ) at 3 doses ( 0 . 2 , 0 . 8 , or 3 . 2 mg / rat ) . 
Heart rate ( HR ) and electrocardiogram ( ECG ) was monitored at approximately 24-h both after the 3rd exposure and the last ( 6th ) exposure , and systolic blood pressure ( SBP ) was monitored at approximately 24-h after the 6th exposure . 
Biomarkers of systemic inflammation and injuries ( CRP , IL-6 , LDH , CK ) , heart oxidative stress ( MDA , SOD ) and endothelial function ( ET-1 , VEGF ) were analyzed after the 6th exposure . 
Additionally , myocardial ultrastructural alterations were observed under transmission electron microscopy ( TEM ) for histopathological analyses . 
Results showed that PM ( 2 . 5 ) alone exposure could trigger the significant increase of CRP , MDA , CK , ET-1 and SBP and decrease of heart rate variability ( HRV ) , a marker of cardiac autonomic nervous system ( ANS ) function . 
Ozone alone exposure in rats did not show significant alterations in any indicators . 
Ozone plus PM ( 2 . 5 ) exposure , however , induced CRP , IL-6 , CK , LDH and MDA increase , SOD and HRV decrease significantly in a dose-response way . 
Meanwhile , abnormal ECG types were monitored in rats exposed to PM ( 2 . 5 ) with and without ozone and obvious myocardial ultrastructural changes were observed by TEM . 
In conclusion , PM ( 2 . 5 ) alone exposure could cause inflammation , endothelial function and ANS injuries , and ozone potentiated these effects induced by PM ( 2 . 5 ) . Leflunomide , the newest disease-modifying antirheumatic drug ( DMARD ) for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis ( RA ) , acts by inhibiting dihydroorotate dehydrogenase , the rate-limiting enzyme in the pathway for pyrimidine production . 
The drug thus limits T-cell proliferation , a process thought to be a key step in the pathogenesis of RA . 
In placebo-controlled trials , leflunomide was superior to placebo and comparable to sulfasalazine and methotrexate for improving the signs and symptoms of RA; and superior to placebo , sulfasalazine , and methotrexate for improving health-related quality of life . 
In the same trials , leflunomide was also superior to methotrexate and comparable to sulfasalazine for slowing radiographically assessed progression of RA . 
When used in combination therapy in an open-label trial , leflunomide resulted in improvement for over half of a group of RA patients who had failed to respond to methotrexate alone . 
The most common adverse events associated with leflunomide treatment were gastrointestinal symptoms , allergic reactions , alopecia , and elevated liver enzyme levels . 
Adverse events were generally mild to moderate in severity and resolved without sequelae . 
Clinical trial results indicate that leflunomide is an efficacious and safe addition to the roster of therapeutic agents used to treat RA . Imiquimod ( IMQ ) , an activator of Toll-like receptor-7 ( TLR-7 ) , induces by several routes a profound anti-viral and anti-tumor effect in vivo . 
Physiologically , the immune system is using perforin-containing granules of cytotoxic T lymphocytes ( CTL ) towards the same biological purpose . 
This functional synergism prompted our current experiments addressing the question whether IMQ may influence perforin-release and / or induce perforin in CTLs in vitro . 
In peripheral lymphocytes of healthy and diseased subjects , IMQ induced a significant increase of perforin ( + ) CTLs within 12h in all experiments performed . 
This effect was most pronounced in CTLs of patients suffering from atopic dermatitis , a model disorder for subnormal perforin expression : as compared to perforin ( + ) CTLs detected at time point zero ( 100% ) , up to 270% of perforin ( + ) CTLs were induced by 2 . 5 microg / ml [ corrected ] IMQ . 
Perforin release from peripheral blood CTLs after PMA / ionomycin-stimulation was not influenced significantly by IMQ . 
Thus , the biological activity of IMQ appears to exceed its previously known functions , inasmuch as it boosts up significantly the perforin-granule system . Aripiprazole has made a significant contribution to the treatment of schizophrenia and related disorders with an improved safety and tolerability profile , which has been attributed to its unique pharmacological profile . 
It has been claimed that partial agonism of the dopamine D ( 2 ) and 5-HT ( 1A ) receptors and antagonism of the 5-HT ( 2 ) receptor contribute to the clinical profile of aripiprazole , a so-called dopamine- and 5-HT stabiliser . 
However , recent studies have questioned the role of the 5-HT-mediated systems in the mechanism of action of aripiprazole . 
This report reviews published and unpublished data that suggest that aripiprazole acts as a selective partial agonist at the dopamine D ( 2 ) receptor and does not affect 5-HT receptors at therapeutic doses . Effects of ozone and fine particulate matter ( PM ( 2 . 5 ) ) on rat system inflammation and cardiac function . Allopurinol is a drug that has been used for decades to lower serum urate levels in patients with gout or chronic renal failure and in cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy at risk of tumor lysis syndrome . 
Patients may develop cutaneous hypersensitivity reactions , ranging from mild rashes to potentially fatal severe cutaneous adverse reactions ( SCARs ) namely drug hypersensitivity syndrome , Stevens-Johnson syndrome ( SJS ) , and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( TEN ) . 
Recent studies have demonstrated the association between human leukocyte antigen ( HLA ) B*58 : 01 allele and allopurinol-induced SCARs , which might explain ethnic differences in their incidences . 
Genotyping is now required before starting abacavir and carbamazepine so as to identify individuals susceptible to SJS . 
However , no genetic screening is advocated before commencement of allopurinol . 
The lack of availability of a rapid and inexpensive screening test for the HLA-B*58 : 01 allele is one of the obstacles to such screening . 
Development of a test that is quick , accurate , and cost-effective is warranted . Identification of novel FLT3 kinase inhibitors . Potential of memantine , D-tubocurarine , and atropine in preventing acute toxic myopathy induced by organophosphate nerve agents : soman , sarin , tabun and VX . Postpartum corticosterone administration reduces dendritic complexity and increases the density of mushroom spines of hippocampal CA3 arbours in dams . Configuration of a scintillation proximity assay for the activity assessment of recombinant human adenine phosphoribosyltransferase . Oligomeric procyanidins of lotus seedpod inhibits the formation of advanced glycation end-products by scavenging reactive carbonyls . Glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis may be at least in part due to the increased apoptosis of osteocytes . 
To study the role of osteocyte apoptosis in glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis , we isolated primary osteocytes from murine calvaria for the analysis of the effects of dexamethasone in in vitro culture . 
The cells were identified by morphology , cytochemical staining , immunocytochemical staining and mRNA expression of phosphate-regulating gene with homology to endopeptidases on the X chromosome ( PHEX ) and sclerosteosis / van Buchem disease gene ( SOST ) . 
We found that dexamethasone induced osteocyte apoptosis in a dose-dependent manner . 
A glucocorticoid receptor antagonist , mifepristone ( RU486 ) , suppressed dexamethasone-induced osteocyte apoptosis , suggesting that it was mediated by glucocorticoid receptor . 
Immunocytochemical stainings showed that glucocorticoid receptors are present in primary osteocytes , and they were translocated to nuclei after the exposure to dexamethasone . 
Addition of estrogen prevented glucocorticoid receptor translocation into nuclei . 
Corresponding antiapoptotic effects in primary osteocytes were also seen after the pretreatment of primary osteocytes with a picomolar concentration of estrogen . 
The pure antiestrogen ICI 182 , 780 inhibited estrogen effect on apoptosis induced by dexamethasone . 
These data suggest that glucocorticoid receptors play an important role in glucocorticoid-induced osteocyte apoptosis . 
Most importantly , estrogen has a protective effect against osteocyte apoptosis . 
To conclude , the mechanism of glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis may be due to the apoptosis of osteocytes , which can be opposed by estrogen . Insulin resistance is a very common associate of polycystic ovary syndrome ( PCOS ) . 
Pathophysiology in relation with the essential elements including copper , magnesium , zinc , manganese , chromium , and calcium has been reported in women with insulin resistance . 
This prospective study was designed to explore whether the women with PCOS do exhibit altered serum element levels in association with / without insulin resistance . 
One hundred and thirty-two women with PCOS and forty-six control women were studied . 
Women with PCOS were further divided based on the presence of insulin resistance ( insulin resistant : n = 50; non-insulin resistant : n = 82 ) . 
In all women , basal levels of gonadotropins , prolactin , testosterone , insulin , glucose , and the six different elements were measured . 
Serum levels of testosterone ( p < 0 . 001 ) , luteinizing hormone ( p < 0 . 05 ) , and fasting insulin ( p < 0 . 004 ) were significantly higher in the PCOS population compared to controls as well as PCOS women without insulin resistance . 
Women with PCOS exhibited a significantly high calcium ( p < 0 . 04 ) and lower manganese levels ( p < 0 . 002 ) when compared to controls . 
However , the PCOS women with insulin resistance exhibited significantly lower serum levels of magnesium and chromium ( p < 0 . 04 ) , in addition to higher levels of zinc and copper ( p < 0 . 04 ) . 
The differences in calcium ( p < 0 . 03 ) and manganese levels ( p < 0 . 0001 ) became aggravated with the presence of insulin resistance when compared to control as well as PCOS women without insulin resistance . 
In PCOS-associated insulin resistance , circulating serum magnesium ( r = -0 . 31; p < 0 . 03 ) and chromium ( r = -0 . 38; p < 0 . 006 ) status significantly correlated with fasting insulin levels . 
We conclude that imbalanced element status may be a key foundation for insulin resistance in PCOS . 
The findings in this study should be investigated with further trials in order to obtain new insights into PCOS . Kinase CK2 inhibition : an update . Mitochondrial dysfunction plays a pivotal role in the cell toxicology and death decision . 
The aim of the present study was to investigate the effect of three organocompounds ( ebselen [ Ebs ] , diphenyl diselenide [ ( PhSe ) ( 2 ) ] and diphenyl ditelluride [ ( PhTe ) ( 2 ) ] ) on mitochondrial complexes ( I , II , I-III , II-III and IV ) activity from rat liver and kidney to determine their potential role as molecular targets of organochalcogens . 
All studied organochalcogens caused a statistically significant inhibition of the mitochondrial complex I activity . 
Ebs and ( PhTe ) ( 2 ) caused a statistically significant inhibition of the mitochondrial complex II activity in both hepatic and renal membranes . 
Hepatic mitochondrial complex II activity was practically unchanged by ( PhSe ) ( 2 ) , whereas it significantly inhibited renal complex II activity . 
Mitochondrial complex IV activity was practically unchanged by the organochalcogens . 
Furthermore , organochalcogens inhibited the mitochondrial respiration supported by complex I or complex II substrates . 
The inhibitory effect of Ebs , ( PhSe ) ( 2 ) and ( PhTe ) ( 2 ) on mitochondrial complex I was prevented by NADH , but it was not prevented by catalase ( CAT ) and / or superoxide dismutase ( SOD ) . 
Additionally , the organochalcogens-induced inhibition of complex I and II was completely reversed by reduced glutathione ( GSH ) . 
In conclusion , Ebs , ( PhSe ) ( 2 ) and ( PhTe ) ( 2 ) were more effective inhibitors of renal and hepatic mitochondrial complex I than complex II , whereas complexes III and IV were little modified by these compounds . 
Taking into account the presented results , we suggest that organochalcogen-induced mitochondrial complexes I and II inhibition can be mediated by their thiol oxidation activity , i . 
e . 
, Ebs , ( PhSe ) ( 2 ) and ( PhTe ) ( 2 ) can oxidize critical thiol groups from mitochondrial complexes I and II . 
So , mitochondrial dysfunction can be considered an important factor in the toxicity of Ebs , ( PhSe ) ( 2 ) and ( PhTe ) ( 2 ) . [ Immune suppression by combination therapy with basiliximab and cyclosporin in high risk keratoplasty . 
A pilot study ] . Activation of capsaicin-sensitive sensory neurons by carvedilol , a nonselective beta-blocker , in spontaneous hypertensive rats . Medulloblastoma ( MB ) is the most common malignant neuroepithelial tumor of childhood . 
The DNA topoisomerase II ( Topo II ) inhibitor etoposide has been widely used for the treatment of MBs; however , it remains unknown whether MB cells are more sensitive to etoposide than other malignant neuroepithelial tumor cells . 
In this study , we tested the chemosensitivities of malignant neuroepithelial tumors ( 26 glioblastomas , 9 anaplastic astrocytomas , and 5 MBs ) to etoposide and vincristine using the succinate dehydrogenase inhibition test and found that MB cells are more sensitive to etoposide and more resistant to vincristine than other tumor cells . 
We performed quantitative reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction to evaluate the expression of genes related to etoposide sensitivity , and found co-overexpression of DNA topoisomerase II ( Topo II ) alpha and beta mRNA in MBs . 
In addition , the levels of Topo IIalpha and beta mRNA in these tumors correlated with etoposide sensitivity . 
Immunohistochemical studies using surgical samples of these tumors demonstrated that the percentages of Topo IIalpha immunopositive cells ( Topo IIalpha labeling index ) correlated with those of Ki-67 immunopositive cells ( MIB-1 labeling index ) ; however , neither the Topo IIalpha nor the MIB-1 labeling index correlated with the levels of Topo IIalpha mRNA or etoposide sensitivity . 
Based on these observations , Topo IIalpha and beta mRNA expression , but not the Topo IIalpha labeling index , might be a useful marker for sensitivity to etoposide in human malignant neuroepithelial tumors . Association of PON1 genotype and haplotype with susceptibility to coronary artery disease and clinical outcomes in dual antiplatelet-treated Han Chinese patients . Effect of serum withdrawal on the contribution of L-type calcium channels ( CaV1 . 2 ) to intracellular Ca2 + responses and chemotaxis in cultured human vascular smooth muscle cells . Gold nanoparticles ( AuNPs ) are widely used as carriers or therapeutic agents due to their great biocompatibility and unique physical properties . 
Transforming growth factor-beta 1 ( TGF-β1 ) , a member of the cysteine-knot structural superfamily , plays a pivotal role in many diseases and is known as an immunosuppressive agent that attenuates immune response resulting in tumor growth . 
The results reported herein reflect strong interactions between TGF-β1 and the surface of AuNPs when incubated with serum-containing medium , and demonstrate a time- and dose-dependent pattern . 
Compared with other serum proteins that can also bind to the AuNP surface , AuNP-TGFβ1 conjugate is a thermodynamically favored compound . 
Epithelial cells undergo epithelial-mesenchymal transition ( EMT ) upon treatment with TGF-β1; however , treatment with AuNPs reverses this effect , as detected by cell morphology and expression levels of EMT markers . 
TGF-β1 is found to bind to AuNPs through S-Au bonds by X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy . 
Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy is employed to analyze the conformational changes of TGF-β1 on the surface of AuNPs . 
The results indicate that TGF-β1 undergoes significant conformational changes at both secondary and tertiary structural levels after conjugation to the AuNP surface , which results in the deactivation of TGF-β1 protein . 
An in vivo experiment also shows that addition of AuNPs attenuates the growth of TGF-β1-secreting murine bladder tumor 2 cells in syngeneic C3H / HeN mice , but not in immunocompromised NOD-SCID mice , and this is associated with an increase in the number of tumor-infiltrating CD4 ( + ) and CD8 ( + ) T lymphocytes and a decrease in the number of intrasplenic Foxp3 ( + ) lymphocytes . 
The findings demonstrate that AuNPs may be a promising agent for modulating tumor immunity through inhibiting immunosuppressive TGF-β1 signaling . Alkyl substituted 2'-benzoylpyridine thiosemicarbazone chelators with potent and selective anti-neoplastic activity : novel ligands that limit methemoglobin formation . The Aryl Hydrocarbon Receptor ( AhR ) is a ligand mediated basic helix-loop-helix transcription factor of Per / Arnt / Sim family that regulates adaptive and toxic responses to variety of chemical pollutants including polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ( PAH ) and halogenated aromatic hydrocarbons , most notably 2 , 3 , 7 , 8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin ( TCDD ) . 
Ligand activation leads to AhR nuclear translocation and binding to a xenobiotic response element ( XRE ) in association with the aryl receptor nuclear translocator ( Arnt ) to regulate gene expression . 
Several recent genome-wide transcriptional studies identified numerous AhR target genes that lack the canonical XRE recognition site in the promoter regions . 
Characterization of one such target gene , the Plasminogen Activator Inhibitor 1 ( PAI-1 ) identified a novel non-consensus XRE ( NC-XRE ) that confers TCDD responsiveness independently of the Arnt protein . 
Studies reported here show that the NC-XRE is a recognition site for the AhR and a new binding partner , the Kruppel-like Factor ( KLF ) family member KLF6 . 
In vivo chromatin immunoprecipitations and in vitro DNA binding studies demonstrate that the AhR and KLF6 proteins form an obligatory heterodimer necessary for NC-XRE binding . 
Mutational analyzes show that the protein-protein interactions involve the AhR C-terminus and KLF6 N-terminus , respectively . 
Moreover , NC-XRE binding depends on the 5' basic region in KLF6 rather than the previously characterized zinc finger DNA binding domain . 
Collectively , the results unmask a novel AhR signaling mechanism distinct from the canonical XRE-driven process that will enrich our future understanding of AhR biology . Determination of homocysteine levels in cells and serum is important because high homocysteine is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease . 
The currently used methods for homocysteine analysis either are time consuming or rely on the use of expensive equipment . 
Described in this study is an enzymatic assay that determines levels of homocysteine in multiple samples in less than 30 min at levels from 5 to 50 pmol using only a spectrophotometer . 
The reproducibility of the assay is consistent with the other methods currently used . 
A second assay , that is about 5-fold more sensitive , follows the enzymatic catalyzed solvent exchange of protons on glycine , which requires a scintillation counter . 
Both the spectrophotometric and the radiometric methods are based on the conversion of 5-methyltetrahydrofolate to tetrahydrofolate by methionine synthase . 
The tetrahydrofolate is formed in stoichiometric amounts to the homocysteine in the sample . 
In the spectrophotometric method the tetrahydrofolate is used at catalytic levels by three enzymes to form a metabolic cycle that generates NADPH from NADP ( + ) . 
In the radiometric assay tetrahydrofolate is required for the enzymatic exchange of the pro 2S proton of glycine with solvent . 
L-Cysteine , at levels more than 30-fold higher than the upper level of homocysteine used in these assays , does not give any measurable response . ALLERGIC SKIN INFLAMMATION INDUCED BY CHEMICAL SENSITIZERS IS CONTROLLED BY THE TRANSCRIPTION FACTOR NRF2 . Specific control of group IVA cytosolic phospholipase A2 ( cPLA2α or PLA2G4A ) expression modulates arachidonic acid production , thus tightly regulating the downstream effects of pro- and anti-inflammatory eicosanoids . 
The significance of this pathway in human disease is apparent in a range of pathologies from inflammation to tumorigenesis . 
While much of the regulation of cPLA2α has focused on post-translational phosphorylation of the protein , studies on transcriptional regulation of this gene have focused only on proximal promoter regions . 
We have identified a DNase I hypersensitive site encompassing a 5' distal enhancer element containing a highly conserved consensus AP-1 site involved in transcriptional activation of cPLA2α by IL-1β . 
ChIP , knockdown , knockout and overexpression analyses have shown that c-Jun acts both in a negative and positive regulatory role . 
Transcriptional activation of cPLA2α occurs through the phosphorylation of c-Jun in conjunction with increased association of C / EBPβ with the distal novel enhancer . 
The association of C / EBPβ with the transcriptional activation complex does not require an obvious DNA binding site . 
These data provide new and important contributions to the understanding of cPLA2α regulation at the transcriptional level with implications to eicosanoid metabolism , cellular signaling and disease pathogenesis . The vitamin D hormone , 1 , 25-dihydroxyvitamin D ( 3 ) [ 1 , 25 ( OH ) ( 2 ) D ( 3 ) ] , binds with high affinity to the nuclear vitamin D receptor ( VDR ) , which recruits its retinoid X receptor ( RXR ) heterodimeric partner to recognize vitamin D responsive elements ( VDREs ) in target genes . 
1 , 25 ( OH ) ( 2 ) D ( 3 ) is known primarily as a regulator of calcium , but it also controls phosphate ( re ) absorption at the intestine and kidney . 
Fibroblast growth factor 23 ( FGF23 ) is a phosphaturic hormone produced in osteoblasts that , like PTH , lowers serum phosphate by inhibiting renal reabsorption through Npt2a / Npt2c . 
Real-time PCR and reporter gene transfection assays were used to probe VDR-mediated transcriptional control by 1 , 25 ( OH ) ( 2 ) D ( 3 ) . 
Reporter gene and mammalian two-hybrid transfections , plus competitive receptor binding assays , were used to discover novel VDR ligands . 
1 , 25 ( OH ) ( 2 ) D ( 3 ) induces FGF23 78-fold in osteoblasts , and because FGF23 in turn represses 1 , 25 ( OH ) ( 2 ) D ( 3 ) synthesis , a reciprocal relationship is established , with FGF23 indirectly curtailing 1 , 25 ( OH ) ( 2 ) D ( 3 ) -mediated intestinal absorption and counterbalancing renal reabsorption of phosphate , thereby reversing hyperphosphatemia and preventing ectopic calcification . 
Therefore , a 1 , 25 ( OH ) ( 2 ) D ( 3 ) -FGF23 axis regulating phosphate is comparable in importance to the 1 , 25 ( OH ) ( 2 ) D ( 3 ) -PTH axis that regulates calcium . 
1 , 25 ( OH ) ( 2 ) D ( 3 ) also elicits regulation of LRP5 , Runx2 , PHEX , TRPV6 , and Npt2c , all anabolic toward bone , and RANKL , which is catabolic . 
Regulation of mouse RANKL by 1 , 25 ( OH ) ( 2 ) D ( 3 ) supports a cloverleaf model , whereby VDR-RXR heterodimers bound to multiple VDREs are juxtapositioned through chromatin looping to form a supercomplex , potentially allowing simultaneous interactions with multiple co-modulators and chromatin remodeling enzymes . 
VDR also selectively binds certain omega3 / omega6 polyunsaturated fatty acids ( PUFAs ) with low affinity , leading to transcriptionally active VDR-RXR complexes . 
Moreover , the turmeric-derived polyphenol , curcumin , activates transcription of a VDRE reporter construct in human colon cancer cells . 
Activation of VDR by PUFAs and curcumin may elicit unique , 1 , 25 ( OH ) ( 2 ) D ( 3 ) -independent signaling pathways to orchestrate the bioeffects of these lipids in intestine , bone , skin / hair follicle , and other VDR-containing tissues . Neonatal red cells ( umbilical cord blood ) were in vitro incubated in isotonic media ( thiocyanate as predominant anion ) . 
This experimental condition was selected as it was known that this chaotropic anion induced activation of Na + -H + exchange . 
The transport amiloride-sensitive mechanism , that decreased the acidic intracellular pH change occurring in this medium , would correspond to Na + -H + exchange ( NHE1 isoform ) . 
However , the Na + -Li + exchange , also determined in the cells in the above-mentioned medium was not affected by amiloride . 
The present data suggest that an amiloride insensitive Na + -H + exchange isoform would express Na + -Li + countertransport in these cells . The circadian rhythm of corticosterone ( CORT ) secretion from the adrenal cortex is regulated by the suprachiasmatic nucleus ( SCN ) , which is entrained to the light-dark cycle . 
Since the circadian CORT rhythm is associated with circadian expression of the steroidogenic acute regulatory ( StAR ) protein , we investigated the 24h pattern of hormonal secretion ( ACTH and CORT ) , steroidogenic gene expression ( StAR , SF-1 , DAX1 and Nurr77 ) and the expression of genes involved in ACTH signalling ( MC2R and MRAP ) in rats entrained to a normal light-dark cycle . 
We found that circadian changes in ACTH and CORT were associated with the circadian expression of all gene targets; with SF-1 , Nurr77 and MRAP peaking in the evening , and DAX1 and MC2R peaking in the morning . 
Since disruption of normal SCN activity by exposure to constant light abolishes the circadian rhythm of CORT in the rat , we also investigated whether the AM-PM variation of our target genes was also disrupted in rats exposed to constant light conditions for 5weeks . 
We found that the disruption of the AM-PM variation of ACTH and CORT secretion in rats exposed to constant light was accompanied by a loss of AM-PM variation in StAR , SF-1 and DAX1 , and a reversed AM-PM variation in Nurr77 , MC2R and MRAP . 
Our data suggest that circadian expression of StAR is regulated by the circadian expression of nuclear receptors and proteins involved in both ACTH signalling and StAR transcription . 
We propose that ACTH regulates the secretion of CORT via the circadian control of steroidogenic gene pathways that become dysregulated under the influence of constant light . Regulation of sexual reproduction by estradiol involves the activation of estrogen receptors ( ERs ) in the hypothalamus . 
Of the two classical ERs involved in reproduction , ERα appears to be the critical isoform . 
The role of ERα in reproduction has been found to involve a nuclear ERα that induces a genomic mechanism of action . 
More recently , a plasma membrane ERα has been shown to trigger signaling pathways involved in reproduction . 
Mechanisms underlying membrane-initiated estradiol signaling are emerging , including evidence that activation of plasma membrane ERα involves receptor trafficking . 
The present study examined the insertion of ERα into the plasma membrane of N-38 neurons , an immortalized murine hypothalamic cell line . 
We identified , using western blotting and PCR that N-38 neurons express full-length 66kDa ERα and a 52kDa ERα spliced variant missing the fourth exon - ERαΔ4 . 
Using surface biotinylation , we observed that treatment of N-38 neurons with estradiol or with a membrane impermeant estradiol elevated plasma membrane ERα protein levels , indicating that membrane signaling increased receptor insertion into the cell membrane . 
Insertion of ERα was blocked by the ER antagonist ICI 182 , 780 or with the protein kinase C ( PKC ) pathway inhibitor bisindolylmaleimide ( BIS ) . 
Downstream membrane-initiated signaling was confirmed by estradiol activation of PKC-theta ( PKCθ ) and the release of intracellular calcium . 
These results indicate that membrane ERα levels in N-38 neurons are dynamically autoregulated by estradiol . Modulation of epidermal growth factor receptor in endocrine-resistant , oestrogen receptor-positive breast cancer . The temperature and pressure dependence of the addition reaction of ethyl methyl ketone ( EMK ) with HO2 radical has been calculated with the master equation method employing conventional transition state theory estimates for the microcanonical rate coefficients in the temperature range of 600-1600 K . 
Geometries , frequencies , and hindrance potentials were obtained at the B3LYP / 6-311G ( d , p ) level of theory . 
A modified G3 ( MP2 , CC ) method has been used to calculate accurate electronic energies for all of the species involved in the reactions . 
The rigid-rotor harmonic oscillator approximation has been used for all of the vibrations except for the torsional degrees of freedom which are being treated as 1D hindered rotor . 
Asymmetric Eckart barriers were used to model tunneling effect in a one-dimensional reaction coordinate through saddle points . 
Our calculated results show that the four reaction channels forming 1-buten-2-ol + HÿO2 radical ( R5 ) , 2-buten-2-ol + HÿO2 radical ( R10 ) , acetic acid + ethylene + ÿO H radical ( R13 ) , 2-methyl-2-oxetanol + ÿOH radical ( R15 ) are the dominant channels . 
When the temperature is below 1000 K , the reaction R15 forming the cyclic ether , 2-methyl-2-oxetanol , is dominant; while the reaction R13 forming acetic acid + ethylene + ÿOH radical becomes increasingly dominant at temperatures above 1000 K . 
The other two channels forming 1-buten-2-ol , 2-buten-2-ol and HO2 radical are not dominant but are still important product channels over the whole temperature range investigated here . 
No pressure dependence has been found for the reaction channels forming 2-methyl-2-oxetanol + OH radical and acetic acid + ethylene + OH radical . 
A slightly negative pressure dependence has been found for the reaction channels producing the two butenols . 
Rate constants for the four important reaction channels at 1 atm ( in cm3mol-1s-1 ) are : kR5 = 2 . 67 × 1015 × T-1 . 32 exp ( -16637 / T ) kR10 = 1 . 62 × 108 × T 0 . 57 exp ( -13142 / T ) kR13 = 2 . 29 × 1017 × T-1 . 66 exp ( -18169 / T ) kR15 = 6 . 17 × 10-2 × T 3 . 35 exp ( -10136 / T ) A comparison of the total rate constants for the addition of HO2 radical to EMK and that for H-atom abstraction by HO2 radical from EMK has also been carried out . 
We find that the abstraction reaction channels are dominant over the entire temperature range of 600-1600 K . Postoperative ileus ( POI ) is a major cause of postoperative complications and prolonged hospitalization . 
Ghrelin , which is the endogenous ligand for the growth hormone secretagogue receptor , has been found to stimulate gastric motility and accelerate gastric emptying . 
The present study investigates whether TZP-101 ( 0 . 03-1 mg / kg i . 
v . 
) , a synthetic ghrelin-receptor agonist , could improve gastrointestinal transit in rats with POI . 
Since the main factors for the development of POI are the surgical manipulation and the gastrointestinal effects of opioid-receptor agonists used for pain management , the effect of TZP-101 was investigated in rats subjected to surgery , to morphine treatment ( 3 mg / kg s . 
c . 
) , or to a combination of both . 
The results showed that TZP-101 is equally effective against the delayed gastrointestinal transit induced by surgery , by morphine , or by the combination of both interventions . 
The prokinetic action of TZP-101 was more pronounced in the stomach compared to the small intestine . The development and application of imatinib . 